# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 22 Oct 2021
### 1.Convex Joint Graph Matching and Clustering via Semidefinite Relaxations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11335.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new algorithm for simultaneous graph matching and clustering. For the first time in the literature, these two problems are solved jointly and synergetically without relying on any training data, which brings advantages for identifying similar arbitrary objects in compound 3D scenes and matching them. For joint reasoning, we first rephrase graph matching as a rigid point set registration problem operating on spectral graph embeddings. Consequently, we utilise efficient convex semidefinite program relaxations for aligning points in Hilbert spaces and add coupling constraints to model the mutual dependency and exploit synergies between both tasks. We outperform state of the art in challenging cases with non-perfectly matching and noisy graphs, and we show successful applications on real compound scenes with multiple 3D elements. Our source code and data are publicly available.      
### 2.Generalized Out-of-Distribution Detection: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11334.pdf)
>  Out-of-distribution (OOD) detection is critical to ensuring the reliability and safety of machine learning systems. For instance, in autonomous driving, we would like the driving system to issue an alert and hand over the control to humans when it detects unusual scenes or objects that it has never seen before and cannot make a safe decision. This problem first emerged in 2017 and since then has received increasing attention from the research community, leading to a plethora of methods developed, ranging from classification-based to density-based to distance-based ones. Meanwhile, several other problems are closely related to OOD detection in terms of motivation and methodology. These include anomaly detection (AD), novelty detection (ND), open set recognition (OSR), and outlier detection (OD). Despite having different definitions and problem settings, these problems often confuse readers and practitioners, and as a result, some existing studies misuse terms. In this survey, we first present a generic framework called generalized OOD detection, which encompasses the five aforementioned problems, i.e., AD, ND, OSR, OOD detection, and OD. Under our framework, these five problems can be seen as special cases or sub-tasks, and are easier to distinguish. Then, we conduct a thorough review of each of the five areas by summarizing their recent technical developments. We conclude this survey with open challenges and potential research directions.      
### 3.Learning 3D Semantic Segmentation with only 2D Image Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11325.pdf)
>  With the recent growth of urban mapping and autonomous driving efforts, there has been an explosion of raw 3D data collected from terrestrial platforms with lidar scanners and color cameras. However, due to high labeling costs, ground-truth 3D semantic segmentation annotations are limited in both quantity and geographic diversity, while also being difficult to transfer across sensors. In contrast, large image collections with ground-truth semantic segmentations are readily available for diverse sets of scenes. In this paper, we investigate how to use only those labeled 2D image collections to supervise training 3D semantic segmentation models. Our approach is to train a 3D model from pseudo-labels derived from 2D semantic image segmentations using multiview fusion. We address several novel issues with this approach, including how to select trusted pseudo-labels, how to sample 3D scenes with rare object categories, and how to decouple input features from 2D images from pseudo-labels during training. The proposed network architecture, 2D3DNet, achieves significantly better performance (+6.2-11.4 mIoU) than baselines during experiments on a new urban dataset with lidar and images captured in 20 cities across 5 continents.      
### 4.StyleAlign: Analysis and Applications of Aligned StyleGAN Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11323.pdf)
>  In this paper, we perform an in-depth study of the properties and applications of aligned generative models. We refer to two models as aligned if they share the same architecture, and one of them (the child) is obtained from the other (the parent) via fine-tuning to another domain, a common practice in transfer learning. Several works already utilize some basic properties of aligned StyleGAN models to perform image-to-image translation. Here, we perform the first detailed exploration of model alignment, also focusing on StyleGAN. First, we empirically analyze aligned models and provide answers to important questions regarding their nature. In particular, we find that the child model's latent spaces are semantically aligned with those of the parent, inheriting incredibly rich semantics, even for distant data domains such as human faces and churches. Second, equipped with this better understanding, we leverage aligned models to solve a diverse set of tasks. In addition to image translation, we demonstrate fully automatic cross-domain image morphing. We further show that zero-shot vision tasks may be performed in the child domain, while relying exclusively on supervision in the parent domain. We demonstrate qualitatively and quantitatively that our approach yields state-of-the-art results, while requiring only simple fine-tuning and inversion.      
### 5.Deep Curriculum Learning in Task Space for Multi-Class Based Mammography Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11320.pdf)
>  Mammography is used as a standard screening procedure for the potential patients of breast cancer. Over the past decade, it has been shown that deep learning techniques have succeeded in reaching near-human performance in a number of tasks, and its application in mammography is one of the topics that medical researchers most concentrate on. In this work, we propose an end-to-end Curriculum Learning (CL) strategy in task space for classifying the three categories of Full-Field Digital Mammography (FFDM), namely Malignant, Negative, and False recall. Specifically, our method treats this three-class classification as a "harder" task in terms of CL, and create an "easier" sub-task of classifying False recall against the combined group of Negative and Malignant. We introduce a loss scheduler to dynamically weight the contribution of the losses from the two tasks throughout the entire training process. We conduct experiments on an FFDM datasets of 1,709 images using 5-fold cross validation. The results show that our curriculum learning strategy can boost the performance for classifying the three categories of FFDM compared to the baseline strategies for model training.      
### 6.Video and Text Matching with Conditioned Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11298.pdf)
>  We present a method for matching a text sentence from a given corpus to a given video clip and vice versa. Traditionally video and text matching is done by learning a shared embedding space and the encoding of one modality is independent of the other. In this work, we encode the dataset data in a way that takes into account the query's relevant information. The power of the method is demonstrated to arise from pooling the interaction data between words and frames. Since the encoding of the video clip depends on the sentence compared to it, the representation needs to be recomputed for each potential match. To this end, we propose an efficient shallow neural network. Its training employs a hierarchical triplet loss that is extendable to paragraph/video matching. The method is simple, provides explainability, and achieves state-of-the-art results for both sentence-clip and video-text by a sizable margin across five different datasets: ActivityNet, DiDeMo, YouCook2, MSR-VTT, and LSMDC. We also show that our conditioned representation can be transferred to video-guided machine translation, where we improved the current results on VATEX. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AmeenAli/VideoMatch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.An Empirical Study on GANs with Margin Cosine Loss and Relativistic Discriminator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11293.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have emerged as useful generative models, which are capable of implicitly learning data distributions of arbitrarily complex dimensions. However, the training of GANs is empirically well-known for being highly unstable and sensitive. The loss functions of both the discriminator and generator concerning their parameters tend to oscillate wildly during training. Different loss functions have been proposed to stabilize the training and improve the quality of images generated. In this paper, we perform an empirical study on the impact of several loss functions on the performance of standard GAN models, Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks (DCGANs). We introduce a new improvement that employs a relativistic discriminator to replace the classical deterministic discriminator in DCGANs and implement a margin cosine loss function for both the generator and discriminator. This results in a novel loss function, namely \textit{Relativistic Margin Cosine Loss} (RMCosGAN). We carry out extensive experiments with four datasets: CIFAR-$10$, MNIST, STL-$10$, and CAT. We compare RMCosGAN performance with existing loss functions based on two metrics: Frechet inception distance and inception score. The experimental results show that RMCosGAN outperforms the existing ones and significantly improves the quality of images generated.      
### 8.Multi-Object Tracking and Segmentation with a Space-Time Memory Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11284.pdf)
>  We propose a method for multi-object tracking and segmentation that does not require fine-tuning or per benchmark hyper-parameter selection. The proposed tracker, MeNToS, addresses particularly the data association problem. Indeed, the recently introduced HOTA metric, which has a better alignment with the human visual assessment by evenly balancing detections and associations quality, has shown that improvements are still needed for data association. After creating tracklets using instance segmentation and optical flow, the proposed method relies on a space-time memory network developed for one-shot video object segmentation to improve the association of tracklets with temporal gaps. We evaluated our tracker on KITTIMOTS and MOTSChallenge and show the benefit of our data association strategy with the HOTA metric. The project page is \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.mehdimiah.com/mentos+" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}.      
### 9.The Effect of Wearing a Face Mask on Face Image Quality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11283.pdf)
>  Due to the COVID-19 situation, face masks have become a main part of our daily life. Wearing mouth-and-nose protection has been made a mandate in many public places, to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus. However, face masks affect the performance of face recognition, since a large area of the face is covered. The effect of wearing a face mask on the different components of the face recognition system in a collaborative environment is a problem that is still to be fully studied. This work studies, for the first time, the effect of wearing a face mask on face image quality by utilising state-of-the-art face image quality assessment methods of different natures. This aims at providing better understanding on the effect of face masks on the operation of face recognition as a whole system. In addition, we further studied the effect of simulated masks on face image utility in comparison to real face masks. We discuss the correlation between the mask effect on face image quality and that on the face verification performance by automatic systems and human experts, indicating a consistent trend between both factors. The evaluation is conducted on the database containing (1) no-masked faces, (2) real face masks, and (3) simulated face masks, by synthetically generating digital facial masks on no-masked faces according to the NIST protocols [1, 23]. Finally, a visual interpretation of the face areas contributing to the quality score of a selected set of quality assessment methods is provided to give a deeper insight into the difference of network decisions in masked and non-masked faces, among other variations.      
### 10.Super-resolution of multiphase materials by combining complementary 2D and 3D image data using generative adversarial networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11281.pdf)
>  Modelling the impact of a material's mesostructure on device level performance typically requires access to 3D image data containing all the relevant information to define the geometry of the simulation domain. This image data must include sufficient contrast between phases to distinguish each material, be of high enough resolution to capture the key details, but also have a large enough field-of-view to be representative of the material in general. It is rarely possible to obtain data with all of these properties from a single imaging technique. In this paper, we present a method for combining information from pairs of distinct but complementary imaging techniques in order to accurately reconstruct the desired multi-phase, high resolution, representative, 3D images. Specifically, we use deep convolutional generative adversarial networks to implement super-resolution, style transfer and dimensionality expansion. To demonstrate the widespread applicability of this tool, two pairs of datasets are used to validate the quality of the volumes generated by fusing the information from paired imaging techniques. Three key mesostructural metrics are calculated in each case to show the accuracy of this method. Having confidence in the accuracy of our method, we then demonstrate its power by applying to a real data pair from a lithium ion battery electrode, where the required 3D high resolution image data is not available anywhere in the literature. We believe this approach is superior to previously reported statistical material reconstruction methods both in terms of its fidelity and ease of use. Furthermore, much of the data required to train this algorithm already exists in the literature, waiting to be combined. As such, our open-access code could precipitate a step change by generating the hard to obtain high quality image volumes necessary to simulate behaviour at the mesoscale.      
### 11.Self-Supervised Monocular Scene Decomposition and Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11275.pdf)
>  Self-supervised monocular depth estimation approaches either ignore independently moving objects in the scene or need a separate segmentation step to identify them. We propose MonoDepthSeg to jointly estimate depth and segment moving objects from monocular video without using any ground-truth labels. We decompose the scene into a fixed number of components where each component corresponds to a region on the image with its own transformation matrix representing its motion. We estimate both the mask and the motion of each component efficiently with a shared encoder. We evaluate our method on three driving datasets and show that our model clearly improves depth estimation while decomposing the scene into separately moving components.      
### 12.MSO: Multi-Feature Space Joint Optimization Network for RGB-Infrared Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11264.pdf)
>  The RGB-infrared cross-modality person re-identification (ReID) task aims to recognize the images of the same identity between the visible modality and the infrared modality. Existing methods mainly use a two-stream architecture to eliminate the discrepancy between the two modalities in the final common feature space, which ignore the single space of each modality in the shallow layers. To solve it, in this paper, we present a novel multi-feature space joint optimization (MSO) network, which can learn modality-sharable features in both the single-modality space and the common space. Firstly, based on the observation that edge information is modality-invariant, we propose an edge features enhancement module to enhance the modality-sharable features in each single-modality space. Specifically, we design a perceptual edge features (PEF) loss after the edge fusion strategy analysis. According to our knowledge, this is the first work that proposes explicit optimization in the single-modality feature space on cross-modality ReID task. Moreover, to increase the difference between cross-modality distance and class distance, we introduce a novel cross-modality contrastive-center (CMCC) loss into the modality-joint constraints in the common feature space. The PEF loss and CMCC loss jointly optimize the model in an end-to-end manner, which markedly improves the network's performance. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on both the SYSU-MM01 and RegDB datasets.      
### 13.Multi-Category Mesh Reconstruction From Image Collections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11256.pdf)
>  Recently, learning frameworks have shown the capability of inferring the accurate shape, pose, and texture of an object from a single RGB image. However, current methods are trained on image collections of a single category in order to exploit specific priors, and they often make use of category-specific 3D templates. In this paper, we present an alternative approach that infers the textured mesh of objects combining a series of deformable 3D models and a set of instance-specific deformation, pose, and texture. Differently from previous works, our method is trained with images of multiple object categories using only foreground masks and rough camera poses as supervision. Without specific 3D templates, the framework learns category-level models which are deformed to recover the 3D shape of the depicted object. The instance-specific deformations are predicted independently for each vertex of the learned 3D mesh, enabling the dynamic subdivision of the mesh during the training process. Experiments show that the proposed framework can distinguish between different object categories and learn category-specific shape priors in an unsupervised manner. Predicted shapes are smooth and can leverage from multiple steps of subdivision during the training process, obtaining comparable or state-of-the-art results on two public datasets. Models and code are publicly released.      
### 14.On the properties of some low-parameter models for color reproduction in terms of spectrum transformations and coverage of a color triangle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11255.pdf)
>  One of the classical approaches to solving color reproduction problems, such as color adaptation or color space transform, is the use of low-parameter spectral models. The strength of this approach is the ability to choose a set of properties that the model should have, be it a large coverage area of a color triangle, an accurate description of the addition or multiplication of spectra, knowing only the tristimulus corresponding to them. The disadvantage is that some of the properties of the mentioned spectral models are confirmed only experimentally. This work is devoted to the theoretical substantiation of various properties of spectral models. In particular, we prove that the banded model is the only model that simultaneously possesses the properties of closure under addition and multiplication. We also show that the Gaussian model is the limiting case of the von Mises model and prove that the set of protomers of the von Mises model unambiguously covers the color triangle in both the case of convex and non-convex spectral locus.      
### 15.Detection of Driver Drowsiness by Calculating the Speed of Eye Blinking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11223.pdf)
>  Many road accidents are caused by drowsiness of the driver. While there are methods to detect closed eyes, it is a non-trivial task to detect the gradual process of a driver becoming drowsy. We consider a simple real-time detection system for drowsiness merely based on the eye blinking rate derived from the eye aspect ratio. For the eye detection we use HOG and a linear SVM. If the speed of the eye blinking drops below some empirically determined threshold, the system triggers an alarm, hence preventing the driver from falling into microsleep. In this paper, we extensively evaluate the minimal requirements for the proposed system. We find that this system works well if the face is directed to the camera, but it becomes less reliable once the head is tilted significantly. The results of our evaluations provide the foundation for further developments of our drowsiness detection system.      
### 16.PlaneRecNet: Multi-Task Learning with Cross-Task Consistency for Piece-Wise Plane Detection and Reconstruction from a Single RGB Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11219.pdf)
>  Piece-wise 3D planar reconstruction provides holistic scene understanding of man-made environments, especially for indoor scenarios. Most recent approaches focused on improving the segmentation and reconstruction results by introducing advanced network architectures but overlooked the dual characteristics of piece-wise planes as objects and geometric models. Different from other existing approaches, we start from enforcing cross-task consistency for our multi-task convolutional neural network, PlaneRecNet, which integrates a single-stage instance segmentation network for piece-wise planar segmentation and a depth decoder to reconstruct the scene from a single RGB image. To achieve this, we introduce several novel loss functions (geometric constraint) that jointly improve the accuracy of piece-wise planar segmentation and depth estimation. Meanwhile, a novel Plane Prior Attention module is used to guide depth estimation with the awareness of plane instances. Exhaustive experiments are conducted in this work to validate the effectiveness and efficiency of our method.      
### 17.Generative Adversarial Graph Convolutional Networks for Human Action Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11191.pdf)
>  Synthesising the spatial and temporal dynamics of the human body skeleton remains a challenging task, not only in terms of the quality of the generated shapes, but also of their diversity, particularly to synthesise realistic body movements of a specific action (action conditioning). In this paper, we propose Kinetic-GAN, a novel architecture that leverages the benefits of Generative Adversarial Networks and Graph Convolutional Networks to synthesise the kinetics of the human body. The proposed adversarial architecture can condition up to 120 different actions over local and global body movements while improving sample quality and diversity through latent space disentanglement and stochastic variations. Our experiments were carried out in three well-known datasets, where Kinetic-GAN notably surpasses the state-of-the-art methods in terms of distribution quality metrics while having the ability to synthesise more than one order of magnitude regarding the number of different actions. Our code and models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DegardinBruno/Kinetic-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.SLURP: Side Learning Uncertainty for Regression Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11182.pdf)
>  It has become critical for deep learning algorithms to quantify their output uncertainties to satisfy reliability constraints and provide accurate results. Uncertainty estimation for regression has received less attention than classification due to the more straightforward standardized output of the latter class of tasks and their high importance. However, regression problems are encountered in a wide range of applications in computer vision. We propose SLURP, a generic approach for regression uncertainty estimation via a side learner that exploits the output and the intermediate representations generated by the main task model. We test SLURP on two critical regression tasks in computer vision: monocular depth and optical flow estimation. In addition, we conduct exhaustive benchmarks comprising transfer to different datasets and the addition of aleatoric noise. The results show that our proposal is generic and readily applicable to various regression problems and has a low computational cost with respect to existing solutions.      
### 19.Each Attribute Matters: Contrastive Attention for Sentence-based Image Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11159.pdf)
>  Sentence-based Image Editing (SIE) aims to deploy natural language to edit an image. Offering potentials to reduce expensive manual editing, SIE has attracted much interest recently. However, existing methods can hardly produce accurate editing and even lead to failures in attribute editing when the query sentence is with multiple editable attributes. To cope with this problem, by focusing on enhancing the difference between attributes, this paper proposes a novel model called Contrastive Attention Generative Adversarial Network (CA-GAN), which is inspired from contrastive training. Specifically, we first design a novel contrastive attention module to enlarge the editing difference between random combinations of attributes which are formed during training. We then construct an attribute discriminator to ensure effective editing on each attribute. A series of experiments show that our method can generate very encouraging results in sentence-based image editing with multiple attributes on CUB and COCO dataset. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zlq2021/CA-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 20.HCV: Hierarchy-Consistency Verification for Incremental Implicitly-Refined Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11148.pdf)
>  Human beings learn and accumulate hierarchical knowledge over their lifetime. This knowledge is associated with previous concepts for consolidation and hierarchical construction. However, current incremental learning methods lack the ability to build a concept hierarchy by associating new concepts to old ones. A more realistic setting tackling this problem is referred to as Incremental Implicitly-Refined Classification (IIRC), which simulates the recognition process from coarse-grained categories to fine-grained categories. To overcome forgetting in this benchmark, we propose Hierarchy-Consistency Verification (HCV) as an enhancement to existing continual learning methods. Our method incrementally discovers the hierarchical relations between classes. We then show how this knowledge can be exploited during both training and inference. Experiments on three setups of varying difficulty demonstrate that our HCV module improves performance of existing continual learning methods under this IIRC setting by a large margin. Code is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangkai930418/HCV_IIRC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.A Strong Baseline for Semi-Supervised Incremental Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11128.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning (FSL) aims to learn models that generalize to novel classes with limited training samples. Recent works advance FSL towards a scenario where unlabeled examples are also available and propose semi-supervised FSL methods. Another line of methods also cares about the performance of base classes in addition to the novel ones and thus establishes the incremental FSL scenario. In this paper, we generalize the above two under a more realistic yet complex setting, named by Semi-Supervised Incremental Few-Shot Learning (S2 I-FSL). To tackle the task, we propose a novel paradigm containing two parts: (1) a well-designed meta-training algorithm for mitigating ambiguity between base and novel classes caused by unreliable pseudo labels and (2) a model adaptation mechanism to learn discriminative features for novel classes while preserving base knowledge using few labeled and all the unlabeled data. Extensive experiments on standard FSL, semi-supervised FSL, incremental FSL, and the firstly built S2 I-FSL benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 22.A Deep Insight into Measuring Face Image Utility with General and Face-specific Image Quality Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11111.pdf)
>  Quality scores provide a measure to evaluate the utility of biometric samples for biometric recognition. Biometric recognition systems require high-quality samples to achieve optimal performance. This paper focuses on face images and the measurement of face image utility with general and face-specific image quality metrics. While face-specific metrics rely on features of aligned face images, general image quality metrics can be used on the global image and relate to human perceptions. In this paper, we analyze the gap between the general image quality metrics and the face image quality metrics. Our contribution lies in a thorough examination of how different the image quality assessment algorithms relate to the utility for the face recognition task. The results of image quality assessment algorithms are further compared with those of dedicated face image quality assessment algorithms. In total, 25 different quality metrics are evaluated on three face image databases, BioSecure, LFW, and VGGFace2 using three open-source face recognition solutions, SphereFace, ArcFace, and FaceNet. Our results reveal a clear correlation between learned image metrics to face image utility even without being specifically trained as a face utility measure. Individual handcrafted features lack general stability and perform significantly worse than general face-specific quality metrics. We additionally provide a visual insight into the image areas contributing to the quality score of a selected set of quality assessment methods.      
### 23.Extraction of Positional Player Data from Broadcast Soccer Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11107.pdf)
>  Computer-aided support and analysis are becoming increasingly important in the modern world of sports. The scouting of potential prospective players, performance as well as match analysis, and the monitoring of training programs rely more and more on data-driven technologies to ensure success. Therefore, many approaches require large amounts of data, which are, however, not easy to obtain in general. In this paper, we propose a pipeline for the fully-automated extraction of positional data from broadcast video recordings of soccer matches. In contrast to previous work, the system integrates all necessary sub-tasks like sports field registration, player detection, or team assignment that are crucial for player position estimation. The quality of the modules and the entire system is interdependent. A comprehensive experimental evaluation is presented for the individual modules as well as the entire pipeline to identify the influence of errors to subsequent modules and the overall result. In this context, we propose novel evaluation metrics to compare the output with ground-truth positional data.      
### 24.Reinforcement Learning Based Optimal Camera Placement for Depth Observation of Indoor Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11106.pdf)
>  Exploring the most task-friendly camera setting -- optimal camera placement (OCP) problem -- in tasks that use multiple cameras is of great importance. However, few existing OCP solutions specialize in depth observation of indoor scenes, and most versatile solutions work offline. To this problem, an OCP online solution to depth observation of indoor scenes based on reinforcement learning is proposed in this paper. The proposed solution comprises a simulation environment that implements scene observation and reward estimation using shadow maps and an agent network containing a soft actor-critic (SAC)-based reinforcement learning backbone and a feature extractor to extract features from the observed point cloud layer-by-layer. Comparative experiments with two state-of-the-art optimization-based offline methods are conducted. The experimental results indicate that the proposed system outperforms seven out of ten test scenes in obtaining lower depth observation error. The total error in all test scenes is also less than 90% of the baseline ones. Therefore, the proposed system is more competent for depth camera placement in scenarios where there is no prior knowledge of the scenes or where a lower depth observation error is the main objective.      
### 25.3D-ANAS v2: Grafting Transformer Module on Automatically Designed ConvNet for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11084.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) classification has been a hot topic for decides, as Hyperspectral image has rich spatial and spectral information, providing strong basis for distinguishing different land-cover objects. Benefiting from the development of deep learning technologies, deep learning based HSI classification methods have achieved promising performance. Recently, several neural architecture search (NAS) algorithms are proposed for HSI classification, which further improve the accuracy of HSI classification to a new level. In this paper, we revisit the search space designed in previous HSI classification NAS methods and propose a novel hybrid search space, where 3D convolution, 2D spatial convolution and 2D spectral convolution are employed. Compared search space proposed in previous works, the serach space proposed in this paper is more aligned with characteristic of HSI data that is HSIs have a relatively low spatial resolution and an extremely high spectral resolution. In addition, to further improve the classification accuracy, we attempt to graft the emerging transformer module on the automatically designed ConvNet to adding global information to local region focused features learned by ConvNet. We carry out comparison experiments on three public HSI datasets which have different spectral characteristics to evaluate the proposed method. Experimental results show that the proposed method achieves much better performance than comparison approaches, and both adopting the proposed hybrid search space and grafting transformer module improves classification accuracy. Especially on the most recently captured dataset Houston University, overall accuracy is improved by up to nearly 6 percentage points. Code will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xmm/3D-ANAS-V2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Robust Edge-Direct Visual Odometry based on CNN edge detection and Shi-Tomasi corner optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11064.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a robust edge-direct visual odometry (VO) based on CNN edge detection and Shi-Tomasi corner optimization. Four layers of pyramids were extracted from the image in the proposed method to reduce the motion error between frames. This solution used CNN edge detection and Shi-Tomasi corner optimization to extract information from the image. Then, the pose estimation is performed using the Levenberg-Marquardt (LM) algorithm and updating the keyframes. Our method was compared with the dense direct method, the improved direct method of Canny edge detection, and ORB-SLAM2 system on the RGB-D TUM benchmark. The experimental results indicate that our method achieves better robustness and accuracy.      
### 27.Transfer beyond the Field of View: Dense Panoramic Semantic Segmentation via Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11062.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles clearly benefit from the expanded Field of View (FoV) of 360-degree sensors, but modern semantic segmentation approaches rely heavily on annotated training data which is rarely available for panoramic images. We look at this problem from the perspective of domain adaptation and bring panoramic semantic segmentation to a setting, where labelled training data originates from a different distribution of conventional pinhole camera images. To achieve this, we formalize the task of unsupervised domain adaptation for panoramic semantic segmentation and collect DensePASS - a novel densely annotated dataset for panoramic segmentation under cross-domain conditions, specifically built to study the Pinhole-to-Panoramic domain shift and accompanied with pinhole camera training examples obtained from Cityscapes. DensePASS covers both, labelled- and unlabelled 360-degree images, with the labelled data comprising 19 classes which explicitly fit the categories available in the source (i.e. pinhole) domain. Since data-driven models are especially susceptible to changes in data distribution, we introduce P2PDA - a generic framework for Pinhole-to-Panoramic semantic segmentation which addresses the challenge of domain divergence with different variants of attention-augmented domain adaptation modules, enabling the transfer in output-, feature-, and feature confidence spaces. P2PDA intertwines uncertainty-aware adaptation using confidence values regulated on-the-fly through attention heads with discrepant predictions. Our framework facilitates context exchange when learning domain correspondences and dramatically improves the adaptation performance of accuracy- and efficiency-focused models. Comprehensive experiments verify that our framework clearly surpasses unsupervised domain adaptation- and specialized panoramic segmentation approaches.      
### 28.Mixer-based lidar lane detection network and dataset for urban roads  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11048.pdf)
>  Accurate lane detection under various road conditions is a critical function for autonomous driving. Generally, when detected lane lines from a front camera image are projected into a birds-eye view (BEV) for motion planning, the resulting lane lines are often distorted. And convolutional neural network (CNN)-based feature extractors often lose resolution when increasing the receptive field to detect global features such as lane lines. However, Lidar point cloud has little image distortion in the BEV-projection. Since lane lines are thin and stretch over entire BEV image while occupying only a small portion, lane lines should be detected as a global feature with high resolution. In this paper, we propose Lane Mixer Network (LMN) that extracts local features from Lidar point cloud, recognizes global features, and detects lane lines using a BEV encoder, a Mixer-based global feature extractor, and a detection head, respectively. In addition, we provide a world-first large urban lane dataset for Lidar, K-Lane, which has maximum 6 lanes under various urban road conditions. We demonstrate that the proposed LMN achieves the state-of-the-art performance, an F1 score of 91.67%, with K-Lane. The K-Lane, LMN training code, pre-trained models, and total dataset development platform are available at github.      
### 29.Improving the Deployment of Recycling Classification through Efficient Hyper-Parameter Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11043.pdf)
>  The paradigm of automated waste classification has recently seen a shift in the domain of interest from conventional image processing techniques to powerful computer vision algorithms known as convolutional neural networks (CNN). Historically, CNNs have demonstrated a strong dependency on powerful hardware for real-time classification, yet the need for deployment on weaker embedded devices is greater than ever. The work in this paper proposes a methodology for reconstructing and tuning conventional image classification models, using EfficientNets, to decrease their parameterisation with no trade-off in model accuracy and develops a pipeline through TensorRT for accelerating such models to run at real-time on an NVIDIA Jetson Nano embedded device. The train-deployment discrepancy, relating how poor data augmentation leads to a discrepancy in model accuracy between training and deployment, is often neglected in many papers and thus the work is extended by analysing and evaluating the impact real word perturbations had on model accuracy once deployed. The scope of the work concerns developing a more efficient variant of WasteNet, a collaborative recycling classification model. The newly developed model scores a test-set accuracy of 95.8\% with a real word accuracy of 95%, a 14% increase over the original. Our acceleration pipeline boosted model throughput by 750% to 24 inferences per second on the Jetson Nano and real-time latency of the system was verified through servomotor latency analysis.      
### 30.RefRec: Pseudo-labels Refinement via Shape Reconstruction for Unsupervised 3D Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11036.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) for point cloud classification is an emerging research problem with relevant practical motivations. Reliance on multi-task learning to align features across domains has been the standard way to tackle it. In this paper, we take a different path and propose RefRec, the first approach to investigate pseudo-labels and self-training in UDA for point clouds. We present two main innovations to make self-training effective on 3D data: i) refinement of noisy pseudo-labels by matching shape descriptors that are learned by the unsupervised task of shape reconstruction on both domains; ii) a novel self-training protocol that learns domain-specific decision boundaries and reduces the negative impact of mislabelled target samples and in-domain intra-class variability. RefRec sets the new state of the art in both standard benchmarks used to test UDA for point cloud classification, showcasing the effectiveness of self-training for this important problem.      
### 31.Augmenting Knowledge Distillation With Peer-To-Peer Mutual Learning For Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11023.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) is an effective model compression technique where a compact student network is taught to mimic the behavior of a complex and highly trained teacher network. In contrast, Mutual Learning (ML) provides an alternative strategy where multiple simple student networks benefit from sharing knowledge, even in the absence of a powerful but static teacher network. Motivated by these findings, we propose a single-teacher, multi-student framework that leverages both KD and ML to achieve better performance. Furthermore, an online distillation strategy is utilized to train the teacher and students simultaneously. To evaluate the performance of the proposed approach, extensive experiments were conducted using three different versions of teacher-student networks on benchmark biomedical classification (MSI vs. MSS) and object detection (Polyp Detection) tasks. Ensemble of student networks trained in the proposed manner achieved better results than the ensemble of students trained using KD or ML individually, establishing the benefit of augmenting knowledge transfer from teacher to students with peer-to-peer learning between students.      
### 32.Spatial Location Constraint Prototype Loss for Open Set Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11013.pdf)
>  One of the challenges in pattern recognition is open set recognition. Compared with closed set recognition, open set recognition needs to reduce not only the empirical risk, but also the open space risk, and the reduction of these two risks corresponds to classifying the known classes and identifying the unknown classes respectively. How to reduce the open space risk is the key of open set recognition. This paper explores the origin of the open space risk by analyzing the distribution of known and unknown classes features. On this basis, the spatial location constraint prototype loss function is proposed to reduce the two risks simultaneously. Extensive experiments on multiple benchmark datasets and many visualization results indicate that our methods is significantly superior to other existing approaches.      
### 33.Pixel-Level Face Image Quality Assessment for Explainable Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11001.pdf)
>  An essential factor to achieve high performance in face recognition systems is the quality of its samples. Since these systems are involved in various daily life there is a strong need of making face recognition processes understandable for humans. In this work, we introduce the concept of pixel-level face image quality that determines the utility of pixels in a face image for recognition. Given an arbitrary face recognition network, in this work, we propose a training-free approach to assess the pixel-level qualities of a face image. To achieve this, a model-specific quality value of the input image is estimated and used to build a sample-specific quality regression model. Based on this model, quality-based gradients are back-propagated and converted into pixel-level quality estimates. In the experiments, we qualitatively and quantitatively investigated the meaningfulness of the pixel-level qualities based on real and artificial disturbances and by comparing the explanation maps on ICAO-incompliant faces. In all scenarios, the results demonstrate that the proposed solution produces meaningful pixel-level qualities. The code is publicly available.      
### 34.Weakly Supervised Training of Monocular 3D Object Detectors Using Wide Baseline Multi-view Traffic Camera Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10966.pdf)
>  Accurate 7DoF prediction of vehicles at an intersection is an important task for assessing potential conflicts between road users. In principle, this could be achieved by a single camera system that is capable of detecting the pose of each vehicle but this would require a large, accurately labelled dataset from which to train the detector. Although large vehicle pose datasets exist (ostensibly developed for autonomous vehicles), we find training on these datasets inadequate. These datasets contain images from a ground level viewpoint, whereas an ideal view for intersection observation would be elevated higher above the road surface. We develop an alternative approach using a weakly supervised method of fine tuning 3D object detectors for traffic observation cameras; showing in the process that large existing autonomous vehicle datasets can be leveraged for pre-training. To fine-tune the monocular 3D object detector, our method utilises multiple 2D detections from overlapping, wide-baseline views and a loss that encodes the subjacent geometric consistency. Our method achieves vehicle 7DoF pose prediction accuracy on our dataset comparable to the top performing monocular 3D object detectors on autonomous vehicle datasets. We present our training methodology, multi-view reprojection loss, and dataset.      
### 35.Vis-TOP: Visual Transformer Overlay Processor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10957.pdf)
>  In recent years, Transformer has achieved good results in Natural Language Processing (NLP) and has also started to expand into Computer Vision (CV). Excellent models such as the Vision Transformer and Swin Transformer have emerged. At the same time, the platform for Transformer models was extended to embedded devices to meet some resource-sensitive application scenarios. However, due to the large number of parameters, the complex computational flow and the many different structural variants of Transformer models, there are a number of issues that need to be addressed in its hardware design. This is both an opportunity and a challenge. We propose Vis-TOP (Visual Transformer Overlay Processor), an overlay processor for various visual Transformer models. It differs from coarse-grained overlay processors such as CPU, GPU, NPE, and from fine-grained customized designs for a specific model. Vis-TOP summarizes the characteristics of all visual Transformer models and implements a three-layer and two-level transformation structure that allows the model to be switched or changed freely without changing the hardware architecture. At the same time, the corresponding instruction bundle and hardware architecture are designed in three-layer and two-level transformation structure. After quantization of Swin Transformer tiny model using 8-bit fixed points (fix_8), we implemented an overlay processor on the ZCU102. Compared to GPU, the TOP throughput is 1.5x higher. Compared to the existing Transformer accelerators, our throughput per DSP is between 2.2x and 11.7x higher than others. In a word, the approach in this paper meets the requirements of real-time AI in terms of both resource consumption and inference speed. Vis-TOP provides a cost-effective and power-effective solution based on reconfigurable devices for computer vision at the edge.      
### 36.Multi-label Classification with Partial Annotations using Class-aware Selective Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10955.pdf)
>  Large-scale multi-label classification datasets are commonly, and perhaps inevitably, partially annotated. That is, only a small subset of labels are annotated per sample. Different methods for handling the missing labels induce different properties on the model and impact its accuracy. In this work, we analyze the partial labeling problem, then propose a solution based on two key ideas. First, un-annotated labels should be treated selectively according to two probability quantities: the class distribution in the overall dataset and the specific label likelihood for a given data sample. We propose to estimate the class distribution using a dedicated temporary model, and we show its improved efficiency over a naive estimation computed using the dataset's partial annotations. Second, during the training of the target model, we emphasize the contribution of annotated labels over originally un-annotated labels by using a dedicated asymmetric loss. With our novel approach, we achieve state-of-the-art results on OpenImages dataset (e.g. reaching 87.3 mAP on V6). In addition, experiments conducted on LVIS and simulated-COCO demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Alibaba-MIIL/PartialLabelingCSL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.MOS: A Low Latency and Lightweight Framework for Face Detection, Landmark Localization, and Head Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10953.pdf)
>  With the emergence of service robots and surveillance cameras, dynamic face recognition (DFR) in wild has received much attention in recent years. Face detection and head pose estimation are two important steps for DFR. Very often, the pose is estimated after the face detection. However, such sequential computations lead to higher latency. In this paper, we propose a low latency and lightweight network for simultaneous face detection, landmark localization and head pose estimation. Inspired by the observation that it is more challenging to locate the facial landmarks for faces with large angles, a pose loss is proposed to constrain the learning. Moreover, we also propose an uncertainty multi-task loss to learn the weights of individual tasks automatically. Another challenge is that robots often use low computational units like ARM based computing core and we often need to use lightweight networks instead of the heavy ones, which lead to performance drop especially for small and hard faces. In this paper, we propose online feedback sampling to augment the training samples across different scales, which increases the diversity of training data automatically. Through validation in commonly used WIDER FACE, AFLW and AFLW2000 datasets, the results show that the proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performance in low computational resources.      
### 38.Multimodal Learning using Optimal Transport for Sarcasm and Humor Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10949.pdf)
>  Multimodal learning is an emerging yet challenging research area. In this paper, we deal with multimodal sarcasm and humor detection from conversational videos and image-text pairs. Being a fleeting action, which is reflected across the modalities, sarcasm detection is challenging since large datasets are not available for this task in the literature. Therefore, we primarily focus on resource-constrained training, where the number of training samples is limited. To this end, we propose a novel multimodal learning system, MuLOT (Multimodal Learning using Optimal Transport), which utilizes self-attention to exploit intra-modal correspondence and optimal transport for cross-modal correspondence. Finally, the modalities are combined with multimodal attention fusion to capture the inter-dependencies across modalities. We test our approach for multimodal sarcasm and humor detection on three benchmark datasets - MUStARD (video, audio, text), UR-FUNNY (video, audio, text), MST (image, text) and obtain 2.1%, 1.54%, and 2.34% accuracy improvements over state-of-the-art.      
### 39.Exploiting Inter-pixel Correlations in Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10916.pdf)
>  "Self-training" has become a dominant method for semantic segmentation via unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA). It creates a set of pseudo labels for the target domain to give explicit supervision. However, the pseudo labels are noisy, sparse and do not provide any information about inter-pixel correlations. We regard inter-pixel correlation quite important because semantic segmentation is a task of predicting highly structured pixel-level outputs. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a method of transferring the inter-pixel correlations from the source domain to the target domain via a self-attention module. The module takes the prediction of the segmentation network as an input and creates a self-attended prediction that correlates similar pixels. The module is trained only on the source domain to learn the domain-invariant inter-pixel correlations, then later, it is used to train the segmentation network on the target domain. The network learns not only from the pseudo labels but also by following the output of the self-attention module which provides additional knowledge about the inter-pixel correlations. Through extensive experiments, we show that our method significantly improves the performance on two standard UDA benchmarks and also can be combined with recent state-of-the-art method to achieve better performance.      
### 40.Single-Modal Entropy based Active Learning for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10906.pdf)
>  Constructing a large-scale labeled dataset in the real world, especially for high-level tasks (eg, Visual Question Answering), can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, with the ever-growing amounts of data and architecture complexity, Active Learning has become an important aspect of computer vision research. In this work, we address Active Learning in the multi-modal setting of Visual Question Answering (VQA). In light of the multi-modal inputs, image and question, we propose a novel method for effective sample acquisition through the use of ad hoc single-modal branches for each input to leverage its information. Our mutual information based sample acquisition strategy Single-Modal Entropic Measure (SMEM) in addition to our self-distillation technique enables the sample acquisitor to exploit all present modalities and find the most informative samples. Our novel idea is simple to implement, cost-efficient, and readily adaptable to other multi-modal tasks. We confirm our findings on various VQA datasets through state-of-the-art performance by comparing to existing Active Learning baselines.      
### 41.A Fast Location Algorithm for Very Sparse Point Clouds Based on Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10901.pdf)
>  Limited by the performance factor, it is arduous to recognize target object and locate it in Augmented Reality (AR) scenes on low-end mobile devices, especially which using monocular cameras. In this paper, we proposed an algorithm which can quickly locate the target object through image object detection in the circumstances of having very sparse feature points. We introduce YOLOv3-Tiny to our algorithm as the object detection module to filter the possible points and using Principal Component Analysis (PCA) to determine the location. We conduct the experiment in a manually designed scene by holding a smartphone and the results represent high positioning speed and accuracy of our method.      
### 42.LARNet: Latent Action Representation for Human Action Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10899.pdf)
>  We present LARNet, a novel end-to-end approach for generating human action videos. A joint generative modeling of appearance and dynamics to synthesize a video is very challenging and therefore recent works in video synthesis have proposed to decompose these two factors. However, these methods require a driving video to model the video dynamics. In this work, we propose a generative approach instead, which explicitly learns action dynamics in latent space avoiding the need of a driving video during inference. The generated action dynamics is integrated with the appearance using a recurrent hierarchical structure which induces motion at different scales to focus on both coarse as well as fine level action details. In addition, we propose a novel mix-adversarial loss function which aims at improving the temporal coherency of synthesized videos. We evaluate the proposed approach on four real-world human action datasets demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed approach in generating human actions. The code and models will be made publicly available.      
### 43.Deep Image Matting with Flexible Guidance Input  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10898.pdf)
>  Image matting is an important computer vision problem. Many existing matting methods require a hand-made trimap to provide auxiliary information, which is very expensive and limits the real world usage. Recently, some trimap-free methods have been proposed, which completely get rid of any user input. However, their performance lag far behind trimap-based methods due to the lack of guidance information. In this paper, we propose a matting method that use Flexible Guidance Input as user hint, which means our method can use trimap, scribblemap or clickmap as guidance information or even work without any guidance input. To achieve this, we propose Progressive Trimap Deformation(PTD) scheme that gradually shrink the area of the foreground and background of the trimap with the training step increases and finally become a scribblemap. To make our network robust to any user scribble and click, we randomly sample points on foreground and background and perform curve fitting. Moreover, we propose Semantic Fusion Module(SFM) which utilize the Feature Pyramid Enhancement Module(FPEM) and Joint Pyramid Upsampling(JPU) in matting task for the first time. The experiments show that our method can achieve state-of-the-art results comparing with existing trimap-based and trimap-free methods.      
### 44.Evolving Transferable Pruning Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10876.pdf)
>  Channel pruning has made major headway in the design of efficient deep learning models. Conventional approaches adopt human-made pruning functions to score channels' importance for channel pruning, which requires domain knowledge and could be sub-optimal. In this work, we propose an end-to-end framework to automatically discover strong pruning metrics. Specifically, we craft a novel design space for expressing pruning functions and leverage an evolution strategy, genetic programming, to evolve high-quality and transferable pruning functions. Unlike prior methods, our approach can not only provide compact pruned networks for efficient inference, but also novel closed-form pruning metrics that are mathematically explainable and thus generalizable to different pruning tasks. The evolution is conducted on small datasets while the learned functions are transferable to larger datasets without any manual modification. Compared to direct evolution on a large dataset, our strategy shows better cost-effectiveness. When applied to more challenging datasets, different from those used in the evolution process, e.g., ILSVRC-2012, an evolved function achieves state-of-the-art pruning results.      
### 45.Controllable and Compositional Generation with Latent-Space Energy-Based Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10873.pdf)
>  Controllable generation is one of the key requirements for successful adoption of deep generative models in real-world applications, but it still remains as a great challenge. In particular, the compositional ability to generate novel concept combinations is out of reach for most current models. In this work, we use energy-based models (EBMs) to handle compositional generation over a set of attributes. To make them scalable to high-resolution image generation, we introduce an EBM in the latent space of a pre-trained generative model such as StyleGAN. We propose a novel EBM formulation representing the joint distribution of data and attributes together, and we show how sampling from it is formulated as solving an ordinary differential equation (ODE). Given a pre-trained generator, all we need for controllable generation is to train an attribute classifier. Sampling with ODEs is done efficiently in the latent space and is robust to hyperparameters. Thus, our method is simple, fast to train, and efficient to sample. Experimental results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art in both conditional sampling and sequential editing. In compositional generation, our method excels at zero-shot generation of unseen attribute combinations. Also, by composing energy functions with logical operators, this work is the first to achieve such compositionality in generating photo-realistic images of resolution 1024x1024.      
### 46.HENet: Forcing a Network to Think More for Font Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10872.pdf)
>  Although lots of progress were made in Text Recognition/OCR in recent years, the task of font recognition is remaining challenging. The main challenge lies in the subtle difference between these similar fonts, which is hard to distinguish. This paper proposes a novel font recognizer with a pluggable module solving the font recognition task. The pluggable module hides the most discriminative accessible features and forces the network to consider other complicated features to solve the hard examples of similar fonts, called HE Block. Compared with the available public font recognition systems, our proposed method does not require any interactions at the inference stage. Extensive experiments demonstrate that HENet achieves encouraging performance, including on character-level dataset Explor_all and word-level dataset AdobeVFR      
### 47.LC3Net: Ladder context correlation complementary network for salient object detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10869.pdf)
>  Currently, existing salient object detection methods based on convolutional neural networks commonly resort to constructing discriminative networks to aggregate high level and low level features. However, contextual information is always not fully and reasonably utilized, which usually causes either the absence of useful features or contamination of redundant features. To address these issues, we propose a novel ladder context correlation complementary network (LC3Net) in this paper, which is equipped with three crucial components. At the beginning, we propose a filterable convolution block (FCB) to assist the automatic collection of information on the diversity of initial features, and it is simple yet practical. Besides, we propose a dense cross module (DCM) to facilitate the intimate aggregation of different levels of features by validly integrating semantic information and detailed information of both adjacent and non-adjacent layers. Furthermore, we propose a bidirectional compression decoder (BCD) to help the progressive shrinkage of multi-scale features from coarse to fine by leveraging multiple pairs of alternating top-down and bottom-up feature interaction flows. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our method against 16 state-of-the-art methods.      
### 48.Class-Discriminative CNN Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10864.pdf)
>  Compressing convolutional neural networks (CNNs) by pruning and distillation has received ever-increasing focus in the community. In particular, designing a class-discrimination based approach would be desired as it fits seamlessly with the CNNs training objective. In this paper, we propose class-discriminative compression (CDC), which injects class discrimination in both pruning and distillation to facilitate the CNNs training goal. We first study the effectiveness of a group of discriminant functions for channel pruning, where we include well-known single-variate binary-class statistics like Student's T-Test in our study via an intuitive generalization. We then propose a novel layer-adaptive hierarchical pruning approach, where we use a coarse class discrimination scheme for early layers and a fine one for later layers. This method naturally accords with the fact that CNNs process coarse semantics in the early layers and extract fine concepts at the later. Moreover, we leverage discriminant component analysis (DCA) to distill knowledge of intermediate representations in a subspace with rich discriminative information, which enhances hidden layers' linear separability and classification accuracy of the student. Combining pruning and distillation, CDC is evaluated on CIFAR and ILSVRC 2012, where we consistently outperform the state-of-the-art results.      
### 49.SMOF: Squeezing More Out of Filters Yields Hardware-Friendly CNN Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10842.pdf)
>  For many years, the family of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) has been a workhorse in deep learning. Recently, many novel CNN structures have been designed to address increasingly challenging tasks. To make them work efficiently on edge devices, researchers have proposed various structured network pruning strategies to reduce their memory and computational cost. However, most of them only focus on reducing the number of filter channels per layer without considering the redundancy within individual filter channels. In this work, we explore pruning from another dimension, the kernel size. We develop a CNN pruning framework called SMOF, which Squeezes More Out of Filters by reducing both kernel size and the number of filter channels. Notably, SMOF is friendly to standard hardware devices without any customized low-level implementations, and the pruning effort by kernel size reduction does not suffer from the fixed-size width constraint in SIMD units of general-purpose processors. The pruned networks can be deployed effortlessly with significant running time reduction. We also support these claims via extensive experiments on various CNN structures and general-purpose processors for mobile devices.      
### 50.A Domain Gap Aware Generative Adversarial Network for Multi-domain Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10837.pdf)
>  Recent image-to-image translation models have shown great success in mapping local textures between two domains. Existing approaches rely on a cycle-consistency constraint that supervises the generators to learn an inverse mapping. However, learning the inverse mapping introduces extra trainable parameters and it is unable to learn the inverse mapping for some domains. As a result, they are ineffective in the scenarios where (i) multiple visual image domains are involved; (ii) both structure and texture transformations are required; and (iii) semantic consistency is preserved. To solve these challenges, the paper proposes a unified model to translate images across multiple domains with significant domain gaps. Unlike previous models that constrain the generators with the ubiquitous cycle-consistency constraint to achieve the content similarity, the proposed model employs a perceptual self-regularization constraint. With a single unified generator, the model can maintain consistency over the global shapes as well as the local texture information across multiple domains. Extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations demonstrate the effectiveness and superior performance over state-of-the-art models. It is more effective in representing shape deformation in challenging mappings with significant dataset variation across multiple domains.      
### 51.HALP: Hardware-Aware Latency Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10811.pdf)
>  Structural pruning can simplify network architecture and improve inference speed. We propose Hardware-Aware Latency Pruning (HALP) that formulates structural pruning as a global resource allocation optimization problem, aiming at maximizing the accuracy while constraining latency under a predefined budget. For filter importance ranking, HALP leverages latency lookup table to track latency reduction potential and global saliency score to gauge accuracy drop. Both metrics can be evaluated very efficiently during pruning, allowing us to reformulate global structural pruning under a reward maximization problem given target constraint. This makes the problem solvable via our augmented knapsack solver, enabling HALP to surpass prior work in pruning efficacy and accuracy-efficiency trade-off. We examine HALP on both classification and detection tasks, over varying networks, on ImageNet and VOC datasets. In particular, for ResNet-50/-101 pruning on ImageNet, HALP improves network throughput by $1.60\times$/$1.90\times$ with $+0.3\%$/$-0.2\%$ top-1 accuracy changes, respectively. For SSD pruning on VOC, HALP improves throughput by $1.94\times$ with only a $0.56$ mAP drop. HALP consistently outperforms prior art, sometimes by large margins.      
### 52.Text-Based Person Search with Limited Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10807.pdf)
>  Text-based person search (TBPS) aims at retrieving a target person from an image gallery with a descriptive text query. Solving such a fine-grained cross-modal retrieval task is challenging, which is further hampered by the lack of large-scale datasets. In this paper, we present a framework with two novel components to handle the problems brought by limited data. Firstly, to fully utilize the existing small-scale benchmarking datasets for more discriminative feature learning, we introduce a cross-modal momentum contrastive learning framework to enrich the training data for a given mini-batch. Secondly, we propose to transfer knowledge learned from existing coarse-grained large-scale datasets containing image-text pairs from drastically different problem domains to compensate for the lack of TBPS training data. A transfer learning method is designed so that useful information can be transferred despite the large domain gap. Armed with these components, our method achieves new state of the art on the CUHK-PEDES dataset with significant improvements over the prior art in terms of Rank-1 and mAP. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BrandonHanx/TextReID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.Style Agnostic 3D Reconstruction via Adversarial Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10784.pdf)
>  Reconstructing the 3D geometry of an object from an image is a major challenge in computer vision. Recently introduced differentiable renderers can be leveraged to learn the 3D geometry of objects from 2D images, but those approaches require additional supervision to enable the renderer to produce an output that can be compared to the input image. This can be scene information or constraints such as object silhouettes, uniform backgrounds, material, texture, and lighting. In this paper, we propose an approach that enables a differentiable rendering-based learning of 3D objects from images with backgrounds without the need for silhouette supervision. Instead of trying to render an image close to the input, we propose an adversarial style-transfer and domain adaptation pipeline that allows to translate the input image domain to the rendered image domain. This allows us to directly compare between a translated image and the differentiable rendering of a 3D object reconstruction in order to train the 3D object reconstruction network. We show that the approach learns 3D geometry from images with backgrounds and provides a better performance than constrained methods for single-view 3D object reconstruction on this task.      
### 54.Closed-loop Feedback Registration for Consecutive Images of Moving Flexible Targets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10772.pdf)
>  Advancement of imaging techniques enables consecutive image sequences to be acquired for quality monitoring of manufacturing production lines. Registration for these image sequences is essential for in-line pattern inspection and metrology, e.g., in the printing process of flexible electronics. However, conventional image registration algorithms cannot produce accurate results when the images contain many similar and deformable patterns in the manufacturing process. Such a failure originates from a fact that the conventional algorithms only use the spatial and pixel intensity information for registration. Considering the nature of temporal continuity and consecution of the product images, in this paper, we propose a closed-loop feedback registration algorithm for matching and stitching the deformable printed patterns on a moving flexible substrate. The algorithm leverages the temporal and spatial relationships of the consecutive images and the continuity of the image sequence for fast, accurate, and robust point matching. Our experimental results show that our algorithm can find more matching point pairs with a lower root mean squared error (RMSE) compared to other state-of-the-art algorithms while offering significant improvements to running time.      
### 55.Self-Supervision and Spatial-Sequential Attention Based Loss for Multi-Person Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10734.pdf)
>  Bottom-up based multi-person pose estimation approaches use heatmaps with auxiliary predictions to estimate joint positions and belonging at one time. Recently, various combinations between auxiliary predictions and heatmaps have been proposed for higher performance, these predictions are supervised by the corresponding L2 loss function directly. However, the lack of more explicit supervision results in low features utilization and contradictions between predictions in one model. To solve these problems, this paper proposes (i) a new loss organization method which uses self-supervised heatmaps to reduce prediction contradictions and spatial-sequential attention to enhance networks' features extraction; (ii) a new combination of predictions composed by heatmaps, Part Affinity Fields (PAFs) and our block-inside offsets to fix pixel-level joints positions and further demonstrates the effectiveness of proposed loss function. Experiments are conducted on the MS COCO keypoint dataset and adopting OpenPose as the baseline model. Our method outperforms the baseline overall. On the COCO verification dataset, the mAP of OpenPose trained with our proposals outperforms the OpenPose baseline by over 5.5%.      
### 56.Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10639.pdf)
>  Deep learning approaches for semantic segmentation rely primarily on supervised learning approaches and require substantial efforts in producing pixel-level annotations. Further, such approaches may perform poorly when applied to unseen image domains. To cope with these limitations, both unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) with full source supervision but without target supervision and semi-supervised learning (SSL) with partial supervision have been proposed. While such methods are effective at aligning different feature distributions, there is still a need to efficiently exploit unlabeled data to address the performance gap with respect to fully-supervised methods. In this paper we address semi-supervised domain adaptation (SSDA) for semantic segmentation, where a large amount of labeled source data as well as a small amount of labeled target data are available. We propose a novel and effective two-step semi-supervised dual-domain adaptation (SSDDA) approach to address both cross- and intra-domain gaps in semantic segmentation. The proposed framework is comprised of two mixing modules. First, we conduct a cross-domain adaptation via an image-level mixing strategy, which learns to align the distribution shift of features between the source data and target data. Second, intra-domain adaptation is achieved using a separate student-teacher network which is built to generate category-level data augmentation by mixing unlabeled target data in a way that respects predicted object boundaries. We demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods on two common synthetic-to-real semantic segmentation benchmarks. An extensive ablation study is provided to further validate the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 57.Video Instance Segmentation by Instance Flow Assembly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10599.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation is a challenging task aiming at classifying and segmenting all object instances of specific classes. While two-stage box-based methods achieve top performances in the image domain, they cannot easily extend their superiority into the video domain. This is because they usually deal with features or images cropped from the detected bounding boxes without alignment, failing to capture pixel-level temporal consistency. We embrace the observation that bottom-up methods dealing with box-free features could offer accurate spacial correlations across frames, which can be fully utilized for object and pixel level tracking. We first propose our bottom-up framework equipped with a temporal context fusion module to better encode inter-frame correlations. Intra-frame cues for semantic segmentation and object localization are simultaneously extracted and reconstructed by corresponding decoders after a shared backbone. For efficient and robust tracking among instances, we introduce an instance-level correspondence across adjacent frames, which is represented by a center-to-center flow, termed as instance flow, to assemble messy dense temporal correspondences. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art online methods (taking image-level input) on the challenging Youtube-VIS dataset.      
### 58.Look at What I'm Doing: Self-Supervised Spatial Grounding of Narrations in Instructional Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10596.pdf)
>  We introduce the task of spatially localizing narrated interactions in videos. Key to our approach is the ability to learn to spatially localize interactions with self-supervision on a large corpus of videos with accompanying transcribed narrations. To achieve this goal, we propose a multilayer cross-modal attention network that enables effective optimization of a contrastive loss during training. We introduce a divided strategy that alternates between computing inter- and intra-modal attention across the visual and natural language modalities, which allows effective training via directly contrasting the two modalities' representations. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach by self-training on the HowTo100M instructional video dataset and evaluating on a newly collected dataset of localized described interactions in the YouCook2 dataset. We show that our approach outperforms alternative baselines, including shallow co-attention and full cross-modal attention. We also apply our approach to grounding phrases in images with weak supervision on Flickr30K and show that stacking multiple attention layers is effective and, when combined with a word-to-region loss, achieves state of the art on recall-at-one and pointing hand accuracies.      
### 59.A Learning Framework for Diffeomorphic Image Registration based on Quasi-conformal Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10580.pdf)
>  Image registration, the process of defining meaningful correspondences between images, is essential for various image analysis tasks, especially medical imaging. Numerous learning-based methods, notably convolutional neural networks (CNNs), for deformable image registration proposed in recent years have demonstrated the feasibility and superiority of deep learning techniques for registration problems. Besides, compared to traditional algorithms' optimization scheme of the objective function for each image pair, learning-based algorithms are several orders of magnitude faster. However, these data-driven methods without proper constraint on the deformation field will easily lead to topological foldings. <br>To tackle this problem, We propose the quasi-conformal registration network (QCRegNet), an unsupervised learning framework, to obtain diffeomorphic 2D image registrations with large deformations based on quasi-conformal (QC) map, an orientation-preserving homeomorphism between two manifolds. <br>The basic idea is to design a CNN mapping image pairs to deformation fields. QCRegNet consists of the estimator network and the Beltrami solver network (BSNet). The estimator network takes image pair as input and outputs the Beltrami coefficient (BC). The BC, which captures conformal distortion of a QC map and guarantees the bijectivity, will then be input to the BSNet, a task-independent network which reconstructs the desired QC map. <br>Furthermore, we reduce the number of network parameters and computational complexity by utilizing Fourier approximation to compress BC. Experiments have been carried out on different data such as underwater and medical images. Registration results show that the registration accuracy is comparable to state-of-the-art methods and diffeomorphism is to a great extent guaranteed compared to other diffeomorphic registration algorithms.      
### 60.Inference Graphs for CNN Interpretation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10568.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved superior accuracy in many visual related tasks. However, the inference process through intermediate layers is opaque, making it difficult to interpret such networks or develop trust in their operation. We propose to model the network hidden layers activity using probabilistic models. The activity patterns in layers of interest are modeled as Gaussian mixture models, and transition probabilities between clusters in consecutive modeled layers are estimated. Based on maximum-likelihood considerations, nodes and paths relevant for network prediction are chosen, connected, and visualized as an inference graph. We show that such graphs are useful for understanding the general inference process of a class, as well as explaining decisions the network makes regarding specific images.      
### 61.Few-Shot Temporal Action Localization with Query Adaptive Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10552.pdf)
>  Existing temporal action localization (TAL) works rely on a large number of training videos with exhaustive segment-level annotation, preventing them from scaling to new classes. As a solution to this problem, few-shot TAL (FS-TAL) aims to adapt a model to a new class represented by as few as a single video. Exiting FS-TAL methods assume trimmed training videos for new classes. However, this setting is not only unnatural actions are typically captured in untrimmed videos, but also ignores background video segments containing vital contextual cues for foreground action segmentation. In this work, we first propose a new FS-TAL setting by proposing to use untrimmed training videos. Further, a novel FS-TAL model is proposed which maximizes the knowledge transfer from training classes whilst enabling the model to be dynamically adapted to both the new class and each video of that class simultaneously. This is achieved by introducing a query adaptive Transformer in the model. Extensive experiments on two action localization benchmarks demonstrate that our method can outperform all the state of the art alternatives significantly in both single-domain and cross-domain scenarios. The source code can be found in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sauradip/fewshotQAT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 62.Trash or Treasure? An Interactive Dual-Stream Strategy for Single Image Reflection Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10546.pdf)
>  Single image reflection separation (SIRS), as a representative blind source separation task, aims to recover two layers, $\textit{i.e.}$, transmission and reflection, from one mixed observation, which is challenging due to the highly ill-posed nature. Existing deep learning based solutions typically restore the target layers individually, or with some concerns at the end of the output, barely taking into account the interaction across the two streams/branches. In order to utilize information more efficiently, this work presents a general yet simple interactive strategy, namely $\textit{your trash is my treasure}$ (YTMT), for constructing dual-stream decomposition networks. To be specific, we explicitly enforce the two streams to communicate with each other block-wisely. Inspired by the additive property between the two components, the interactive path can be easily built via transferring, instead of discarding, deactivated information by the ReLU rectifier from one stream to the other. Both ablation studies and experimental results on widely-used SIRS datasets are conducted to demonstrate the efficacy of YTMT, and reveal its superiority over other state-of-the-art alternatives. The implementation is quite simple and our code is publicly available at $\href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mingcv/YTMT-Strategy" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{\textit{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mingcv/YTMT-Strategy" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}$.      
### 63.Anisotropic Separable Set Abstraction for Efficient Point Cloud Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10538.pdf)
>  Access to 3D point cloud representations has been widely facilitated by LiDAR sensors embedded in various mobile devices. This has led to an emerging need for fast and accurate point cloud processing techniques. In this paper, we revisit and dive deeper into PointNet++, one of the most influential yet under-explored networks, and develop faster and more accurate variants of the model. We first present a novel Separable Set Abstraction (SA) module that disentangles the vanilla SA module used in PointNet++ into two separate learning stages: (1) learning channel correlation and (2) learning spatial correlation. The Separable SA module is significantly faster than the vanilla version, yet it achieves comparable performance. We then introduce a new Anisotropic Reduction function into our Separable SA module and propose an Anisotropic Separable SA (ASSA) module that substantially increases the network's accuracy. We later replace the vanilla SA modules in PointNet++ with the proposed ASSA module, and denote the modified network as ASSANet. Extensive experiments on point cloud classification, semantic segmentation, and part segmentation show that ASSANet outperforms PointNet++ and other methods, achieving much higher accuracy and faster speeds. In particular, ASSANet outperforms PointNet++ by $7.4$ mIoU on S3DIS Area 5, while maintaining $1.6 \times $ faster inference speed on a single NVIDIA 2080Ti GPU. Our scaled ASSANet variant achieves $66.8$ mIoU and outperforms KPConv, while being more than $54 \times$ faster.      
### 64.Improving Model Generalization by Agreement of Learned Representations from Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10536.pdf)
>  Data augmentation reduces the generalization error by forcing a model to learn invariant representations given different transformations of the input image. In computer vision, on top of the standard image processing functions, data augmentation techniques based on regional dropout such as CutOut, MixUp, and CutMix and policy-based selection such as AutoAugment demonstrated state-of-the-art (SOTA) results. With an increasing number of data augmentation algorithms being proposed, the focus is always on optimizing the input-output mapping while not realizing that there might be an untapped value in the transformed images with the same label. We hypothesize that by forcing the representations of two transformations to agree, we can further reduce the model generalization error. We call our proposed method Agreement Maximization or simply AgMax. With this simple constraint applied during training, empirical results show that data augmentation algorithms can further improve the classification accuracy of ResNet50 on ImageNet by up to 1.5%, WideResNet40-2 on CIFAR10 by up to 0.7%, WideResNet40-2 on CIFAR100 by up to 1.6%, and LeNet5 on Speech Commands Dataset by up to 1.4%. Experimental results further show that unlike other regularization terms such as label smoothing, AgMax can take advantage of the data augmentation to consistently improve model generalization by a significant margin. On downstream tasks such as object detection and segmentation on PascalVOC and COCO, AgMax pre-trained models outperforms other data augmentation methods by as much as 1.0mAP (box) and 0.5mAP (mask). Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/roatienza/agmax" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 65.AniFormer: Data-driven 3D Animation with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10533.pdf)
>  We present a novel task, i.e., animating a target 3D object through the motion of a raw driving sequence. In previous works, extra auxiliary correlations between source and target meshes or intermedia factors are inevitable to capture the motions in the driving sequences. Instead, we introduce AniFormer, a novel Transformer-based architecture, that generates animated 3D sequences by directly taking the raw driving sequences and arbitrary same-type target meshes as inputs. Specifically, we customize the Transformer architecture for 3D animation that generates mesh sequences by integrating styles from target meshes and motions from the driving meshes. Besides, instead of the conventional single regression head in the vanilla Transformer, AniFormer generates multiple frames as outputs to preserve the sequential consistency of the generated meshes. To achieve this, we carefully design a pair of regression constraints, i.e., motion and appearance constraints, that can provide strong regularization on the generated mesh sequences. Our AniFormer achieves high-fidelity, realistic, temporally coherent animated results and outperforms compared start-of-the-art methods on benchmarks of diverse categories. Code is available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mikecheninoulu/AniFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.Detecting and Identifying Optical Signal Attacks on Autonomous Driving Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10523.pdf)
>  For autonomous driving, an essential task is to detect surrounding objects accurately. To this end, most existing systems use optical devices, including cameras and light detection and ranging (LiDAR) sensors, to collect environment data in real time. In recent years, many researchers have developed advanced machine learning models to detect surrounding objects. Nevertheless, the aforementioned optical devices are vulnerable to optical signal attacks, which could compromise the accuracy of object detection. To address this critical issue, we propose a framework to detect and identify sensors that are under attack. Specifically, we first develop a new technique to detect attacks on a system that consists of three sensors. Our main idea is to: 1) use data from three sensors to obtain two versions of depth maps (i.e., disparity) and 2) detect attacks by analyzing the distribution of disparity errors. In our study, we use real data sets and the state-of-the-art machine learning model to evaluate our attack detection scheme and the results confirm the effectiveness of our detection method. Based on the detection scheme, we further develop an identification model that is capable of identifying up to n-2 attacked sensors in a system with one LiDAR and n cameras. We prove the correctness of our identification scheme and conduct experiments to show the accuracy of our identification method. Finally, we investigate the overall sensitivity of our framework.      
### 67.Event Guided Depth Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10505.pdf)
>  Active depth sensors like structured light, lidar, and time-of-flight systems sample the depth of the entire scene uniformly at a fixed scan rate. This leads to limited spatio-temporal resolution where redundant static information is over-sampled and precious motion information might be under-sampled. In this paper, we present an efficient bio-inspired event-camera-driven depth estimation algorithm. In our approach, we dynamically illuminate areas of interest densely, depending on the scene activity detected by the event camera, and sparsely illuminate areas in the field of view with no motion. The depth estimation is achieved by an event-based structured light system consisting of a laser point projector coupled with a second event-based sensor tuned to detect the reflection of the laser from the scene. We show the feasibility of our approach in a simulated autonomous driving scenario and real indoor sequences using our prototype. We show that, in natural scenes like autonomous driving and indoor environments, moving edges correspond to less than 10% of the scene on average. Thus our setup requires the sensor to scan only 10% of the scene, which could lead to almost 90% less power consumption by the illumination source. While we present the evaluation and proof-of-concept for an event-based structured-light system, the ideas presented here are applicable for a wide range of depth-sensing modalities like LIDAR, time-of-flight, and standard stereo.      
### 68.STALP: Style Transfer with Auxiliary Limited Pairing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10501.pdf)
>  We present an approach to example-based stylization of images that uses a single pair of a source image and its stylized counterpart. We demonstrate how to train an image translation network that can perform real-time semantically meaningful style transfer to a set of target images with similar content as the source image. A key added value of our approach is that it considers also consistency of target images during training. Although those have no stylized counterparts, we constrain the translation to keep the statistics of neural responses compatible with those extracted from the stylized source. In contrast to concurrent techniques that use a similar input, our approach better preserves important visual characteristics of the source style and can deliver temporally stable results without the need to explicitly handle temporal consistency. We demonstrate its practical utility on various applications including video stylization, style transfer to panoramas, faces, and 3D models.      
### 69.Deep Point Cloud Normal Estimation via Triplet Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10494.pdf)
>  Normal estimation on 3D point clouds is a fundamental problem in 3D vision and graphics. Current methods often show limited accuracy in predicting normals at sharp features (e.g., edges and corners) and less robustness to noise. In this paper, we propose a novel normal estimation method for point clouds. It consists of two phases: (a) feature encoding which learns representations of local patches, and (b) normal estimation that takes the learned representation as input and regresses the normal vector. We are motivated that local patches on isotropic and anisotropic surfaces have similar or distinct normals, and that separable features or representations can be learned to facilitate normal estimation. To realise this, we first construct triplets of local patches on 3D point cloud data, and design a triplet network with a triplet loss for feature encoding. We then design a simple network with several MLPs and a loss function to regress the normal vector. Despite having a smaller network size compared to most other methods, experimental results show that our method preserves sharp features and achieves better normal estimation results on CAD-like shapes.      
### 70.Unified Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10481.pdf)
>  Currently, it is hard to compare and evaluate different style transfer algorithms due to chaotic definitions of style and the absence of agreed objective validation methods in the study of style transfer. In this paper, a novel approach, the Unified Style Transfer (UST) model, is proposed. With the introduction of a generative model for internal style representation, UST can transfer images in two approaches, i.e., Domain-based and Image-based, simultaneously. At the same time, a new philosophy based on the human sense of art and style distributions for evaluating the transfer model is presented and demonstrated, called Statistical Style Analysis. It provides a new path to validate style transfer models' feasibility by validating the general consistency between internal style representation and art facts. Besides, the translation-invariance of AdaIN features is also discussed.      
### 71.Noisy Annotation Refinement for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10456.pdf)
>  Supervised training of object detectors requires well-annotated large-scale datasets, whose production is costly. Therefore, some efforts have been made to obtain annotations in economical ways, such as cloud sourcing. However, datasets obtained by these methods tend to contain noisy annotations such as inaccurate bounding boxes and incorrect class labels. In this study, we propose a new problem setting of training object detectors on datasets with entangled noises of annotations of class labels and bounding boxes. Our proposed method efficiently decouples the entangled noises, corrects the noisy annotations, and subsequently trains the detector using the corrected annotations. We verified the effectiveness of our proposed method and compared it with the baseline on noisy datasets with different noise levels. The experimental results show that our proposed method significantly outperforms the baseline.      
### 72.Moir Attack (MA): A New Potential Risk of Screen Photos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10444.pdf)
>  Images, captured by a camera, play a critical role in training Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). Usually, we assume the images acquired by cameras are consistent with the ones perceived by human eyes. However, due to the different physical mechanisms between human-vision and computer-vision systems, the final perceived images could be very different in some cases, for example shooting on digital monitors. In this paper, we find a special phenomenon in digital image processing, the moir effect, that could cause unnoticed security threats to DNNs. Based on it, we propose a Moir Attack (MA) that generates the physical-world moir pattern adding to the images by mimicking the shooting process of digital devices. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed digital Moir Attack (MA) is a perfect camouflage for attackers to tamper with DNNs with a high success rate ($100.0\%$ for untargeted and $97.0\%$ for targeted attack with the noise budget $\epsilon=4$), high transferability rate across different models, and high robustness under various defenses. Furthermore, MA owns great stealthiness because the moir effect is unavoidable due to the camera's inner physical structure, which therefore hardly attracts the awareness of humans. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Dantong88/Moire_Attack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 73.Depth360: Monocular Depth Estimation using Learnable Axisymmetric Camera Model for Spherical Camera Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10415.pdf)
>  Self-supervised monocular depth estimation has been widely investigated to estimate depth images and relative poses from RGB images. This framework is attractive for researchers because the depth and pose networks can be trained from just time sequence images without the need for the ground truth depth and poses. <br>In this work, we estimate the depth around a robot (360 degree view) using time sequence spherical camera images, from a camera whose parameters are unknown. We propose a learnable axisymmetric camera model which accepts distorted spherical camera images with two fisheye camera images. In addition, we trained our models with a photo-realistic simulator to generate ground truth depth images to provide supervision. Moreover, we introduced loss functions to provide floor constraints to reduce artifacts that can result from reflective floor surfaces. We demonstrate the efficacy of our method using the spherical camera images from the GO Stanford dataset and pinhole camera images from the KITTI dataset to compare our method's performance with that of baseline method in learning the camera parameters.      
### 74.ARTS: Eliminating Inconsistency between Text Detection and Recognition with Auto-Rectification Text Spotter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10405.pdf)
>  Recent approaches for end-to-end text spotting have achieved promising results. However, most of the current spotters were plagued by the inconsistency problem between text detection and recognition. In this work, we introduce and prove the existence of the inconsistency problem and analyze it from two aspects: (1) inconsistency of text recognition features between training and testing, and (2) inconsistency of optimization targets between text detection and recognition. To solve the aforementioned issues, we propose a differentiable Auto-Rectification Module (ARM) together with a new training strategy to enable propagating recognition loss back into detection branch, so that our detection branch can be jointly optimized by detection and recognition targets, which largely alleviates the inconsistency problem between text detection and recognition. Based on these designs, we present a simple yet robust end-to-end text spotting framework, termed Auto-Rectification Text Spotter (ARTS), to detect and recognize arbitrarily-shaped text in natural scenes. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our method. In particular, our ARTS-S achieves 77.1% end-to-end text spotting F-measure on Total-Text at a competitive speed of 10.5 FPS, which significantly outperforms previous methods in both accuracy and inference speed.      
### 75.3DFaceFill: An Analysis-By-Synthesis Approach to Face Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10395.pdf)
>  Existing face completion solutions are primarily driven by end-to-end models that directly generate 2D completions of 2D masked faces. By having to implicitly account for geometric and photometric variations in facial shape and appearance, such approaches result in unrealistic completions, especially under large variations in pose, shape, illumination and mask sizes. To alleviate these limitations, we introduce 3DFaceFill, an analysis-by-synthesis approach for face completion that explicitly considers the image formation process. It comprises three components, (1) an encoder that disentangles the face into its constituent 3D mesh, 3D pose, illumination and albedo factors, (2) an autoencoder that inpaints the UV representation of facial albedo, and (3) a renderer that resynthesizes the completed face. By operating on the UV representation, 3DFaceFill affords the power of correspondence and allows us to naturally enforce geometrical priors (e.g. facial symmetry) more effectively. Quantitatively, 3DFaceFill improves the state-of-the-art by up to 4dB higher PSNR and 25% better LPIPS for large masks. And, qualitatively, it leads to demonstrably more photorealistic face completions over a range of masks and occlusions while preserving consistency in global and component-wise shape, pose, illumination and eye-gaze.      
### 76.Does Data Repair Lead to Fair Models? Curating Contextually Fair Data To Reduce Model Bias  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10389.pdf)
>  Contextual information is a valuable cue for Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to learn better representations and improve accuracy. However, co-occurrence bias in the training dataset may hamper a DNN model's generalizability to unseen scenarios in the real world. For example, in COCO, many object categories have a much higher co-occurrence with men compared to women, which can bias a DNN's prediction in favor of men. Recent works have focused on task-specific training strategies to handle bias in such scenarios, but fixing the available data is often ignored. In this paper, we propose a novel and more generic solution to address the contextual bias in the datasets by selecting a subset of the samples, which is fair in terms of the co-occurrence with various classes for a protected attribute. We introduce a data repair algorithm using the coefficient of variation, which can curate fair and contextually balanced data for a protected class(es). This helps in training a fair model irrespective of the task, architecture or training methodology. Our proposed solution is simple, effective, and can even be used in an active learning setting where the data labels are not present or being generated incrementally. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm for the task of object detection and multi-label image classification across different datasets. Through a series of experiments, we validate that curating contextually fair data helps make model predictions fair by balancing the true positive rate for the protected class across groups without compromising on the model's overall performance.      
### 77.Repaint: Improving the Generalization of Down-Stream Visual Tasks by Generating Multiple Instances of Training Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10366.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for visual tasks are believed to learn both the low-level textures and high-level object attributes, throughout the network depth. This paper further investigates the `texture bias' in CNNs. To this end, we regenerate multiple instances of training examples from each original image, through a process we call `repainting'. The repainted examples preserve the shape and structure of the regions and objects within the scenes, but diversify their texture and color. Our method can regenerate a same image at different daylight, season, or weather conditions, can have colorization or de-colorization effects, or even bring back some texture information from blacked-out areas. The in-place repaint allows us to further use these repainted examples for improving the generalization of CNNs. Through an extensive set of experiments, we demonstrate the usefulness of the repainted examples in training, for the tasks of image classification (ImageNet) and object detection (COCO), over several state-of-the-art network architectures at different capacities, and across different data availability regimes.      
### 78.NOD: Taking a Closer Look at Detection under Extreme Low-Light Conditions with Night Object Detection Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10364.pdf)
>  Recent work indicates that, besides being a challenge in producing perceptually pleasing images, low light proves more difficult for machine cognition than previously thought. In our work, we take a closer look at object detection in low light. First, to support the development and evaluation of new methods in this domain, we present a high-quality large-scale Night Object Detection (NOD) dataset showing dynamic scenes captured on the streets at night. Next, we directly link the lighting conditions to perceptual difficulty and identify what makes low light problematic for machine cognition. Accordingly, we provide instance-level annotation for a subset of the dataset for an in-depth evaluation of future methods. We also present an analysis of the baseline model performance to highlight opportunities for future research and show that low light is a non-trivial problem that requires special attention from the researchers. Further, to address the issues caused by low light, we propose to incorporate an image enhancement module into the object detection framework and two novel data augmentation techniques. Our image enhancement module is trained under the guidance of the object detector to learn image representation optimal for machine cognition rather than for the human visual system. Finally, experimental results confirm that the proposed method shows consistent improvement of the performance on low-light datasets.      
### 79.Dynamic Multi-Person Mesh Recovery From Uncalibrated Multi-View Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10355.pdf)
>  Dynamic multi-person mesh recovery has been a hot topic in 3D vision recently. However, few works focus on the multi-person motion capture from uncalibrated cameras, which mainly faces two challenges: the one is that inter-person interactions and occlusions introduce inherent ambiguities for both camera calibration and motion capture; The other is that a lack of dense correspondences can be used to constrain sparse camera geometries in a dynamic multi-person scene. Our key idea is incorporating motion prior knowledge into simultaneous optimization of extrinsic camera parameters and human meshes from noisy human semantics. First, we introduce a physics-geometry consistency to reduce the low and high frequency noises of the detected human semantics. Then a novel latent motion prior is proposed to simultaneously optimize extrinsic camera parameters and coherent human motions from slightly noisy inputs. Experimental results show that accurate camera parameters and human motions can be obtained through one-stage optimization. The codes will be publicly available at~\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.yangangwang.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 80.Contextual Gradient Scaling for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10353.pdf)
>  Model-agnostic meta-learning (MAML) is a well-known optimization-based meta-learning algorithm that works well in various computer vision tasks, e.g., few-shot classification. MAML is to learn an initialization so that a model can adapt to a new task in a few steps. However, since the gradient norm of a classifier (head) is much bigger than those of backbone layers, the model focuses on learning the decision boundary of the classifier with similar representations. Furthermore, gradient norms of high-level layers are small than those of the other layers. So, the backbone of MAML usually learns task-generic features, which results in deteriorated adaptation performance in the inner-loop. To resolve or mitigate this problem, we propose contextual gradient scaling (CxGrad), which scales gradient norms of the backbone to facilitate learning task-specific knowledge in the inner-loop. Since the scaling factors are generated from task-conditioned parameters, gradient norms of the backbone can be scaled in a task-wise fashion. Experimental results show that CxGrad effectively encourages the backbone to learn task-specific knowledge in the inner-loop and improves the performance of MAML up to a significant margin in both same- and cross-domain few-shot classification.      
### 81.GTM: Gray Temporal Model for Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10348.pdf)
>  Data input modality plays an important role in video action recognition. Normally, there are three types of input: RGB, flow stream and compressed data. In this paper, we proposed a new input modality: gray stream. Specifically, taken the stacked consecutive 3 gray images as input, which is the same size of RGB, can not only skip the conversion process from video decoding data to RGB, but also improve the spatio-temporal modeling ability at zero computation and zero parameters. Meanwhile, we proposed a 1D Identity Channel-wise Spatio-temporal Convolution(1D-ICSC) which captures the temporal relationship at channel-feature level within a controllable computation budget(by parameters G &amp; R). Finally, we confirm its effectiveness and efficiency on several action recognition benchmarks, such as Kinetics, Something-Something, HMDB-51 and UCF-101, and achieve impressive results.      
### 82.EBJR: Energy-Based Joint Reasoning for Adaptive Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10343.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art deep learning models have achieved significant performance levels on various benchmarks. However, the excellent performance comes at a cost of inefficient computational cost. Light-weight architectures, on the other hand, achieve moderate accuracies, but at a much more desirable latency. This paper presents a new method of jointly using the large accurate models together with the small fast ones. To this end, we propose an Energy-Based Joint Reasoning (EBJR) framework that adaptively distributes the samples between shallow and deep models to achieve an accuracy close to the deep model, but latency close to the shallow one. Our method is applicable to out-of-the-box pre-trained models as it does not require an architecture change nor re-training. Moreover, it is easy to use and deploy, especially for cloud services. Through a comprehensive set of experiments on different down-stream tasks, we show that our method outperforms strong state-of-the-art approaches with a considerable margin. In addition, we propose specialized EBJR, an extension of our method where we create a smaller specialized side model that performs the target task only partially, but yields an even higher accuracy and faster inference. We verify the strengths of our methods with both theoretical and experimental evaluations.      
### 83.Simpler Does It: Generating Semantic Labels with Objectness Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10335.pdf)
>  Existing weakly or semi-supervised semantic segmentation methods utilize image or box-level supervision to generate pseudo-labels for weakly labeled images. However, due to the lack of strong supervision, the generated pseudo-labels are often noisy near the object boundaries, which severely impacts the network's ability to learn strong representations. To address this problem, we present a novel framework that generates pseudo-labels for training images, which are then used to train a segmentation model. To generate pseudo-labels, we combine information from: (i) a class agnostic objectness network that learns to recognize object-like regions, and (ii) either image-level or bounding box annotations. We show the efficacy of our approach by demonstrating how the objectness network can naturally be leveraged to generate object-like regions for unseen categories. We then propose an end-to-end multi-task learning strategy, that jointly learns to segment semantics and objectness using the generated pseudo-labels. Extensive experiments demonstrate the high quality of our generated pseudo-labels and effectiveness of the proposed framework in a variety of domains. Our approach achieves better or competitive performance compared to existing weakly-supervised and semi-supervised methods.      
### 84.Toward Accurate and Reliable Iris Segmentation Using Uncertainty Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10334.pdf)
>  As an upstream task of iris recognition, iris segmentation plays a vital role in multiple subsequent tasks, including localization and matching. A slight bias in iris segmentation often results in obvious performance degradation of the iris recognition system. In the paper, we propose an Iris U-transformer (IrisUsformer) for accurate and reliable iris segmentation. For better accuracy, we elaborately design IrisUsformer by adopting position-sensitive operation and re-packaging transformer block to raise the spatial perception ability of the model. For better reliability, IrisUsformer utilizes an auxiliary head to distinguishes the high- and low-uncertainty regions of segmentation predictions and then adopts a weighting scheme to guide model optimization. Experimental results on three publicly available databases demonstrate that IrisUsformer achieves better segmentation accuracy using 35% MACs of the SOTA IrisParseNet. More importantly, our method estimates the uncertainty map corresponding to the segmentation prediction for subsequent processing in iris recognition systems.      
### 85.Constrained Mean Shift for Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10309.pdf)
>  We are interested in representation learning from labeled or unlabeled data. Inspired by recent success of self-supervised learning (SSL), we develop a non-contrastive representation learning method that can exploit additional knowledge. This additional knowledge may come from annotated labels in the supervised setting or an SSL model from another modality in the SSL setting. Our main idea is to generalize the mean-shift algorithm by constraining the search space of nearest neighbors, resulting in semantically purer representations. Our method simply pulls the embedding of an instance closer to its nearest neighbors in a search space that is constrained using the additional knowledge. By leveraging this non-contrastive loss, we show that the supervised ImageNet-1k pretraining with our method results in better transfer performance as compared to the baselines. Further, we demonstrate that our method is relatively robust to label noise. Finally, we show that it is possible to use the noisy constraint across modalities to train self-supervised video models.      
### 86.Momentum Contrastive Autoencoder: Using Contrastive Learning for Latent Space Distribution Matching in WAE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10303.pdf)
>  Wasserstein autoencoder (WAE) shows that matching two distributions is equivalent to minimizing a simple autoencoder (AE) loss under the constraint that the latent space of this AE matches a pre-specified prior distribution. This latent space distribution matching is a core component of WAE, and a challenging task. In this paper, we propose to use the contrastive learning framework that has been shown to be effective for self-supervised representation learning, as a means to resolve this problem. We do so by exploiting the fact that contrastive learning objectives optimize the latent space distribution to be uniform over the unit hyper-sphere, which can be easily sampled from. We show that using the contrastive learning framework to optimize the WAE loss achieves faster convergence and more stable optimization compared with existing popular algorithms for WAE. This is also reflected in the FID scores on CelebA and CIFAR-10 datasets, and the realistic generated image quality on the CelebA-HQ dataset.      
### 87.On Coordinate Decoding for Keypoint Estimation Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10289.pdf)
>  A series of 2D (and 3D) keypoint estimation tasks are built upon heatmap coordinate representation, i.e. a probability map that allows for learnable and spatially aware encoding and decoding of keypoint coordinates on grids, even allowing for sub-pixel coordinate accuracy. In this report, we aim to reproduce the findings of DARK that investigated the 2D heatmap representation by highlighting the importance of the encoding of the ground truth heatmap and the decoding of the predicted heatmap to keypoint coordinates. The authors claim that a) a more principled distribution-aware coordinate decoding method overcomes the limitations of the standard techniques widely used in the literature, and b), that the reconstruction of heatmaps from ground-truth coordinates by generating accurate and continuous heatmap distributions lead to unbiased model training, contrary to the standard coordinate encoding process that quantizes the keypoint coordinates on the resolution of the input image grid.      
### 88.Fine-Grained Control of Artistic Styles in Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10278.pdf)
>  Recent advances in generative models and adversarial training have enabled artificially generating artworks in various artistic styles. It is highly desirable to gain more control over the generated style in practice. However, artistic styles are unlike object categories -- there are a continuous spectrum of styles distinguished by subtle differences. Few works have been explored to capture the continuous spectrum of styles and apply it to a style generation task. In this paper, we propose to achieve this by embedding original artwork examples into a continuous style space. The style vectors are fed to the generator and discriminator to achieve fine-grained control. Our method can be used with common generative adversarial networks (such as StyleGAN). Experiments show that our method not only precisely controls the fine-grained artistic style but also improves image quality over vanilla StyleGAN as measured by FID.      
### 89.Early- and in-season crop type mapping without current-year ground truth: generating labels from historical information via a topology-based approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10275.pdf)
>  Land cover classification in remote sensing is often faced with the challenge of limited ground truth. Incorporating historical information has the potential to significantly lower the expensive cost associated with collecting ground truth and, more importantly, enable early- and in-season mapping that is helpful to many pre-harvest decisions. In this study, we propose a new approach that can effectively transfer knowledge about the topology (i.e. relative position) of different crop types in the spectral feature space (e.g. the histogram of SWIR1 vs RDEG1 bands) to generate labels, thereby support crop classification in a different year. Importantly, our approach does not attempt to transfer classification decision boundaries that are susceptible to inter-annual variations of weather and management, but relies on the more robust and shift-invariant topology information. We tested this approach for mapping corn/soybeans in the US Midwest and paddy rice/corn/soybeans in Northeast China using Landsat-8 and Sentinel-2 data. Results show that our approach automatically generates high-quality labels for crops in the target year immediately after each image becomes available. Based on these generated labels from our approach, the subsequent crop type mapping using a random forest classifier reach the F1 score as high as 0.887 for corn as early as the silking stage and 0.851 for soybean as early as the flowering stage and the overall accuracy of 0.873 in Iowa. In Northeast China, F1 scores of paddy rice, corn and soybeans and the overall accuracy can exceed 0.85 two and half months ahead of harvest. Overall, these results highlight unique advantages of our approach in transferring historical knowledge and maximizing the timeliness of crop maps. Our approach supports a general paradigm shift towards learning transferrable and generalizable knowledge to facilitate land cover classification.      
### 90.1st Place Solution for the UVO Challenge on Image-based Open-World Segmentation 2021  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10239.pdf)
>  We describe our two-stage instance segmentation framework we use to compete in the challenge. The first stage of our framework consists of an object detector, which generates object proposals in the format of bounding boxes. Then, the images and the detected bounding boxes are fed to the second stage, where a segmentation network is applied to segment the objects in the bounding boxes. We train all our networks in a class-agnostic way. Our approach achieves the first place in the UVO 2021 Image-based Open-World Segmentation Challenge.      
### 91.Learning Equivariances and Partial Equivariances from Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10211.pdf)
>  Group equivariant Convolutional Neural Networks (G-CNNs) constrain features to respect the chosen symmetries, and lead to better generalization when these symmetries appear in the data. However, if the chosen symmetries are not present, group equivariant architectures lead to overly constrained models and worse performance. Frequently, the distribution of the data can be better represented by a subset of a group than by the group as a whole, e.g., rotations in $[-90^{\circ}, 90^{\circ}]$. In such cases, a model that respects equivariance partially is better suited to represent the data. Moreover, relevant symmetries may differ for low and high-level features, e.g., edge orientations in a face, and face poses relative to the camera. As a result, the optimal level of equivariance may differ per layer. In this work, we introduce Partial G-CNNs: a family of equivariant networks able to learn partial and full equivariances from data at every layer end-to-end. Partial G-CNNs retain full equivariance whenever beneficial, e.g., for rotated MNIST, but are able to restrict it whenever it becomes harmful, e.g., for 6~/~9 or natural image classification. Partial G-CNNs perform on par with G-CNNs when full equivariance is necessary, and outperform them otherwise. Our method is applicable to discrete groups, continuous groups and combinations thereof.      
### 92.Come Again? Re-Query in Referring Expression Comprehension  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10206.pdf)
>  To build a shared perception of the world, humans rely on the ability to resolve misunderstandings by requesting and accepting clarifications. However, when evaluating visiolinguistic models, metrics such as accuracy enforce the assumption that a decision must be made based on a single piece of evidence. In this work, we relax this assumption for the task of referring expression comprehension by allowing the model to request help when its confidence is low. We consider two ways in which this help can be provided: multimodal re-query, where the user is allowed to point or click to provide additional information to the model, and rephrase re-query, where the user is only allowed to provide another referring expression. We demonstrate the importance of re-query by showing that providing the best referring expression for all objects can increase accuracy by up to 21.9% and that this accuracy can be matched by re-querying only 12% of initial referring expressions. We further evaluate re-query functions for both multimodal and rephrase re-query across three modern approaches and demonstrate combined replacement for rephrase re-query, which improves average single-query performance by up to 6.5% and converges to as close as 1.6% of the upper bound of single-query performance.      
### 93.CoFi: Coarse-to-Fine ICP for LiDAR Localization in an Efficient Long-lasting Point Cloud Map  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10194.pdf)
>  LiDAR odometry and localization has attracted increasing research interest in recent years. In the existing works, iterative closest point (ICP) is widely used since it is precise and efficient. Due to its non-convexity and its local iterative strategy, however, ICP-based method easily falls into local optima, which in turn calls for a precise initialization. In this paper, we propose CoFi, a Coarse-to-Fine ICP algorithm for LiDAR localization. Specifically, the proposed algorithm down-samples the input point sets under multiple voxel resolution, and gradually refines the transformation from the coarse point sets to the fine-grained point sets. In addition, we propose a map based LiDAR localization algorithm that extracts semantic feature points from the LiDAR frames and apply CoFi to estimate the pose on an efficient point cloud map. With the help of the Cylinder3D algorithm for LiDAR scan semantic segmentation, the proposed CoFi localization algorithm demonstrates the state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI odometry benchmark, with significant improvement over the literature.      
### 94.Cascaded Cross MLP-Mixer GANs for Cross-View Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10183.pdf)
>  It is hard to generate an image at target view well for previous cross-view image translation methods that directly adopt a simple encoder-decoder or U-Net structure, especially for drastically different views and severe deformation cases. To ease this problem, we propose a novel two-stage framework with a new Cascaded Cross MLP-Mixer (CrossMLP) sub-network in the first stage and one refined pixel-level loss in the second stage. In the first stage, the CrossMLP sub-network learns the latent transformation cues between image code and semantic map code via our novel CrossMLP blocks. Then the coarse results are generated progressively under the guidance of those cues. Moreover, in the second stage, we design a refined pixel-level loss that eases the noisy semantic label problem with more reasonable regularization in a more compact fashion for better optimization. Extensive experimental results on Dayton~\cite{vo2016localizing} and CVUSA~\cite{workman2015wide} datasets show that our method can generate significantly better results than state-of-the-art methods. The source code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Amazingren/CrossMLP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 95.Hand-Object Contact Prediction via Motion-Based Pseudo-Labeling and Guided Progressive Label Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10174.pdf)
>  Every hand-object interaction begins with contact. Despite predicting the contact state between hands and objects is useful in understanding hand-object interactions, prior methods on hand-object analysis have assumed that the interacting hands and objects are known, and were not studied in detail. In this study, we introduce a video-based method for predicting contact between a hand and an object. Specifically, given a video and a pair of hand and object tracks, we predict a binary contact state (contact or no-contact) for each frame. However, annotating a large number of hand-object tracks and contact labels is costly. To overcome the difficulty, we propose a semi-supervised framework consisting of (i) automatic collection of training data with motion-based pseudo-labels and (ii) guided progressive label correction (gPLC), which corrects noisy pseudo-labels with a small amount of trusted data. We validated our framework's effectiveness on a newly built benchmark dataset for hand-object contact prediction and showed superior performance against existing baseline methods. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/takumayagi/hand_object_contact_prediction" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 96.A Fine-Grained Analysis on Distribution Shift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11328.pdf)
>  Robustness to distribution shifts is critical for deploying machine learning models in the real world. Despite this necessity, there has been little work in defining the underlying mechanisms that cause these shifts and evaluating the robustness of algorithms across multiple, different distribution shifts. To this end, we introduce a framework that enables fine-grained analysis of various distribution shifts. We provide a holistic analysis of current state-of-the-art methods by evaluating 19 distinct methods grouped into five categories across both synthetic and real-world datasets. Overall, we train more than 85K models. Our experimental framework can be easily extended to include new methods, shifts, and datasets. We find, unlike previous work~\citep{Gulrajani20}, that progress has been made over a standard ERM baseline; in particular, pretraining and augmentations (learned or heuristic) offer large gains in many cases. However, the best methods are not consistent over different datasets and shifts.      
### 97.CLOOB: Modern Hopfield Networks with InfoLOOB Outperform CLIP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11316.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning with the InfoNCE objective is exceptionally successful in various self-supervised learning tasks. Recently, the CLIP model yielded impressive results on zero-shot transfer learning when using InfoNCE for learning visual representations from natural language supervision. However, InfoNCE as a lower bound on the mutual information has been shown to perform poorly for high mutual information. In contrast, the InfoLOOB upper bound (leave one out bound) works well for high mutual information but suffers from large variance and instabilities. We introduce "Contrastive Leave One Out Boost" (CLOOB), where modern Hopfield networks boost learning with the InfoLOOB objective. Modern Hopfield networks replace the original embeddings by retrieved embeddings in the InfoLOOB objective. The retrieved embeddings give InfoLOOB two assets. Firstly, the retrieved embeddings stabilize InfoLOOB, since they are less noisy and more similar to one another than the original embeddings. Secondly, they are enriched by correlations, since the covariance structure of embeddings is reinforced through retrievals. We compare CLOOB to CLIP after learning on the Conceptual Captions and the YFCC dataset with respect to their zero-shot transfer learning performance on other datasets. CLOOB consistently outperforms CLIP at zero-shot transfer learning across all considered architectures and datasets.      
### 98.Center Loss Regularization for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11314.pdf)
>  The ability to learn different tasks sequentially is essential to the development of artificial intelligence. In general, neural networks lack this capability, the major obstacle being catastrophic forgetting. It occurs when the incrementally available information from non-stationary data distributions is continually acquired, disrupting what the model has already learned. Our approach remembers old tasks by projecting the representations of new tasks close to that of old tasks while keeping the decision boundaries unchanged. We employ the center loss as a regularization penalty that enforces new tasks' features to have the same class centers as old tasks and makes the features highly discriminative. This, in turn, leads to the least forgetting of already learned information. This method is easy to implement, requires minimal computational and memory overhead, and allows the neural network to maintain high performance across many sequentially encountered tasks. We also demonstrate that using the center loss in conjunction with the memory replay outperforms other replay-based strategies. Along with standard MNIST variants for continual learning, we apply our method to continual domain adaptation scenarios with the Digits and PACS datasets. We demonstrate that our approach is scalable, effective, and gives competitive performance compared to state-of-the-art continual learning methods.      
### 99.One Representative-Shot Learning Using a Population-Driven Template with Application to Brain Connectivity Classification and Evolution Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11238.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning presents a challenging paradigm for training discriminative models on a few training samples representing the target classes to discriminate. However, classification methods based on deep learning are ill-suited for such learning as they need large amounts of training data --let alone one-shot learning. Recently, graph neural networks (GNNs) have been introduced to the field of network neuroscience, where the brain connectivity is encoded in a graph. However, with scarce neuroimaging datasets particularly for rare diseases and low-resource clinical facilities, such data-devouring architectures might fail in learning the target task. In this paper, we take a very different approach in training GNNs, where we aim to learn with one sample and achieve the best performance --a formidable challenge to tackle. Specifically, we present the first one-shot paradigm where a GNN is trained on a single population-driven template --namely a connectional brain template (CBT). A CBT is a compact representation of a population of brain graphs capturing the unique connectivity patterns shared across individuals. It is analogous to brain image atlases for neuroimaging datasets. Using a one-representative CBT as a training sample, we alleviate the training load of GNN models while boosting their performance across a variety of classification and regression tasks. We demonstrate that our method significantly outperformed benchmark one-shot learning methods with downstream classification and time-dependent brain graph data forecasting tasks while competing with the train-on-all conventional training strategy. Our source code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/basiralab/one-representative-shot-learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 100.Recurrent Brain Graph Mapper for Predicting Time-Dependent Brain Graph Evaluation Trajectory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11237.pdf)
>  Several brain disorders can be detected by observing alterations in the brain's structural and functional connectivities. Neurological findings suggest that early diagnosis of brain disorders, such as mild cognitive impairment (MCI), can prevent and even reverse its development into Alzheimer's disease (AD). In this context, recent studies aimed to predict the evolution of brain connectivities over time by proposing machine learning models that work on brain images. However, such an approach is costly and time-consuming. Here, we propose to use brain connectivities as a more efficient alternative for time-dependent brain disorder diagnosis by regarding the brain as instead a large interconnected graph characterizing the interconnectivity scheme between several brain regions. We term our proposed method Recurrent Brain Graph Mapper (RBGM), a novel efficient edge-based recurrent graph neural network that predicts the time-dependent evaluation trajectory of a brain graph from a single baseline. Our RBGM contains a set of recurrent neural network-inspired mappers for each time point, where each mapper aims to project the ground-truth brain graph onto its next time point. We leverage the teacher forcing method to boost training and improve the evolved brain graph quality. To maintain the topological consistency between the predicted brain graphs and their corresponding ground-truth brain graphs at each time point, we further integrate a topological loss. We also use l1 loss to capture time-dependency and minimize the distance between the brain graph at consecutive time points for regularization. Benchmarks against several variants of RBGM and state-of-the-art methods prove that we can achieve the same accuracy in predicting brain graph evolution more efficiently, paving the way for novel graph neural network architecture and a highly efficient training scheme.      
### 101.DAIR: Data Augmented Invariant Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11205.pdf)
>  While deep learning through empirical risk minimization (ERM) has succeeded at achieving human-level performance at a variety of complex tasks, ERM generalizes poorly to distribution shift. This is partly explained by overfitting to spurious features such as background in images or named entities in natural language. Synthetic data augmentation followed by empirical risk minimization (DA-ERM) is a simple yet powerful solution to remedy this problem. In this paper, we propose data augmented invariant regularization (DAIR). The idea of DAIR is based on the observation that the model performance (loss) is desired to be consistent on the augmented sample and the original one. DAIR introduces a regularizer on DA-ERM to penalize such loss inconsistency. Both theoretically and through empirical experiments, we show that a particular form of the DAIR regularizer consistently performs well in a variety of settings. We apply it to multiple real-world learning problems involving domain shift, namely robust regression, visual question answering, robust deep neural network training, and task-oriented dialog modeling. Our experiments show that DAIR consistently outperforms ERM and DA-ERM with little marginal cost and setting new state-of-the-art results in several benchmarks.      
### 102.On Hard Episodes in Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11190.pdf)
>  Existing meta-learners primarily focus on improving the average task accuracy across multiple episodes. Different episodes, however, may vary in hardness and quality leading to a wide gap in the meta-learner's performance across episodes. Understanding this issue is particularly critical in industrial few-shot settings, where there is limited control over test episodes as they are typically uploaded by end-users. In this paper, we empirically analyse the behaviour of meta-learners on episodes of varying hardness across three standard benchmark datasets: CIFAR-FS, mini-ImageNet, and tiered-ImageNet. Surprisingly, we observe a wide gap in accuracy of around 50% between the hardest and easiest episodes across all the standard benchmarks and meta-learners. We additionally investigate various properties of hard episodes and highlight their connection to catastrophic forgetting during meta-training. To address the issue of sub-par performance on hard episodes, we investigate and benchmark different meta-training strategies based on adversarial training and curriculum learning. We find that adversarial training strategies are much more powerful than curriculum learning in improving the prediction performance on hard episodes.      
### 103.Self-Supervised Visual Representation Learning Using Lightweight Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11160.pdf)
>  In self-supervised learning, a model is trained to solve a pretext task, using a data set whose annotations are created by a machine. The objective is to transfer the trained weights to perform a downstream task in the target domain. We critically examine the most notable pretext tasks to extract features from image data and further go on to conduct experiments on resource constrained networks, which aid faster experimentation and deployment. We study the performance of various self-supervised techniques keeping all other parameters uniform. We study the patterns that emerge by varying model type, size and amount of pre-training done for the backbone as well as establish a standard to compare against for future research. We also conduct comprehensive studies to understand the quality of representations learned by different architectures.      
### 104.Dual Encoding U-Net for Spatio-Temporal Domain Shift Frame Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11140.pdf)
>  The landscape of city-wide mobility behaviour has altered significantly over the past 18 months. The ability to make accurate and reliable predictions on such behaviour has likewise changed drastically with COVID-19 measures impacting how populations across the world interact with the different facets of mobility. This raises the question: "How does one use an abundance of pre-covid mobility data to make predictions on future behaviour in a present/post-covid environment?" This paper seeks to address this question by introducing an approach for traffic frame prediction using a lightweight Dual-Encoding U-Net built using only 12 Convolutional layers that incorporates a novel approach to skip-connections between Convolutional LSTM layers. This approach combined with an intuitive handling of training data can model both a temporal and spatio-temporal domain shift (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://gitlab.com/alchera/alchera-traffic4cast-2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>).      
### 105.Towards Reducing Aleatoric Uncertainty for Medical Imaging Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11012.pdf)
>  In safety-critical applications like medical diagnosis, certainty associated with a model's prediction is just as important as its accuracy. Consequently, uncertainty estimation and reduction play a crucial role. Uncertainty in predictions can be attributed to noise or randomness in data (aleatoric) and incorrect model inferences (epistemic). While model uncertainty can be reduced with more data or bigger models, aleatoric uncertainty is more intricate. This work proposes a novel approach that interprets data uncertainty estimated from a self-supervised task as noise inherent to the data and utilizes it to reduce aleatoric uncertainty in another task related to the same dataset via data augmentation. The proposed method was evaluated on a benchmark medical imaging dataset with image reconstruction as the self-supervised task and segmentation as the image analysis task. Our findings demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach in significantly reducing the aleatoric uncertainty in the image segmentation task while achieving better or on-par performance compared to the standard augmentation techniques.      
### 106.Memory Efficient Adaptive Attention For Multiple Domain Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10969.pdf)
>  Training CNNs from scratch on new domains typically demands large numbers of labeled images and computations, which is not suitable for low-power hardware. One way to reduce these requirements is to modularize the CNN architecture and freeze the weights of the heavier modules, that is, the lower layers after pre-training. Recent studies have proposed alternative modular architectures and schemes that lead to a reduction in the number of trainable parameters needed to match the accuracy of fully fine-tuned CNNs on new domains. Our work suggests that a further reduction in the number of trainable parameters by an order of magnitude is possible. Furthermore, we propose that new modularization techniques for multiple domain learning should also be compared on other realistic metrics, such as the number of interconnections needed between the fixed and trainable modules, the number of training samples needed, the order of computations required and the robustness to partial mislabeling of the training data. On all of these criteria, the proposed architecture demonstrates advantages over or matches the current state-of-the-art.      
### 107.2020 CATARACTS Semantic Segmentation Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10965.pdf)
>  Surgical scene segmentation is essential for anatomy and instrument localization which can be further used to assess tissue-instrument interactions during a surgical procedure. In 2017, the Challenge on Automatic Tool Annotation for cataRACT Surgery (CATARACTS) released 50 cataract surgery videos accompanied by instrument usage annotations. These annotations included frame-level instrument presence information. In 2020, we released pixel-wise semantic annotations for anatomy and instruments for 4670 images sampled from 25 videos of the CATARACTS training set. The 2020 CATARACTS Semantic Segmentation Challenge, which was a sub-challenge of the 2020 MICCAI Endoscopic Vision (EndoVis) Challenge, presented three sub-tasks to assess participating solutions on anatomical structure and instrument segmentation. Their performance was assessed on a hidden test set of 531 images from 10 videos of the CATARACTS test set.      
### 108.Autonomous Dimension Reduction by Flattening Deformation of Data Manifold under an Intrinsic Deforming Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10938.pdf)
>  A new dimension reduction (DR) method for data sets is proposed by autonomous deforming of data manifolds. The deformation is guided by the proposed deforming vector field, which is defined by two kinds of virtual interactions between data points. The flattening of data manifold is achieved as an emergent behavior under the elastic and repelling interactions between data points, meanwhile the topological structure of the manifold is preserved. To overcome the uneven sampling (or "short-cut edge") problem, the soft neighborhood is proposed, in which the neighbor degree is defined and adaptive interactions between neighbor points is implemented. The proposed method provides a novel geometric viewpoint on dimension reduction. Experimental results prove the effectiveness of the proposed method in dimension reduction, and implicit feature of data sets may also be revealed.      
### 109.CATRO: Channel Pruning via Class-Aware Trace Ratio Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10921.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks are shown to be overkill with high parametric and computational redundancy in many application scenarios, and an increasing number of works have explored model pruning to obtain lightweight and efficient networks. However, most existing pruning approaches are driven by empirical heuristics and rarely consider the joint impact of channels, leading to unguaranteed and suboptimal performance. In this paper, we propose a novel channel pruning method via class-aware trace ratio optimization (CATRO) to reduce the computational burden and accelerate the model inference. Utilizing class information from a few samples, CATRO measures the joint impact of multiple channels by feature space discriminations and consolidates the layer-wise impact of preserved channels. By formulating channel pruning as a submodular set function maximization problem, CATRO solves it efficiently via a two-stage greedy iterative optimization procedure. More importantly, we present theoretical justifications on convergence and performance of CATRO. Experimental results demonstrate that CATRO achieves higher accuracy with similar computation cost or lower computation cost with similar accuracy than other state-of-the-art channel pruning algorithms. In addition, because of its class-aware property, CATRO is suitable to prune efficient networks adaptively for various classification subtasks, enhancing handy deployment and usage of deep networks in real-world applications.      
### 110.Privacy-Aware Identity Cloning Detection based on Deep Forest  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10897.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method to detect identity cloning of social-sensor cloud service providers to prevent the detrimental outcomes caused by identity deception. This approach leverages non-privacy-sensitive user profile data gathered from social networks and a powerful deep learning model to perform cloned identity detection. We evaluated the proposed method against the state-of-the-art identity cloning detection techniques and the other popular identity deception detection models atop a real-world dataset. The results show that our method significantly outperforms these techniques/models in terms of Precision and F1-score.      
### 111.Evaluation of Various Open-Set Medical Imaging Tasks with Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10888.pdf)
>  The current generation of deep neural networks has achieved close-to-human results on "closed-set" image recognition; that is, the classes being evaluated overlap with the training classes. Many recent methods attempt to address the importance of the unknown, which are termed "open-set" recognition algorithms, try to reject unknown classes as well as maintain high recognition accuracy on known classes. However, it is still unclear how different general domain-trained open-set methods from ImageNet would perform on a different but more specific domain, such as the medical domain. Without principled and formal evaluations to measure the effectiveness of those general open-set methods, artificial intelligence (AI)-based medical diagnostics would experience ineffective adoption and increased risks of bad decision making. In this paper, we conduct rigorous evaluations amongst state-of-the-art open-set methods, exploring different open-set scenarios from "similar-domain" to "different-domain" scenarios and comparing them on various general and medical domain datasets. We summarise the results and core ideas and explain how the models react to various degrees of openness and different distributions of open classes. We show the main difference between general domain-trained and medical domain-trained open-set models with our quantitative and qualitative analysis of the results. We also identify aspects of model robustness in real clinical workflow usage according to confidence calibration and the inference efficiency.      
### 112.Integrating Visuospatial, Linguistic and Commonsense Structure into Story Visualization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10834.pdf)
>  While much research has been done in text-to-image synthesis, little work has been done to explore the usage of linguistic structure of the input text. Such information is even more important for story visualization since its inputs have an explicit narrative structure that needs to be translated into an image sequence (or visual story). Prior work in this domain has shown that there is ample room for improvement in the generated image sequence in terms of visual quality, consistency and relevance. In this paper, we first explore the use of constituency parse trees using a Transformer-based recurrent architecture for encoding structured input. Second, we augment the structured input with commonsense information and study the impact of this external knowledge on the generation of visual story. Third, we also incorporate visual structure via bounding boxes and dense captioning to provide feedback about the characters/objects in generated images within a dual learning setup. We show that off-the-shelf dense-captioning models trained on Visual Genome can improve the spatial structure of images from a different target domain without needing fine-tuning. We train the model end-to-end using intra-story contrastive loss (between words and image sub-regions) and show significant improvements in several metrics (and human evaluation) for multiple datasets. Finally, we provide an analysis of the linguistic and visuo-spatial information. Code and data: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/adymaharana/VLCStoryGan" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 113.High-resolution rainfall-runoff modeling using graph neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10833.pdf)
>  Time-series modeling has shown great promise in recent studies using the latest deep learning algorithms such as LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory). These studies primarily focused on watershed-scale rainfall-runoff modeling or streamflow forecasting, but the majority of them only considered a single watershed as a unit. Although this simplification is very effective, it does not take into account spatial information, which could result in significant errors in large watersheds. Several studies investigated the use of GNN (Graph Neural Networks) for data integration by decomposing a large watershed into multiple sub-watersheds, but each sub-watershed is still treated as a whole, and the geoinformation contained within the watershed is not fully utilized. In this paper, we propose the GNRRM (Graph Neural Rainfall-Runoff Model), a novel deep learning model that makes full use of spatial information from high-resolution precipitation data, including flow direction and geographic information. When compared to baseline models, GNRRM has less over-fitting and significantly improves model performance. Our findings support the importance of hydrological data in deep learning-based rainfall-runoff modeling, and we encourage researchers to include more domain knowledge in their models.      
### 114.Ensemble of Averages: Improving Model Selection and Boosting Performance in Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10832.pdf)
>  In Domain Generalization (DG) settings, models trained on a given set of training domains have notoriously chaotic performance on distribution shifted test domains, and stochasticity in optimization (e.g. seed) plays a big role. This makes deep learning models unreliable in real world settings. We first show that a simple protocol for averaging model parameters along the optimization path, starting early during training, both significantly boosts domain generalization and diminishes the impact of stochasticity by improving the rank correlation between the in-domain validation accuracy and out-domain test accuracy, which is crucial for reliable model selection. Next, we show that an ensemble of independently trained models also has a chaotic behavior in the DG setting. Taking advantage of our observation, we show that instead of ensembling unaveraged models, ensembling moving average models (EoA) from different runs does increase stability and further boosts performance. On the DomainBed benchmark, when using a ResNet-50 pre-trained on ImageNet, this ensemble of averages achieves $88.6\%$ on PACS, $79.1\%$ on VLCS, $72.5\%$ on OfficeHome, $52.3\%$ on TerraIncognita, and $47.4\%$ on DomainNet, an average of $68.0\%$, beating ERM (w/o model averaging) by $\sim 4\%$. We also evaluate a model that is pre-trained on a larger dataset, where we show EoA achieves an average accuracy of $72.7\%$, beating its corresponding ERM baseline by $5\%$.      
### 115.CXR-Net: An Encoder-Decoder-Encoder Multitask Deep Neural Network for Explainable and Accurate Diagnosis of COVID-19 pneumonia with Chest X-ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10813.pdf)
>  Accurate and rapid detection of COVID-19 pneumonia is crucial for optimal patient treatment. Chest X-Ray (CXR) is the first line imaging test for COVID-19 pneumonia diagnosis as it is fast, cheap and easily accessible. Inspired by the success of deep learning (DL) in computer vision, many DL-models have been proposed to detect COVID-19 pneumonia using CXR images. Unfortunately, these deep classifiers lack the transparency in interpreting findings, which may limit their applications in clinical practice. The existing commonly used visual explanation methods are either too noisy or imprecise, with low resolution, and hence are unsuitable for diagnostic purposes. In this work, we propose a novel explainable deep learning framework (CXRNet) for accurate COVID-19 pneumonia detection with an enhanced pixel-level visual explanation from CXR images. The proposed framework is based on a new Encoder-Decoder-Encoder multitask architecture, allowing for both disease classification and visual explanation. The method has been evaluated on real world CXR datasets from both public and private data sources, including: healthy, bacterial pneumonia, viral pneumonia and COVID-19 pneumonia cases The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method can achieve a satisfactory level of accuracy and provide fine-resolution classification activation maps for visual explanation in lung disease detection. The Average Accuracy, the Precision, Recall and F1-score of COVID-19 pneumonia reached 0.879, 0.985, 0.992 and 0.989, respectively. We have also found that using lung segmented (CXR) images can help improve the performance of the model. The proposed method can provide more detailed high resolution visual explanation for the classification decision, compared to current state-of-the-art visual explanation methods and has a great potential to be used in clinical practice for COVID-19 pneumonia diagnosis.      
### 116.DVIO: Depth aided visual inertial odometry for RGBD sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10805.pdf)
>  In past few years we have observed an increase in the usage of RGBD sensors in mobile devices. These sensors provide a good estimate of the depth map for the camera frame, which can be used in numerous augmented reality applications. This paper presents a new visual inertial odometry (VIO) system, which uses measurements from a RGBD sensor and an inertial measurement unit (IMU) sensor for estimating the motion state of the mobile device. The resulting system is called the depth-aided VIO (DVIO) system. In this system we add the depth measurement as part of the nonlinear optimization process. Specifically, we propose methods to use the depth measurement using one-dimensional (1D) feature parameterization as well as three-dimensional (3D) feature parameterization. In addition, we propose to utilize the depth measurement for estimating time offset between the unsynchronized IMU and the RGBD sensors. Last but not least, we propose a novel block-based marginalization approach to speed up the marginalization processes and maintain the real-time performance of the overall system. Experimental results validate that the proposed DVIO system outperforms the other state-of-the-art VIO systems in terms of trajectory accuracy as well as processing time.      
### 117.Toward Real-world Image Super-resolution via Hardware-based Adaptive Degradation Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10755.pdf)
>  Most single image super-resolution (SR) methods are developed on synthetic low-resolution (LR) and high-resolution (HR) image pairs, which are simulated by a predetermined degradation operation, e.g., bicubic downsampling. However, these methods only learn the inverse process of the predetermined operation, so they fail to super resolve the real-world LR images; the true formulation deviates from the predetermined operation. To address this problem, we propose a novel supervised method to simulate an unknown degradation process with the inclusion of the prior hardware knowledge of the imaging system. We design an adaptive blurring layer (ABL) in the supervised learning framework to estimate the target LR images. The hyperparameters of the ABL can be adjusted for different imaging hardware. The experiments on the real-world datasets validate that our degradation model can estimate LR images more accurately than the predetermined degradation operation, as well as facilitate existing SR methods to perform reconstructions on real-world LR images more accurately than the conventional approaches.      
### 118.Class Incremental Online Streaming Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10741.pdf)
>  A wide variety of methods have been developed to enable lifelong learning in conventional deep neural networks. However, to succeed, these methods require a `batch' of samples to be available and visited multiple times during training. While this works well in a static setting, these methods continue to suffer in a more realistic situation where data arrives in \emph{online streaming manner}. We empirically demonstrate that the performance of current approaches degrades if the input is obtained as a stream of data with the following restrictions: $(i)$ each instance comes one at a time and can be seen only once, and $(ii)$ the input data violates the i.i.d assumption, i.e., there can be a class-based correlation. We propose a novel approach (CIOSL) for the class-incremental learning in an \emph{online streaming setting} to address these challenges. The proposed approach leverages implicit and explicit dual weight regularization and experience replay. The implicit regularization is leveraged via the knowledge distillation, while the explicit regularization incorporates a novel approach for parameter regularization by learning the joint distribution of the buffer replay and the current sample. Also, we propose an efficient online memory replay and replacement buffer strategy that significantly boosts the model's performance. Extensive experiments and ablation on challenging datasets show the efficacy of the proposed method.      
### 119.Combining Different V1 Brain Model Variants to Improve Robustness to Image Corruptions in CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10645.pdf)
>  While some convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have surpassed human visual abilities in object classification, they often struggle to recognize objects in images corrupted with different types of common noise patterns, highlighting a major limitation of this family of models. Recently, it has been shown that simulating a primary visual cortex (V1) at the front of CNNs leads to small improvements in robustness to these image perturbations. In this study, we start with the observation that different variants of the V1 model show gains for specific corruption types. We then build a new model using an ensembling technique, which combines multiple individual models with different V1 front-end variants. The model ensemble leverages the strengths of each individual model, leading to significant improvements in robustness across all corruption categories and outperforming the base model by 38% on average. Finally, we show that using distillation, it is possible to partially compress the knowledge in the ensemble model into a single model with a V1 front-end. While the ensembling and distillation techniques used here are hardly biologically-plausible, the results presented here demonstrate that by combining the specific strengths of different neuronal circuits in V1 it is possible to improve the robustness of CNNs for a wide range of perturbations.      
### 120.OSS-Net: Memory Efficient High Resolution Semantic Segmentation of 3D Medical Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10640.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are the current state-of-the-art meta-algorithm for volumetric segmentation of medical data, for example, to localize COVID-19 infected tissue on computer tomography scans or the detection of tumour volumes in magnetic resonance imaging. A key limitation of 3D CNNs on voxelised data is that the memory consumption grows cubically with the training data resolution. Occupancy networks (O-Nets) are an alternative for which the data is represented continuously in a function space and 3D shapes are learned as a continuous decision boundary. While O-Nets are significantly more memory efficient than 3D CNNs, they are limited to simple shapes, are relatively slow at inference, and have not yet been adapted for 3D semantic segmentation of medical data. Here, we propose Occupancy Networks for Semantic Segmentation (OSS-Nets) to accurately and memory-efficiently segment 3D medical data. We build upon the original O-Net with modifications for increased expressiveness leading to improved segmentation performance comparable to 3D CNNs, as well as modifications for faster inference. We leverage local observations to represent complex shapes and prior encoder predictions to expedite inference. We showcase OSS-Net's performance on 3D brain tumour and liver segmentation against a function space baseline (O-Net), a performance baseline (3D residual U-Net), and an efficiency baseline (2D residual U-Net). OSS-Net yields segmentation results similar to the performance baseline and superior to the function space and efficiency baselines. In terms of memory efficiency, OSS-Net consumes comparable amounts of memory as the function space baseline, somewhat more memory than the efficiency baseline and significantly less than the performance baseline. As such, OSS-Net enables memory-efficient and accurate 3D semantic segmentation that can scale to high resolutions.      
### 121.Fingerprint recognition with embedded presentation attacks detection: are we ready?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10567.pdf)
>  The diffusion of fingerprint verification systems for security applications makes it urgent to investigate the embedding of software-based presentation attack detection algorithms (PAD) into such systems. Companies and institutions need to know whether such integration would make the system more "secure" and whether the technology available is ready, and, if so, at what operational working conditions. Despite significant improvements, especially by adopting deep learning approaches to fingerprint PAD, current research did not state much about their effectiveness when embedded in fingerprint verification systems. We believe that the lack of works is explained by the lack of instruments to investigate the problem, that is, modeling the cause-effect relationships when two non-zero error-free systems work together. Accordingly, this paper explores the fusion of PAD into verification systems by proposing a novel investigation instrument: a performance simulator based on the probabilistic modeling of the relationships among the Receiver Operating Characteristics (ROC) of the two individual systems when PAD and verification stages are implemented sequentially. As a matter of fact, this is the most straightforward, flexible, and widespread approach. We carry out simulations on the PAD algorithms' ROCs submitted to the most recent editions of LivDet (2017-2019), the state-of-the-art NIST Bozorth3, and the top-level Veryfinger 12 matchers. Reported experiments explore significant scenarios to get the conditions under which fingerprint matching with embedded PAD can improve, rather than degrade, the overall personal verification performance.      
### 122.Robust Monocular Localization in Sparse HD Maps Leveraging Multi-Task Uncertainty Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10563.pdf)
>  Robust localization in dense urban scenarios using a low-cost sensor setup and sparse HD maps is highly relevant for the current advances in autonomous driving, but remains a challenging topic in research. We present a novel monocular localization approach based on a sliding-window pose graph that leverages predicted uncertainties for increased precision and robustness against challenging scenarios and per frame failures. To this end, we propose an efficient multi-task uncertainty-aware perception module, which covers semantic segmentation, as well as bounding box detection, to enable the localization of vehicles in sparse maps, containing only lane borders and traffic lights. Further, we design differentiable cost maps that are directly generated from the estimated uncertainties. This opens up the possibility to minimize the reprojection loss of amorphous map elements in an association free and uncertainty-aware manner. Extensive evaluation on the Lyft 5 dataset shows that, despite the sparsity of the map, our approach enables robust and accurate 6D localization in challenging urban scenarios      
### 123.Development and accuracy evaluation of Coded Phase-shift 3D scanner  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10520.pdf)
>  In this paper, we provide an overview of development of a structured light 3D-scanner based on combination of binary-coded patterns and sinusoidal phase-shifted fringe patterns called Coded Phase-shift technique. Further, we describe the experiments performed to evaluate measurement accuracy and precision of the developed system. A study of this kind is expected to be helpful in understanding the basic working of current structured-light 3D scanners and the approaches followed for their performance assessment.      
### 124.Evaluation of augmentation methods in classifying autism spectrum disorders from fMRI data with 3D convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10489.pdf)
>  Classifying subjects as healthy or diseased using neuroimaging data has gained a lot of attention during the last 10 years. Here we apply deep learning to derivatives from resting state fMRI data, and investigate how different 3D augmentation techniques affect the test accuracy. Specifically, we use resting state derivatives from 1,112 subjects in ABIDE preprocessed to train a 3D convolutional neural network (CNN) to perform the classification. Our results show that augmentation only provide minor improvements to the test accuracy.      
### 125.A unifying framework for $n$-dimensional quasi-conformal mappings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10437.pdf)
>  With the advancement of computer technology, there is a surge of interest in effective mapping methods for objects in higher-dimensional spaces. To establish a one-to-one correspondence between objects, higher-dimensional quasi-conformal theory can be utilized for ensuring the bijectivity of the mappings. In addition, it is often desirable for the mappings to satisfy certain prescribed geometric constraints and possess low distortion in conformality or volume. In this work, we develop a unifying framework for computing $n$-dimensional quasi-conformal mappings. More specifically, we propose a variational model that integrates quasi-conformal distortion, volumetric distortion, landmark correspondence, intensity mismatch and volume prior information to handle a large variety of deformation problems. We further prove the existence of a minimizer for the proposed model and devise efficient numerical methods to solve the optimization problem. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework using various experiments in two- and three-dimensions, with applications to medical image registration, adaptive remeshing and shape modeling.      
### 126.AFTer-UNet: Axial Fusion Transformer UNet for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10403.pdf)
>  Recent advances in transformer-based models have drawn attention to exploring these techniques in medical image segmentation, especially in conjunction with the U-Net model (or its variants), which has shown great success in medical image segmentation, under both 2D and 3D settings. Current 2D based methods either directly replace convolutional layers with pure transformers or consider a transformer as an additional intermediate encoder between the encoder and decoder of U-Net. However, these approaches only consider the attention encoding within one single slice and do not utilize the axial-axis information naturally provided by a 3D volume. In the 3D setting, convolution on volumetric data and transformers both consume large GPU memory. One has to either downsample the image or use cropped local patches to reduce GPU memory usage, which limits its performance. In this paper, we propose Axial Fusion Transformer UNet (AFTer-UNet), which takes both advantages of convolutional layers' capability of extracting detailed features and transformers' strength on long sequence modeling. It considers both intra-slice and inter-slice long-range cues to guide the segmentation. Meanwhile, it has fewer parameters and takes less GPU memory to train than the previous transformer-based models. Extensive experiments on three multi-organ segmentation datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms current state-of-the-art methods.      
### 127.Deep Learning for HDR Imaging: State-of-the-Art and Future Trends  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10394.pdf)
>  High dynamic range (HDR) imaging is a technique that allows an extensive dynamic range of exposures, which is important in image processing, computer graphics, and computer vision. In recent years, there has been a significant advancement in HDR imaging using deep learning (DL). This study conducts a comprehensive and insightful survey and analysis of recent developments in deep HDR imaging methodologies. We hierarchically and structurally group existing deep HDR imaging methods into five categories based on (1) number/domain of input exposures, (2) number of learning tasks, (3) novel sensor data, (4) novel learning strategies, and (5) applications. Importantly, we provide a constructive discussion on each category regarding its potential and challenges. Moreover, we review some crucial aspects of deep HDR imaging, such as datasets and evaluation metrics. Finally, we highlight some open problems and point out future research directions.      
### 128.Knowledge-Guided Multiview Deep Curriculum Learning for Elbow Fracture Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10383.pdf)
>  Elbow fracture diagnosis often requires patients to take both frontal and lateral views of elbow X-ray radiographs. In this paper, we propose a multiview deep learning method for an elbow fracture subtype classification task. Our strategy leverages transfer learning by first training two single-view models, one for frontal view and the other for lateral view, and then transferring the weights to the corresponding layers in the proposed multiview network architecture. Meanwhile, quantitative medical knowledge was integrated into the training process through a curriculum learning framework, which enables the model to first learn from "easier" samples and then transition to "harder" samples to reach better performance. In addition, our multiview network can work both in a dual-view setting and with a single view as input. We evaluate our method through extensive experiments on a classification task of elbow fracture with a dataset of 1,964 images. Results show that our method outperforms two related methods on bone fracture study in multiple settings, and our technique is able to boost the performance of the compared methods. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ljaiverson/multiview-curriculum" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 129.Medical Knowledge-Guided Deep Curriculum Learning for Elbow Fracture Diagnosis from X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10381.pdf)
>  Elbow fractures are one of the most common fracture types. Diagnoses on elbow fractures often need the help of radiographic imaging to be read and analyzed by a specialized radiologist with years of training. Thanks to the recent advances of deep learning, a model that can classify and detect different types of bone fractures needs only hours of training and has shown promising results. However, most existing deep learning models are purely data-driven, lacking incorporation of known domain knowledge from human experts. In this work, we propose a novel deep learning method to diagnose elbow fracture from elbow X-ray images by integrating domain-specific medical knowledge into a curriculum learning framework. In our method, the training data are permutated by sampling without replacement at the beginning of each training epoch. The sampling probability of each training sample is guided by a scoring criterion constructed based on clinically known knowledge from human experts, where the scoring indicates the diagnosis difficultness of different elbow fracture subtypes. We also propose an algorithm that updates the sampling probabilities at each epoch, which is applicable to other sampling-based curriculum learning frameworks. We design an experiment with 1865 elbow X-ray images for a fracture/normal binary classification task and compare our proposed method to a baseline method and a previous method using multiple metrics. Our results show that the proposed method achieves the highest classification performance. Also, our proposed probability update algorithm boosts the performance of the previous method.      
### 130.Model Composition: Can Multiple Neural Networks Be Combined into a Single Network Using Only Unlabeled Data?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10369.pdf)
>  The diversity of deep learning applications, datasets, and neural network architectures necessitates a careful selection of the architecture and data that match best to a target application. As an attempt to mitigate this dilemma, this paper investigates the idea of combining multiple trained neural networks using unlabeled data. In addition, combining multiple models into one can speed up the inference, result in stronger, more capable models, and allows us to select efficient device-friendly target network architectures. To this end, the proposed method makes use of generation, filtering, and aggregation of reliable pseudo-labels collected from unlabeled data. Our method supports using an arbitrary number of input models with arbitrary architectures and categories. Extensive performance evaluations demonstrated that our method is very effective. For example, for the task of object detection and without using any ground-truth labels, an EfficientDet-D0 trained on Pascal-VOC and an EfficientDet-D1 trained on COCO, can be combined to a RetinaNet-ResNet50 model, with a similar mAP as the supervised training. If fine-tuned in a semi-supervised setting, the combined model achieves +18.6%, +12.6%, and +8.1% mAP improvements over supervised training with 1%, 5%, and 10% of labels.      
### 131.ABC: Auxiliary Balanced Classifier for Class-imbalanced Semi-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10368.pdf)
>  Existing semi-supervised learning (SSL) algorithms typically assume class-balanced datasets, although the class distributions of many real-world datasets are imbalanced. In general, classifiers trained on a class-imbalanced dataset are biased toward the majority classes. This issue becomes more problematic for SSL algorithms because they utilize the biased prediction of unlabeled data for training. However, traditional class-imbalanced learning techniques, which are designed for labeled data, cannot be readily combined with SSL algorithms. We propose a scalable class-imbalanced SSL algorithm that can effectively use unlabeled data, while mitigating class imbalance by introducing an auxiliary balanced classifier (ABC) of a single layer, which is attached to a representation layer of an existing SSL algorithm. The ABC is trained with a class-balanced loss of a minibatch, while using high-quality representations learned from all data points in the minibatch using the backbone SSL algorithm to avoid overfitting and information loss.Moreover, we use consistency regularization, a recent SSL technique for utilizing unlabeled data in a modified way, to train the ABC to be balanced among the classes by selecting unlabeled data with the same probability for each class. The proposed algorithm achieves state-of-the-art performance in various class-imbalanced SSL experiments using four benchmark datasets.      
### 132.Detecting Backdoor Attacks Against Point Cloud Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10354.pdf)
>  Backdoor attacks (BA) are an emerging threat to deep neural network classifiers. A classifier being attacked will predict to the attacker's target class when a test sample from a source class is embedded with the backdoor pattern (BP). Recently, the first BA against point cloud (PC) classifiers was proposed, creating new threats to many important applications including autonomous driving. Such PC BAs are not detectable by existing BA defenses due to their special BP embedding mechanism. In this paper, we propose a reverse-engineering defense that infers whether a PC classifier is backdoor attacked, without access to its training set or to any clean classifiers for reference. The effectiveness of our defense is demonstrated on the benchmark ModeNet40 dataset for PCs.      
### 133.Artificial Intelligence-Based Detection, Classification and Prediction/Prognosis in PET Imaging: Towards Radiophenomics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10332.pdf)
>  Artificial intelligence (AI) techniques have significant potential to enable effective, robust, and automated image phenotyping including identification of subtle patterns. AI-based detection searches the image space to find the regions of interest based on patterns and features. There is a spectrum of tumor histologies from benign to malignant that can be identified by AI-based classification approaches using image features. The extraction of minable information from images gives way to the field of radiomics and can be explored via explicit (handcrafted/engineered) and deep radiomics frameworks. Radiomics analysis has the potential to be utilized as a noninvasive technique for the accurate characterization of tumors to improve diagnosis and treatment monitoring. This work reviews AI-based techniques, with a special focus on oncological PET and PET/CT imaging, for different detection, classification, and prediction/prognosis tasks. We also discuss needed efforts to enable the translation of AI techniques to routine clinical workflows, and potential improvements and complementary techniques such as the use of natural language processing on electronic health records and neuro-symbolic AI techniques.      
### 134.R$^3$Net:Relation-embedded Representation Reconstruction Network for Change Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10328.pdf)
>  Change captioning is to use a natural language sentence to describe the fine-grained disagreement between two similar images. Viewpoint change is the most typical distractor in this task, because it changes the scale and location of the objects and overwhelms the representation of real change. In this paper, we propose a Relation-embedded Representation Reconstruction Network (R$^3$Net) to explicitly distinguish the real change from the large amount of clutter and irrelevant changes. Specifically, a relation-embedded module is first devised to explore potential changed objects in the large amount of clutter. Then, based on the semantic similarities of corresponding locations in the two images, a representation reconstruction module (RRM) is designed to learn the reconstruction representation and further model the difference representation. Besides, we introduce a syntactic skeleton predictor (SSP) to enhance the semantic interaction between change localization and caption generation. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art results on two public datasets.      
### 135.Learning Rich Nearest Neighbor Representations from Self-supervised Ensembles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10293.pdf)
>  Pretraining convolutional neural networks via self-supervision, and applying them in transfer learning, is an incredibly fast-growing field that is rapidly and iteratively improving performance across practically all image domains. Meanwhile, model ensembling is one of the most universally applicable techniques in supervised learning literature and practice, offering a simple solution to reliably improve performance. But how to optimally combine self-supervised models to maximize representation quality has largely remained unaddressed. In this work, we provide a framework to perform self-supervised model ensembling via a novel method of learning representations directly through gradient descent at inference time. This technique improves representation quality, as measured by k-nearest neighbors, both on the in-domain dataset and in the transfer setting, with models transferable from the former setting to the latter. Additionally, this direct learning of feature through backpropagation improves representations from even a single model, echoing the improvements found in self-distillation.      
### 136.A New Automatic Change Detection Frame-work Based on Region Growing and Weighted Local Mutual Information: Analysis of Breast Tumor Response to Chemotherapy in Serial MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10242.pdf)
>  The automatic analysis of subtle changes between longitudinal MR images is an important task as it is still a challenging issue in scope of the breast medical image processing. In this paper we propose an effective automatic change detection framework composed of two phases since previously used methods have features with low distinctive power. First, in the preprocessing phase an intensity normalization method is suggested based on Hierarchical Histogram Matching (HHM) that is more robust to noise than previous methods. To eliminate undesirable changes and extract the regions containing significant changes the proposed Extraction Region of Changes (EROC) method is applied based on intensity distribution and Hill-Climbing algorithm. Second, in the detection phase a region growing-based approach is suggested to differentiate significant changes from unreal ones. Due to using proposed Weighted Local Mutual Information (WLMI) method to extract high level features and also utilizing the principle of the local consistency of changes, the proposed approach enjoys reasonable performance. The experimental results on both simulated and real longitudinal Breast MR Images confirm the effectiveness of the proposed framework. Also, this framework outperforms the human expert in some cases which can detect many lesion evolutions that are missed by expert.      
### 137.Test time Adaptation through Perturbation Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10232.pdf)
>  Data samples generated by several real world processes are dynamic in nature \textit{i.e.}, their characteristics vary with time. Thus it is not possible to train and tackle all possible distributional shifts between training and inference, using the host of transfer learning methods in literature. In this paper, we tackle this problem of adapting to domain shift at inference time \textit{i.e.}, we do not change the training process, but quickly adapt the model at test-time to handle any domain shift. For this, we propose to enforce consistency of predictions of data sampled in the vicinity of test sample on the image manifold. On a host of test scenarios like dealing with corruptions (CIFAR-10-C and CIFAR-100-C), and domain adaptation (VisDA-C), our method is at par or significantly outperforms previous methods.      
### 138.An Adaptive Sampling and Edge Detection Approach for Encoding Static Images for Spiking Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10217.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art methods of image classification using convolutional neural networks are often constrained by both latency and power consumption. This places a limit on the devices, particularly low-power edge devices, that can employ these methods. Spiking neural networks (SNNs) are considered to be the third generation of artificial neural networks which aim to address these latency and power constraints by taking inspiration from biological neuronal communication processes. Before data such as images can be input into an SNN, however, they must be first encoded into spike trains. Herein, we propose a method for encoding static images into temporal spike trains using edge detection and an adaptive signal sampling method for use in SNNs. The edge detection process consists of first performing Canny edge detection on the 2D static images and then converting the edge detected images into two X and Y signals using an image-to-signal conversion method. The adaptive signaling approach consists of sampling the signals such that the signals maintain enough detail and are sensitive to abrupt changes in the signal. Temporal encoding mechanisms such as threshold-based representation (TBR) and step-forward (SF) are then able to be used to convert the sampled signals into spike trains. We use various error and indicator metrics to optimize and evaluate the efficiency and precision of the proposed image encoding approach. Comparison results between the original and reconstructed signals from spike trains generated using edge-detection and adaptive temporal encoding mechanism exhibit 18x and 7x reduction in average root mean square error (RMSE) compared to the conventional SF and TBR encoding, respectively, while used for encoding MNIST dataset.      
### 139.StructFormer: Learning Spatial Structure for Language-Guided Semantic Rearrangement of Novel Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10189.pdf)
>  Geometric organization of objects into semantically meaningful arrangements pervades the built world. As such, assistive robots operating in warehouses, offices, and homes would greatly benefit from the ability to recognize and rearrange objects into these semantically meaningful structures. To be useful, these robots must contend with previously unseen objects and receive instructions without significant programming. While previous works have examined recognizing pairwise semantic relations and sequential manipulation to change these simple relations none have shown the ability to arrange objects into complex structures such as circles or table settings. To address this problem we propose a novel transformer-based neural network, StructFormer, which takes as input a partial-view point cloud of the current object arrangement and a structured language command encoding the desired object configuration. We show through rigorous experiments that StructFormer enables a physical robot to rearrange novel objects into semantically meaningful structures with multi-object relational constraints inferred from the language command.      
### 140.Cross-Sim-NGF: FFT-Based Global Rigid Multimodal Alignment of Image Volumes using Normalized Gradient Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.10156.pdf)
>  Multimodal image alignment involves finding spatial correspondences between volumes varying in appearance and structure. Automated alignment methods are often based on local optimization that can be highly sensitive to their initialization. We propose a global optimization method for rigid multimodal 3D image alignment, based on a novel efficient algorithm for computing similarity of normalized gradient fields (NGF) in the frequency domain. We validate the method experimentally on a dataset comprised of 20 brain volumes acquired in four modalities (T1w, Flair, CT, [18F] FDG PET), synthetically displaced with known transformations. The proposed method exhibits excellent performance on all six possible modality combinations, and outperforms all four reference methods by a large margin. The method is fast; a 3.4Mvoxel global rigid alignment requires approximately 40 seconds of computation, and the proposed algorithm outperforms a direct algorithm for the same task by more than three orders of magnitude. Open-source implementation is provided.      
