# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 18 Oct 2021
### 1.Performance, Successes and Limitations of Deep Learning Semantic Segmentation of Multiple Defects in Transmission Electron Micrographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08244.pdf)
>  In this work, we perform semantic segmentation of multiple defect types in electron microscopy images of irradiated FeCrAl alloys using a deep learning Mask Regional Convolutional Neural Network (Mask R-CNN) model. We conduct an in-depth analysis of key model performance statistics, with a focus on quantities such as predicted distributions of defect shapes, defect sizes, and defect areal densities relevant to informing modeling and understanding of irradiated Fe-based materials properties. To better understand the performance and present limitations of the model, we provide examples of useful evaluation tests which include a suite of random splits, and dataset size-dependent and domain-targeted cross validation tests. Overall, we find that the current model is a fast, effective tool for automatically characterizing and quantifying multiple defect types in microscopy images, with a level of accuracy on par with human domain expert labelers. More specifically, the model can achieve average defect identification F1 scores as high as 0.8, and, based on random cross validation, have low overall average (+/- standard deviation) defect size and density percentage errors of 7.3 (+/- 3.8)% and 12.7 (+/- 5.3)%, respectively. Further, our model predicts the expected material hardening to within 10-20 MPa (about 10% of total hardening), which is about the same error level as experiments. Our targeted evaluation tests also suggest the best path toward improving future models is not expanding existing databases with more labeled images but instead data additions that target weak points of the model domain, such as images from different microscopes, imaging conditions, irradiation environments, and alloy types. Finally, we discuss the first phase of an effort to provide an easy-to-use, open-source object detection tool to the broader community for identifying defects in new images.      
### 2.Fire Together Wire Together: A Dynamic Pruning Approach with Self-Supervised Mask Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08232.pdf)
>  Dynamic model pruning is a recent direction that allows for the inference of a different sub-network for each input sample during deployment. However, current dynamic methods rely on learning a continuous channel gating through regularization by inducing sparsity loss. This formulation introduces complexity in balancing different losses (e.g task loss, regularization loss). In addition, regularization-based methods lack transparent tradeoff hyperparameter selection to realize computational budget. Our contribution is twofold: 1) decoupled task and pruning training. 2) Simple hyperparameter selection that enables FLOPs reduction estimation before training. We propose to predict a mask to process k filters in a layer based on the activation of its previous layer. We pose the problem as a self-supervised binary classification problem. Each mask predictor module is trained to predict if the log-likelihood of each filter in the current layer belongs to the top-k activated filters. The value k is dynamically estimated for each input based on a novel criterion using the mass of heatmaps. We show experiments on several neural architectures, such as VGG, ResNet, and MobileNet on CIFAR and ImageNet datasets. On CIFAR, we reach similar accuracy to SOTA methods with 15% and 24% higher FLOPs reduction. Similarly in ImageNet, we achieve a lower drop in accuracy with up to 13% improvement in FLOPs reduction.      
### 3.Attention meets Geometry: Geometry Guided Spatial-Temporal Attention for Consistent Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08192.pdf)
>  Inferring geometrically consistent dense 3D scenes across a tuple of temporally consecutive images remains challenging for self-supervised monocular depth prediction pipelines. This paper explores how the increasingly popular transformer architecture, together with novel regularized loss formulations, can improve depth consistency while preserving accuracy. We propose a spatial attention module that correlates coarse depth predictions to aggregate local geometric information. A novel temporal attention mechanism further processes the local geometric information in a global context across consecutive images. Additionally, we introduce geometric constraints between frames regularized by photometric cycle consistency. By combining our proposed regularization and the novel spatial-temporal-attention module we fully leverage both the geometric and appearance-based consistency across monocular frames. This yields geometrically meaningful attention and improves temporal depth stability and accuracy compared to previous methods.      
### 4.Guided Point Contrastive Learning for Semi-supervised Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08188.pdf)
>  Rapid progress in 3D semantic segmentation is inseparable from the advances of deep network models, which highly rely on large-scale annotated data for training. To address the high cost and challenges of 3D point-level labeling, we present a method for semi-supervised point cloud semantic segmentation to adopt unlabeled point clouds in training to boost the model performance. Inspired by the recent contrastive loss in self-supervised tasks, we propose the guided point contrastive loss to enhance the feature representation and model generalization ability in semi-supervised setting. Semantic predictions on unlabeled point clouds serve as pseudo-label guidance in our loss to avoid negative pairs in the same category. Also, we design the confidence guidance to ensure high-quality feature learning. Besides, a category-balanced sampling strategy is proposed to collect positive and negative samples to mitigate the class imbalance problem. Extensive experiments on three datasets (ScanNet V2, S3DIS, and SemanticKITTI) show the effectiveness of our semi-supervised method to improve the prediction quality with unlabeled data.      
### 5.Crop Rotation Modeling for Deep Learning-Based Parcel Classification from Satellite Time Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08187.pdf)
>  While annual crop rotations play a crucial role for agricultural optimization, they have been largely ignored for automated crop type mapping. In this paper, we take advantage of the increasing quantity of annotated satellite data to propose the first deep learning approach modeling simultaneously the inter- and intra-annual agricultural dynamics of parcel classification. Along with simple training adjustments, our model provides an improvement of over 6.6 mIoU points over the current state-of-the-art of crop classification. Furthermore, we release the first large-scale multi-year agricultural dataset with over 300,000 annotated parcels.      
### 6.Accurate Fine-grained Layout Analysis for the Historical Tibetan Document Based on the Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08164.pdf)
>  Accurate layout analysis without subsequent text-line segmentation remains an ongoing challenge, especially when facing the Kangyur, a kind of historical Tibetan document featuring considerable touching components and mottled background. Aiming at identifying different regions in document images, layout analysis is indispensable for subsequent procedures such as character recognition. However, there was only a little research being carried out to perform line-level layout analysis which failed to deal with the Kangyur. To obtain the optimal results, a fine-grained sub-line level layout analysis approach is presented. Firstly, we introduced an accelerated method to build the dataset which is dynamic and reliable. Secondly, enhancement had been made to the SOLOv2 according to the characteristics of the Kangyur. Then, we fed the enhanced SOLOv2 with the prepared annotation file during the training phase. Once the network is trained, instances of the text line, sentence, and titles can be segmented and identified during the inference stage. The experimental results show that the proposed method delivers a decent 72.7% AP on our dataset. In general, this preliminary research provides insights into the fine-grained sub-line level layout analysis and testifies the SOLOv2-based approaches. We also believe that the proposed methods can be adopted on other language documents with various layouts.      
### 7.Multi-Tailed, Multi-Headed, Spatial Dynamic Memory refined Text-to-Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08143.pdf)
>  Synthesizing high-quality, realistic images from text-descriptions is a challenging task, and current methods synthesize images from text in a multi-stage manner, typically by first generating a rough initial image and then refining image details at subsequent stages. However, existing methods that follow this paradigm suffer from three important limitations. Firstly, they synthesize initial images without attempting to separate image attributes at a word-level. As a result, object attributes of initial images (that provide a basis for subsequent refinement) are inherently entangled and ambiguous in nature. Secondly, by using common text-representations for all regions, current methods prevent us from interpreting text in fundamentally different ways at different parts of an image. Different image regions are therefore only allowed to assimilate the same type of information from text at each refinement stage. Finally, current methods generate refinement features only once at each refinement stage and attempt to address all image aspects in a single shot. This single-shot refinement limits the precision with which each refinement stage can learn to improve the prior image. Our proposed method introduces three novel components to address these shortcomings: (1) An initial generation stage that explicitly generates separate sets of image features for each word n-gram. (2) A spatial dynamic memory module for refinement of images. (3) An iterative multi-headed mechanism to make it easier to improve upon multiple image aspects. Experimental results demonstrate that our Multi-Headed Spatial Dynamic Memory image refinement with our Multi-Tailed Word-level Initial Generation (MSMT-GAN) performs favourably against the previous state of the art on the CUB and COCO datasets.      
### 8.Automated Quality Control of Vacuum Insulated Glazing by Convolutional Neural Network Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08079.pdf)
>  Vacuum Insulated Glazing (VIG) is a highly thermally insulating window technology, which boasts an extremely thin profile and lower weight as compared to gas-filled insulated glazing units of equivalent performance. The VIG is a double-pane configuration with a submillimeter vacuum gap between the panes and therefore under constant atmospheric pressure over their service life. Small pillars are positioned between the panes to maintain the gap, which can damage the glass reducing the lifetime of the VIG unit. To efficiently assess any surface damage on the glass, an automated damage detection system is highly desirable. For the purpose of classifying the damage, we have developed, trained, and tested a deep learning computer vision system using convolutional neural networks. The classification model flawlessly classified the test dataset with an area under the curve (AUC) for the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) of 100%. We have automatically cropped the images down to their relevant information by using Faster-RCNN to locate the position of the pillars. We employ the state-of-the-art methods Grad-CAM and Score-CAM of explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) to provide an understanding of the internal mechanisms and were able to show that our classifier outperforms ResNet50V2 for identification of crack locations and geometry. The proposed methods can therefore be used to detect systematic defects even without large amounts of training data. Further analyses of our model's predictive capabilities demonstrates its superiority over state-of-the-art models (ResNet50V2, ResNet101V2 and ResNet152V2) in terms of convergence speed, accuracy, precision at 100% recall and AUC for ROC.      
### 9.Reliable Shot Identification for Complex Event Detection via Visual-Semantic Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08063.pdf)
>  Multimedia event detection is the task of detecting a specific event of interest in an user-generated video on websites. The most fundamental challenge facing this task lies in the enormously varying quality of the video as well as the high-level semantic abstraction of event inherently. In this paper, we decompose the video into several segments and intuitively model the task of complex event detection as a multiple instance learning problem by representing each video as a "bag" of segments in which each segment is referred to as an instance. Instead of treating the instances equally, we associate each instance with a reliability variable to indicate its importance and then select reliable instances for training. To measure the reliability of the varying instances precisely, we propose a visual-semantic guided loss by exploiting low-level feature from visual information together with instance-event similarity based high-level semantic feature. Motivated by curriculum learning, we introduce a negative elastic-net regularization term to start training the classifier with instances of high reliability and gradually taking the instances with relatively low reliability into consideration. An alternative optimization algorithm is developed to solve the proposed challenging non-convex non-smooth problem. Experimental results on standard datasets, i.e., TRECVID MEDTest 2013 and TRECVID MEDTest 2014, demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method to the baseline algorithms.      
### 10.FlexConv: Continuous Kernel Convolutions with Differentiable Kernel Sizes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08059.pdf)
>  When designing Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), one must select the size of the convolutional kernels before training. Recent works show CNNs benefit from different kernel sizes at different layers, but exploring all possible combinations is unfeasible in practice. A more efficient approach is to learn the kernel size during training. However, existing works that learn the kernel size have a limited bandwidth. These approaches scale kernels by dilation, and thus the detail they can describe is limited. In this work, we propose FlexConv, a novel convolutional operation with which high bandwidth convolutional kernels of learnable kernel size can be learned at a fixed parameter cost. FlexNets model long-term dependencies without the use of pooling, achieve state-of-the-art performance on several sequential datasets, outperform recent works with learned kernel sizes, and are competitive with much deeper ResNets on image benchmark datasets. Additionally, FlexNets can be deployed at higher resolutions than those seen during training. To avoid aliasing, we propose a novel kernel parameterization with which the frequency of the kernels can be analytically controlled. Our novel kernel parameterization shows higher descriptive power and faster convergence speed than existing parameterizations. This leads to important improvements in classification accuracy.      
### 11.Adversarial Attacks on ML Defense Models Competition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08042.pdf)
>  Due to the vulnerability of deep neural networks (DNNs) to adversarial examples, a large number of defense techniques have been proposed to alleviate this problem in recent years. However, the progress of building more robust models is usually hampered by the incomplete or incorrect robustness evaluation. To accelerate the research on reliable evaluation of adversarial robustness of the current defense models in image classification, the TSAIL group at Tsinghua University and the Alibaba Security group organized this competition along with a CVPR 2021 workshop on adversarial machine learning (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://aisecure-workshop.github.io/amlcvpr2021/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>). The purpose of this competition is to motivate novel attack algorithms to evaluate adversarial robustness more effectively and reliably. The participants were encouraged to develop stronger white-box attack algorithms to find the worst-case robustness of different defenses. This competition was conducted on an adversarial robustness evaluation platform -- ARES (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/thu-ml/ares" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>), and is held on the TianChi platform (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://tianchi.aliyun.com/competition/entrance/531847/introduction" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) as one of the series of AI Security Challengers Program. After the competition, we summarized the results and established a new adversarial robustness benchmark at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ml.cs.tsinghua.edu.cn/ares-bench/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, which allows users to upload adversarial attack algorithms and defense models for evaluation.      
### 12.Tensor-to-Image: Image-to-Image Translation with Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08037.pdf)
>  Transformers gain huge attention since they are first introduced and have a wide range of applications. Transformers start to take over all areas of deep learning and the Vision transformers paper also proved that they can be used for computer vision tasks. In this paper, we utilized a vision transformer-based custom-designed model, tensor-to-image, for the image to image translation. With the help of self-attention, our model was able to generalize and apply to different problems without a single modification.      
### 13.Joint Channel and Weight Pruning for Model Acceleration on Moblie Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08013.pdf)
>  For practical deep neural network design on mobile devices, it is essential to consider the constraints incurred by the computational resources and the inference latency in various applications. Among deep network acceleration related approaches, pruning is a widely adopted practice to balance the computational resource consumption and the accuracy, where unimportant connections can be removed either channel-wisely or randomly with a minimal impact on model accuracy. The channel pruning instantly results in a significant latency reduction, while the random weight pruning is more flexible to balance the latency and accuracy. In this paper, we present a unified framework with Joint Channel pruning and Weight pruning (JCW), and achieves a better Pareto-frontier between the latency and accuracy than previous model compression approaches. To fully optimize the trade-off between the latency and accuracy, we develop a tailored multi-objective evolutionary algorithm in the JCW framework, which enables one single search to obtain the optimal candidate architectures for various deployment requirements. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the JCW achieves a better trade-off between the latency and accuracy against various state-of-the-art pruning methods on the ImageNet classification dataset. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jcw-anonymous/JCW" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Pyramid Correlation based Deep Hough Voting for Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07994.pdf)
>  Most of the existing Siamese-based trackers treat tracking problem as a parallel task of classification and regression. However, some studies show that the sibling head structure could lead to suboptimal solutions during the network training. Through experiments we find that, without regression, the performance could be equally promising as long as we delicately design the network to suit the training objective. We introduce a novel voting-based classification-only tracking algorithm named Pyramid Correlation based Deep Hough Voting (short for PCDHV), to jointly locate the top-left and bottom-right corners of the target. Specifically we innovatively construct a Pyramid Correlation module to equip the embedded feature with fine-grained local structures and global spatial contexts; The elaborately designed Deep Hough Voting module further take over, integrating long-range dependencies of pixels to perceive corners; In addition, the prevalent discretization gap is simply yet effectively alleviated by increasing the spatial resolution of the feature maps while exploiting channel-space relationships. The algorithm is general, robust and simple. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the module through a series of ablation experiments. Without bells and whistles, our tracker achieves better or comparable performance to the SOTA algorithms on three challenging benchmarks (TrackingNet, GOT-10k and LaSOT) while running at a real-time speed of 80 FPS. Codes and models will be released.      
### 15.Pose-guided Generative Adversarial Net for Novel View Action Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07993.pdf)
>  We focus on the problem of novel-view human action synthesis. Given an action video, the goal is to generate the same action from an unseen viewpoint. Naturally, novel view video synthesis is more challenging than image synthesis. It requires the synthesis of a sequence of realistic frames with temporal coherency. Besides, transferring the different actions to a novel target view requires awareness of action category and viewpoint change simultaneously. To address these challenges, we propose a novel framework named Pose-guided Action Separable Generative Adversarial Net (PAS-GAN), which utilizes pose to alleviate the difficulty of this task. First, we propose a recurrent pose-transformation module which transforms actions from the source view to the target view and generates novel view pose sequence in 2D coordinate space. Second, a well-transformed pose sequence enables us to separatethe action and background in the target view. We employ a novel local-global spatial transformation module to effectively generate sequential video features in the target view using these action and background features. Finally, the generated video features are used to synthesize human action with the help of a 3D decoder. Moreover, to focus on dynamic action in the video, we propose a novel multi-scale action-separable loss which further improves the video quality. We conduct extensive experiments on two large-scale multi-view human action datasets, NTU-RGBD and PKU-MMD, demonstrating the effectiveness of PAS-GAN which outperforms existing approaches.      
### 16.On Generating Identifiable Virtual Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07986.pdf)
>  Face anonymization with generative models have become increasingly prevalent since they sanitize private information by generating virtual face images, ensuring both privacy and image utility. Such virtual face images are usually not identifiable after the removal or protection of the original identity. In this paper, we formalize and tackle the problem of generating identifiable virtual face images. Our virtual face images are visually different from the original ones for privacy protection. In addition, they are bound with new virtual identities, which can be directly used for face recognition. We propose an Identifiable Virtual Face Generator (IVFG) to generate the virtual face images. The IVFG projects the latent vectors of the original face images into virtual ones according to a user specific key, based on which the virtual face images are generated. To make the virtual face images identifiable, we propose a multi-task learning objective as well as a triplet styled training strategy to learn the IVFG. Various experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the IVFG for generate identifiable virtual face images.      
### 17.Relation Preserving Triplet Mining for Stabilizing the Triplet Loss in Vehicle Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07933.pdf)
>  Object appearances often change dramatically with pose variations. This creates a challenge for embedding schemes that seek to map instances with the same object ID to locations that are as close as possible. This issue becomes significantly heightened in complex computer vision tasks such as re-identification(re-id). In this paper, we suggest these dramatic appearance changes are indications that an object ID is composed of multiple natural groups and it is counter-productive to forcefully map instances from different groups to a common location. This leads us to introduce Relation Preserving Triplet Mining (RPTM), a feature matching guided triplet mining scheme, that ensures triplets will respect the natural sub-groupings within an object ID. We use this triplet mining mechanism to establish a pose-aware, well-conditioned triplet cost function. This allows a single network to be trained with fixed parameters across three challenging benchmarks, while still providing state-of-the-art re-identification results.      
### 18.Data Generation using Texture Co-occurrence and Spatial Self-Similarity for Debiasing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07920.pdf)
>  Classification models trained on biased datasets usually perform poorly on out-of-distribution samples since biased representations are embedded into the model. Recently, adversarial learning methods have been proposed to disentangle biased representations, but it is challenging to discard only the biased features without altering other relevant information. In this paper, we propose a novel de-biasing approach that explicitly generates additional images using texture representations of oppositely labeled images to enlarge the training dataset and mitigate the effect of biases when training a classifier. Every new generated image contains similar spatial information from a source image while transferring textures from a target image of opposite label. Our model integrates a texture co-occurrence loss that determines whether a generated image's texture is similar to that of the target, and a spatial self-similarity loss that determines whether the spatial details between the generated and source images are well preserved. Both generated and original training images are further used to train a classifier that is able to avoid learning unknown bias representations. We employ three distinct artificially designed datasets with known biases to demonstrate the ability of our method to mitigate bias information, and report competitive performance over existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 19.Learning to Infer Kinematic Hierarchies for Novel Object Instances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07911.pdf)
>  Manipulating an articulated object requires perceiving itskinematic hierarchy: its parts, how each can move, and howthose motions are coupled. Previous work has explored per-ception for kinematics, but none infers a complete kinematichierarchy on never-before-seen object instances, without relyingon a schema or template. We present a novel perception systemthat achieves this goal. Our system infers the moving parts ofan object and the kinematic couplings that relate them. Toinfer parts, it uses a point cloud instance segmentation neuralnetwork and to infer kinematic hierarchies, it uses a graphneural network to predict the existence, direction, and typeof edges (i.e. joints) that relate the inferred parts. We trainthese networks using simulated scans of synthetic 3D models.We evaluate our system on simulated scans of 3D objects, andwe demonstrate a proof-of-concept use of our system to drivereal-world robotic manipulation.      
### 20.Improving Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Re-Identification via Source-Guided Selection of Pseudo-Labeling Hyperparameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07897.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) for re-identification (re-ID) is a challenging task: to avoid a costly annotation of additional data, it aims at transferring knowledge from a domain with annotated data to a domain of interest with only unlabeled data. Pseudo-labeling approaches have proven to be effective for UDA re-ID. However, the effectiveness of these approaches heavily depends on the choice of some hyperparameters (HP) that affect the generation of pseudo-labels by clustering. The lack of annotation in the domain of interest makes this choice non-trivial. Current approaches simply reuse the same empirical value for all adaptation tasks and regardless of the target data representation that changes through pseudo-labeling training phases. As this simplistic choice may limit their performance, we aim at addressing this issue. We propose new theoretical grounds on HP selection for clustering UDA re-ID as well as method of automatic and cyclic HP tuning for pseudo-labeling UDA clustering: HyPASS. HyPASS consists in incorporating two modules in pseudo-labeling methods: (i) HP selection based on a labeled source validation set and (ii) conditional domain alignment of feature discriminativeness to improve HP selection based on source samples. Experiments on commonly used person re-ID and vehicle re-ID datasets show that our proposed HyPASS consistently improves the best state-of-the-art methods in re-ID compared to the commonly used empirical HP setting.      
### 21.PolyNet: Polynomial Neural Network for 3D Shape Recognition with PolyShape Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07882.pdf)
>  3D shape representation and its processing have substantial effects on 3D shape recognition. The polygon mesh as a 3D shape representation has many advantages in computer graphics and geometry processing. However, there are still some challenges for the existing deep neural network (DNN)-based methods on polygon mesh representation, such as handling the variations in the degree and permutations of the vertices and their pairwise distances. To overcome these challenges, we propose a DNN-based method (PolyNet) and a specific polygon mesh representation (PolyShape) with a multi-resolution structure. PolyNet contains two operations; (1) a polynomial convolution (PolyConv) operation with learnable coefficients, which learns continuous distributions as the convolutional filters to share the weights across different vertices, and (2) a polygonal pooling (PolyPool) procedure by utilizing the multi-resolution structure of PolyShape to aggregate the features in a much lower dimension. Our experiments demonstrate the strength and the advantages of PolyNet on both 3D shape classification and retrieval tasks compared to existing polygon mesh-based methods and its superiority in classifying graph representations of images. The code is publicly available from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://myavartanoo.github.io/polynet/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Advances and Challenges in Deep Lip Reading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07879.pdf)
>  Driven by deep learning techniques and large-scale datasets, recent years have witnessed a paradigm shift in automatic lip reading. While the main thrust of Visual Speech Recognition (VSR) was improving accuracy of Audio Speech Recognition systems, other potential applications, such as biometric identification, and the promised gains of VSR systems, have motivated extensive efforts on developing the lip reading technology. This paper provides a comprehensive survey of the state-of-the-art deep learning based VSR research with a focus on data challenges, task-specific complications, and the corresponding solutions. Advancements in these directions will expedite the transformation of silent speech interface from theory to practice. We also discuss the main modules of a VSR pipeline and the influential datasets. Finally, we introduce some typical VSR application concerns and impediments to real-world scenarios as well as future research directions.      
### 23.Receptive Field Broadening and Boosting for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07859.pdf)
>  Salient object detection requires a comprehensive and scalable receptive field to locate the visually significant objects in the image. Recently, the emergence of visual transformers and multi-branch modules has significantly enhanced the ability of neural networks to perceive objects at different scales. However, compared to the traditional backbone, the calculation process of transformers is time-consuming. Moreover, different branches of the multi-branch modules could cause the same error back propagation in each training iteration, which is not conducive to extracting discriminative features. To solve these problems, we propose a bilateral network based on transformer and CNN to efficiently broaden local details and global semantic information simultaneously. Besides, a Multi-Head Boosting (MHB) strategy is proposed to enhance the specificity of different network branches. By calculating the errors of different prediction heads, each branch can separately pay more attention to the pixels that other branches predict incorrectly. Moreover, Unlike multi-path parallel training, MHB randomly selects one branch each time for gradient back propagation in a boosting way. Additionally, an Attention Feature Fusion Module (AF) is proposed to fuse two types of features according to respective characteristics. Comprehensive experiments on five benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method can achieve a significant performance improvement compared with the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 24.Gait-based Frailty Assessment using Image Representation of IMU Signals and Deep CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07821.pdf)
>  Frailty is a common and critical condition in elderly adults, which may lead to further deterioration of health. However, difficulties and complexities exist in traditional frailty assessments based on activity-related questionnaires. These can be overcome by monitoring the effects of frailty on the gait. In this paper, it is shown that by encoding gait signals as images, deep learning-based models can be utilized for the classification of gait type. Two deep learning models (a) SS-CNN, based on single stride input images, and (b) MS-CNN, based on 3 consecutive strides were proposed. It was shown that MS-CNN performs best with an accuracy of 85.1\%, while SS-CNN achieved an accuracy of 77.3\%. This is because MS-CNN can observe more features corresponding to stride-to-stride variations which is one of the key symptoms of frailty. Gait signals were encoded as images using STFT, CWT, and GAF. While the MS-CNN model using GAF images achieved the best overall accuracy and precision, CWT has a slightly better recall. This study demonstrates how image encoded gait data can be used to exploit the full potential of deep learning CNN models for the assessment of frailty.      
### 25.PTQ-SL: Exploring the Sub-layerwise Post-training Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07809.pdf)
>  Network quantization is a powerful technique to compress convolutional neural networks. The quantization granularity determines how to share the scaling factors in weights, which affects the performance of network quantization. Most existing approaches share the scaling factors layerwisely or channelwisely for quantization of convolutional layers. Channelwise quantization and layerwise quantization have been widely used in various applications. However, other quantization granularities are rarely explored. In this paper, we will explore the sub-layerwise granularity that shares the scaling factor across multiple input and output channels. We propose an efficient post-training quantization method in sub-layerwise granularity (PTQ-SL). Then we systematically experiment on various granularities and observe that the prediction accuracy of the quantized neural network has a strong correlation with the granularity. Moreover, we find that adjusting the position of the channels can improve the performance of sub-layerwise quantization. Therefore, we propose a method to reorder the channels for sub-layerwise quantization. The experiments demonstrate that the sub-layerwise quantization with appropriate channel reordering can outperform the channelwise quantization.      
### 26.Adversarial Purification through Representation Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07801.pdf)
>  Deep learning models are vulnerable to adversarial examples and make incomprehensible mistakes, which puts a threat on their real-world deployment. Combined with the idea of adversarial training, preprocessing-based defenses are popular and convenient to use because of their task independence and good generalizability. Current defense methods, especially purification, tend to remove ``noise" by learning and recovering the natural images. However, different from random noise, the adversarial patterns are much easier to be overfitted during model training due to their strong correlation to the images. In this work, we propose a novel adversarial purification scheme by presenting disentanglement of natural images and adversarial perturbations as a preprocessing defense. With extensive experiments, our defense is shown to be generalizable and make significant protection against unseen strong adversarial attacks. It reduces the success rates of state-of-the-art \textbf{ensemble} attacks from \textbf{61.7\%} to \textbf{14.9\%} on average, superior to a number of existing methods. Notably, our defense restores the perturbed images perfectly and does not hurt the clean accuracy of backbone models, which is highly desirable in practice.      
### 27.EFENet: Reference-based Video Super-Resolution with Enhanced Flow Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07797.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of reference-based video super-resolution(RefVSR), i.e., how to utilize a high-resolution (HR) reference frame to super-resolve a low-resolution (LR) video sequence. The existing approaches to RefVSR essentially attempt to align the reference and the input sequence, in the presence of resolution gap and long temporal range. However, they either ignore temporal structure within the input sequence, or suffer accumulative alignment errors. To address these issues, we propose EFENet to exploit simultaneously the visual cues contained in the HR reference and the temporal information contained in the LR sequence. EFENet first globally estimates cross-scale flow between the reference and each LR frame. Then our novel flow refinement module of EFENet refines the flow regarding the furthest frame using all the estimated flows, which leverages the global temporal information within the sequence and therefore effectively reduces the alignment errors. We provide comprehensive evaluations to validate the strengths of our approach, and to demonstrate that the proposed framework outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IndigoPurple/EFENet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Occupancy Estimation from Thermal Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07796.pdf)
>  We propose a non-intrusive, and privacy-preserving occupancy estimation system for smart environments. The proposed scheme uses thermal images to detect the number of people in a given area. The occupancy estimation model is designed using the concepts of intensity-based and motion-based human segmentation. The notion of difference catcher, connected component labeling, noise filter, and memory propagation are utilized to estimate the occupancy number. We use a real dataset to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed system.      
### 29.DG-Labeler and DGL-MOTS Dataset: Boost the Autonomous Driving Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07790.pdf)
>  Multi-object tracking and segmentation (MOTS) is a critical task for autonomous driving applications. The existing MOTS studies face two critical challenges: 1) the published datasets inadequately capture the real-world complexity for network training to address various driving settings; 2) the working pipeline annotation tool is under-studied in the literature to improve the quality of MOTS learning examples. In this work, we introduce the DG-Labeler and DGL-MOTS dataset to facilitate the training data annotation for the MOTS task and accordingly improve network training accuracy and efficiency. DG-Labeler uses the novel Depth-Granularity Module to depict the instance spatial relations and produce fine-grained instance masks. Annotated by DG-Labeler, our DGL-MOTS dataset exceeds the prior effort (i.e., KITTI MOTS and BDD100K) in data diversity, annotation quality, and temporal representations. Results on extensive cross-dataset evaluations indicate significant performance improvements for several state-of-the-art methods trained on our DGL-MOTS dataset. We believe our DGL-MOTS Dataset and DG-Labeler hold the valuable potential to boost the visual perception of future transportation.      
### 30.Active Learning for Improved Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation in Satellite Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07782.pdf)
>  Remote sensing data is crucial for applications ranging from monitoring forest fires and deforestation to tracking urbanization. Most of these tasks require dense pixel-level annotations for the model to parse visual information from limited labeled data available for these satellite images. Due to the dearth of high-quality labeled training data in this domain, there is a need to focus on semi-supervised techniques. These techniques generate pseudo-labels from a small set of labeled examples which are used to augment the labeled training set. This makes it necessary to have a highly representative and diverse labeled training set. Therefore, we propose to use an active learning-based sampling strategy to select a highly representative set of labeled training data. We demonstrate our proposed method's effectiveness on two existing semantic segmentation datasets containing satellite images: UC Merced Land Use Classification Dataset and DeepGlobe Land Cover Classification Dataset. We report a 27% improvement in mIoU with as little as 2% labeled data using active learning sampling strategies over randomly sampling the small set of labeled training data.      
### 31.NeuroView: Explainable Deep Network Decision Making  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07778.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNs) provide superhuman performance in numerous computer vision tasks, yet it remains unclear exactly which of a DN's units contribute to a particular decision. NeuroView is a new family of DN architectures that are interpretable/explainable by design. Each member of the family is derived from a standard DN architecture by vector quantizing the unit output values and feeding them into a global linear classifier. The resulting architecture establishes a direct, causal link between the state of each unit and the classification decision. We validate NeuroView on standard datasets and classification tasks to show that how its unit/class mapping aids in understanding the decision-making process.      
### 32.4D flight trajectory prediction using a hybrid Deep Learning prediction method based on ADS-B technology: a case study of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport(ATL)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07774.pdf)
>  The core of any flight schedule is the trajectories. In particular, 4D trajectories are the most crucial component for flight attribute prediction. In particular, 4D trajectories are the most crucial component for flight attribute prediction. Each trajectory contains spatial and temporal features that are associated with uncertainties that make the prediction process complex. Today because of the increasing demand for air transportation, it is compulsory for airports and airlines to have an optimized schedule to use all of the airport's infrastructure potential. This is possible using advanced trajectory prediction methods. This paper proposes a novel hybrid deep learning model to extract the spatial and temporal features considering the uncertainty of the prediction model for Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport(ATL). Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B) data are used as input to the models. This research is conducted in three steps: (a) data preprocessing; (b) prediction by a hybrid Convolutional Neural Network and Gated Recurrent Unit (CNN-GRU) along with a 3D-CNN model; (c) The third and last step is the comparison of the model's performance with the proposed model by comparing the experimental results. The deep model uncertainty is considered using the Mont-Carlo dropout (MC-Dropout). Mont-Carlo dropouts are added to the network layers to enhance the model's prediction performance by a robust approach of switching off between different neurons. The results show that the proposed model has low error measurements compared to the other models (i.e., 3D CNN, CNN-GRU). The model with MC-dropout reduces the error further by an average of 21 %.      
### 33.3D Reconstruction of Curvilinear Structures with Stereo Matching DeepConvolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07766.pdf)
>  Curvilinear structures frequently appear in microscopy imaging as the object of interest. Crystallographic defects, i.e., dislocations, are one of the curvilinear structures that have been repeatedly investigated under transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and their 3D structural information is of great importance for understanding the properties of materials. 3D information of dislocations is often obtained by tomography which is a cumbersome process since it is required to acquire many images with different tilt angles and similar imaging conditions. Although, alternative stereoscopy methods lower the number of required images to two, they still require human intervention and shape priors for accurate 3D estimation. We propose a fully automated pipeline for both detection and matching of curvilinear structures in stereo pairs by utilizing deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) without making any prior assumption on 3D shapes. In this work, we mainly focus on 3D reconstruction of dislocations from stereo pairs of TEM images.      
### 34."Knights": First Place Submission for VIPriors21 Action Recognition Challenge at ICCV 2021  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07758.pdf)
>  This technical report presents our approach "Knights" to solve the action recognition task on a small subset of Kinetics-400 i.e. Kinetics400ViPriors without using any extra-data. Our approach has 3 main components: state-of-the-art Temporal Contrastive self-supervised pretraining, video transformer models, and optical flow modality. Along with the use of standard test-time augmentation, our proposed solution achieves 73% on Kinetics400ViPriors test set, which is the best among all of the other entries Visual Inductive Priors for Data-Efficient Computer Vision's Action Recognition Challenge, ICCV 2021.      
### 35.Beyond Classification: Directly Training Spiking Neural Networks for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07742.pdf)
>  Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) have recently emerged as the low-power alternative to Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) because of their sparse, asynchronous, and binary event-driven processing. Due to their energy efficiency, SNNs have a high possibility of being deployed for real-world, resource-constrained systems such as autonomous vehicles and drones. However, owing to their non-differentiable and complex neuronal dynamics, most previous SNN optimization methods have been limited to image recognition. In this paper, we explore the SNN applications beyond classification and present semantic segmentation networks configured with spiking neurons. Specifically, we first investigate two representative SNN optimization techniques for recognition tasks (i.e., ANN-SNN conversion and surrogate gradient learning) on semantic segmentation datasets. We observe that, when converted from ANNs, SNNs suffer from high latency and low performance due to the spatial variance of features. Therefore, we directly train networks with surrogate gradient learning, resulting in lower latency and higher performance than ANN-SNN conversion. Moreover, we redesign two fundamental ANN segmentation architectures (i.e., Fully Convolutional Networks and DeepLab) for the SNN domain. We conduct experiments on two public semantic segmentation benchmarks including the PASCAL VOC2012 dataset and the DDD17 event-based dataset. In addition to showing the feasibility of SNNs for semantic segmentation, we show that SNNs can be more robust and energy-efficient compared to their ANN counterparts in this domain.      
### 36.Active Learning of Neural Collision Handler for Complex 3D Mesh Deformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07727.pdf)
>  We present a robust learning algorithm to detect and handle collisions in 3D deforming meshes. Our collision detector is represented as a bilevel deep autoencoder with an attention mechanism that identifies colliding mesh sub-parts. We use a numerical optimization algorithm to resolve penetrations guided by the network. Our learned collision handler can resolve collisions for unseen, high-dimensional meshes with thousands of vertices. To obtain stable network performance in such large and unseen spaces, we progressively insert new collision data based on the errors in network inferences. We automatically label these data using an analytical collision detector and progressively fine-tune our detection networks. We evaluate our method for collision handling of complex, 3D meshes coming from several datasets with different shapes and topologies, including datasets corresponding to dressed and undressed human poses, cloth simulations, and human hand poses acquired using multiview capture systems. Our approach outperforms supervised learning methods and achieves $93.8-98.1\%$ accuracy compared to the groundtruth by analytic methods. Compared to prior learning methods, our approach results in a $5.16\%-25.50\%$ lower false negative rate in terms of collision checking and a $9.65\%-58.91\%$ higher success rate in collision handling.      
### 37.Multifocal Stereoscopic Projection Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07726.pdf)
>  Stereoscopic projection mapping (PM) allows a user to see a three-dimensional (3D) computer-generated (CG) object floating over physical surfaces of arbitrary shapes around us using projected imagery. However, the current stereoscopic PM technology only satisfies binocular cues and is not capable of providing correct focus cues, which causes a vergence--accommodation conflict (VAC). Therefore, we propose a multifocal approach to mitigate VAC in stereoscopic PM. Our primary technical contribution is to attach electrically focus-tunable lenses (ETLs) to active shutter glasses to control both vergence and accommodation. Specifically, we apply fast and periodical focal sweeps to the ETLs, which causes the "virtual image'" (as an optical term) of a scene observed through the ETLs to move back and forth during each sweep period. A 3D CG object is projected from a synchronized high-speed projector only when the virtual image of the projected imagery is located at a desired distance. This provides an observer with the correct focus cues required. In this study, we solve three technical issues that are unique to stereoscopic PM: (1) The 3D CG object is displayed on non-planar and even moving surfaces; (2) the physical surfaces need to be shown without the focus modulation; (3) the shutter glasses additionally need to be synchronized with the ETLs and the projector. We also develop a novel compensation technique to deal with the "lens breathing" artifact that varies the retinal size of the virtual image through focal length modulation. Further, using a proof-of-concept prototype, we demonstrate that our technique can present the virtual image of a target 3D CG object at the correct depth. Finally, we validate the advantage provided by our technique by comparing it with conventional stereoscopic PM using a user study on a depth-matching task.      
### 38.EMDS-7: Environmental Microorganism Image Dataset Seventh Version for Multiple Object Detection Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07723.pdf)
>  The Environmental Microorganism Image Dataset Seventh Version (EMDS-7) is a microscopic image data set, including the original Environmental Microorganism images (EMs) and the corresponding object labeling files in ".XML" format file. The EMDS-7 data set consists of 41 types of EMs, which has a total of 2365 images and 13216 labeled objects. The EMDS-7 database mainly focuses on the object detection. In order to prove the effectiveness of EMDS-7, we select the most commonly used deep learning methods (Faster-RCNN, YOLOv3, YOLOv4, SSD and RetinaNet) and evaluation indices for testing and evaluation. EMDS-7 is freely published for non-commercial purpose at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yanghechen/EMDS-7" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 39.Decomposing Convolutional Neural Networks into Reusable and Replaceable Modules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07720.pdf)
>  Training from scratch is the most common way to build a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based model. What if we can build new CNN models by reusing parts from previously build CNN models? What if we can improve a CNN model by replacing (possibly faulty) parts with other parts? In both cases, instead of training, can we identify the part responsible for each output class (module) in the model(s) and reuse or replace only the desired output classes to build a model? Prior work has proposed decomposing dense-based networks into modules (one for each output class) to enable reusability and replaceability in various scenarios. However, this work is limited to the dense layers and based on the one-to-one relationship between the nodes in consecutive layers. Due to the shared architecture in the CNN model, prior work cannot be adapted directly. In this paper, we propose to decompose a CNN model used for image classification problems into modules for each output class. These modules can further be reused or replaced to build a new model. We have evaluated our approach with CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and ImageNet tiny datasets with three variations of ResNet models and found that enabling decomposition comes with a small cost (2.38% and 0.81% for top-1 and top-5 accuracy, respectively). Also, building a model by reusing or replacing modules can be done with a 2.3% and 0.5% average loss of accuracy. Furthermore, reusing and replacing these modules reduces CO2e emission by ~37 times compared to training the model from scratch.      
### 40.Certified Patch Robustness via Smoothed Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07719.pdf)
>  Certified patch defenses can guarantee robustness of an image classifier to arbitrary changes within a bounded contiguous region. But, currently, this robustness comes at a cost of degraded standard accuracies and slower inference times. We demonstrate how using vision transformers enables significantly better certified patch robustness that is also more computationally efficient and does not incur a substantial drop in standard accuracy. These improvements stem from the inherent ability of the vision transformer to gracefully handle largely masked images. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MadryLab/smoothed-vit" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Adversarial Attack across Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07718.pdf)
>  It has been observed that Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to transfer attacks in the query-free black-box setting. However, all the previous studies on transfer attack assume that the white-box surrogate models possessed by the attacker and the black-box victim models are trained on the same dataset, which means the attacker implicitly knows the label set and the input size of the victim model. However, this assumption is usually unrealistic as the attacker may not know the dataset used by the victim model, and further, the attacker needs to attack any randomly encountered images that may not come from the same dataset. Therefore, in this paper we define a new Generalized Transferable Attack (GTA) problem where we assume the attacker has a set of surrogate models trained on different datasets (with different label sets and image sizes), and none of them is equal to the dataset used by the victim model. We then propose a novel method called Image Classification Eraser (ICE) to erase classification information for any encountered images from arbitrary dataset. Extensive experiments on Cifar-10, Cifar-100, and TieredImageNet demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed ICE on the GTA problem. Furthermore, we show that existing transfer attack methods can be modified to tackle the GTA problem, but with significantly worse performance compared with ICE.      
### 42.Deep Human-guided Conditional Variational Generative Modeling for Automated Urban Planning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07717.pdf)
>  Urban planning designs land-use configurations and can benefit building livable, sustainable, safe communities. Inspired by image generation, deep urban planning aims to leverage deep learning to generate land-use configurations. However, urban planning is a complex process. Existing studies usually ignore the need of personalized human guidance in planning, and spatial hierarchical structure in planning generation. Moreover, the lack of large-scale land-use configuration samples poses a data sparsity challenge. This paper studies a novel deep human guided urban planning method to jointly solve the above challenges. Specifically, we formulate the problem into a deep conditional variational autoencoder based framework. In this framework, we exploit the deep encoder-decoder design to generate land-use configurations. To capture the spatial hierarchy structure of land uses, we enforce the decoder to generate both the coarse-grained layer of functional zones, and the fine-grained layer of POI distributions. To integrate human guidance, we allow humans to describe what they need as texts and use these texts as a model condition input. To mitigate training data sparsity and improve model robustness, we introduce a variational Gaussian embedding mechanism. It not just allows us to better approximate the embedding space distribution of training data and sample a larger population to overcome sparsity, but also adds more probabilistic randomness into the urban planning generation to improve embedding diversity so as to improve robustness. Finally, we present extensive experiments to validate the enhanced performances of our method.      
### 43.Adversarial Scene Reconstruction and Object Detection System for Assisting Autonomous Vehicle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07716.pdf)
>  In the current computer vision era classifying scenes through video surveillance systems is a crucial task. Artificial Intelligence (AI) Video Surveillance technologies have been advanced remarkably while artificial intelligence and deep learning ascended into the system. Adopting the superior compounds of deep learning visual classification methods achieved enormous accuracy in classifying visual scenes. However, the visual classifiers face difficulties examining the scenes in dark visible areas, especially during the nighttime. Also, the classifiers face difficulties in identifying the contexts of the scenes. This paper proposed a deep learning model that reconstructs dark visual scenes to clear scenes like daylight, and the method recognizes visual actions for the autonomous vehicle. The proposed model achieved 87.3 percent accuracy for scene reconstruction and 89.2 percent in scene understanding and detection tasks.      
### 44.ASK: Adaptively Selecting Key Local Features for RGB-D Scene Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07703.pdf)
>  Indoor scene images usually contain scattered objects and various scene layouts, which make RGB-D scene classification a challenging task. Existing methods still have limitations for classifying scene images with great spatial variability. Thus, how to extract local patch-level features effectively using only image labels is still an open problem for RGB-D scene recognition. In this paper, we propose an efficient framework for RGB-D scene recognition, which adaptively selects important local features to capture the great spatial variability of scene images. Specifically, we design a differentiable local feature selection (DLFS) module, which can extract the appropriate number of key local scenerelated features. Discriminative local theme-level and object-level representations can be selected with the DLFS module from the spatially-correlated multi-modal RGB-D features. We take advantage of the correlation between RGB and depth modalities to provide more cues for selecting local features. To ensure that discriminative local features are selected, the variational mutual information maximization loss is proposed. Additionally, the DLFS module can be easily extended to select local features of different scales. By concatenating the local-orderless and global structured multi-modal features, the proposed framework can achieve state-of-the-art performance on public RGB-D scene recognition datasets.      
### 45.Shaping embodied agent behavior with activity-context priors from egocentric video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07692.pdf)
>  Complex physical tasks entail a sequence of object interactions, each with its own preconditions -- which can be difficult for robotic agents to learn efficiently solely through their own experience. We introduce an approach to discover activity-context priors from in-the-wild egocentric video captured with human worn cameras. For a given object, an activity-context prior represents the set of other compatible objects that are required for activities to succeed (e.g., a knife and cutting board brought together with a tomato are conducive to cutting). We encode our video-based prior as an auxiliary reward function that encourages an agent to bring compatible objects together before attempting an interaction. In this way, our model translates everyday human experience into embodied agent skills. We demonstrate our idea using egocentric EPIC-Kitchens video of people performing unscripted kitchen activities to benefit virtual household robotic agents performing various complex tasks in AI2-iTHOR, significantly accelerating agent learning. Project page: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://vision.cs.utexas.edu/projects/ego-rewards/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 46.Appearance Editing with Free-viewpoint Neural Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07674.pdf)
>  We present a neural rendering framework for simultaneous view synthesis and appearance editing of a scene from multi-view images captured under known environment illumination. Existing approaches either achieve view synthesis alone or view synthesis along with relighting, without direct control over the scene's appearance. Our approach explicitly disentangles the appearance and learns a lighting representation that is independent of it. Specifically, we independently estimate the BRDF and use it to learn a lighting-only representation of the scene. Such disentanglement allows our approach to generalize to arbitrary changes in appearance while performing view synthesis. We show results of editing the appearance of a real scene, demonstrating that our approach produces plausible appearance editing. The performance of our view synthesis approach is demonstrated to be at par with state-of-the-art approaches on both real and synthetic data.      
### 47.Augmenting Imitation Experience via Equivariant Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07668.pdf)
>  The robustness of visual navigation policies trained through imitation often hinges on the augmentation of the training image-action pairs. Traditionally, this has been done by collecting data from multiple cameras, by using standard data augmentations from computer vision, such as adding random noise to each image, or by synthesizing training images. In this paper we show that there is another practical alternative for data augmentation for visual navigation based on extrapolating viewpoint embeddings and actions nearby the ones observed in the training data. Our method makes use of the geometry of the visual navigation problem in 2D and 3D and relies on policies that are functions of equivariant embeddings, as opposed to images. Given an image-action pair from a training navigation dataset, our neural network model predicts the latent representations of images at nearby viewpoints, using the equivariance property, and augments the dataset. We then train a policy on the augmented dataset. Our simulation results indicate that policies trained in this way exhibit reduced cross-track error, and require fewer interventions compared to policies trained using standard augmentation methods. We also show similar results in autonomous visual navigation by a real ground robot along a path of over 500m.      
### 48.Interactive Analysis of CNN Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07667.pdf)
>  While convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have found wide adoption as state-of-the-art models for image-related tasks, their predictions are often highly sensitive to small input perturbations, which the human vision is robust against. This paper presents Perturber, a web-based application that allows users to instantaneously explore how CNN activations and predictions evolve when a 3D input scene is interactively perturbed. Perturber offers a large variety of scene modifications, such as camera controls, lighting and shading effects, background modifications, object morphing, as well as adversarial attacks, to facilitate the discovery of potential vulnerabilities. Fine-tuned model versions can be directly compared for qualitative evaluation of their robustness. Case studies with machine learning experts have shown that Perturber helps users to quickly generate hypotheses about model vulnerabilities and to qualitatively compare model behavior. Using quantitative analyses, we could replicate users' insights with other CNN architectures and input images, yielding new insights about the vulnerability of adversarially trained models.      
### 49.Talking Detection In Collaborative Learning Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07646.pdf)
>  We study the problem of detecting talking activities in collaborative learning videos. Our approach uses head detection and projections of the log-magnitude of optical flow vectors to reduce the problem to a simple classification of small projection images without the need for training complex, 3-D activity classification systems. The small projection images are then easily classified using a simple majority vote of standard classifiers. For talking detection, our proposed approach is shown to significantly outperform single activity systems. We have an overall accuracy of 59% compared to 42% for Temporal Segment Network (TSN) and 45% for Convolutional 3D (C3D). In addition, our method is able to detect multiple talking instances from multiple speakers, while also detecting the speakers themselves.      
### 50.Non-deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07641.pdf)
>  Depth is the hallmark of deep neural networks. But more depth means more sequential computation and higher latency. This begs the question -- is it possible to build high-performing "non-deep" neural networks? We show that it is. To do so, we use parallel subnetworks instead of stacking one layer after another. This helps effectively reduce depth while maintaining high performance. By utilizing parallel substructures, we show, for the first time, that a network with a depth of just 12 can achieve top-1 accuracy over 80% on ImageNet, 96% on CIFAR10, and 81% on CIFAR100. We also show that a network with a low-depth (12) backbone can achieve an AP of 48% on MS-COCO. We analyze the scaling rules for our design and show how to increase performance without changing the network's depth. Finally, we provide a proof of concept for how non-deep networks could be used to build low-latency recognition systems. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/imankgoyal/NonDeepNetworks" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Neural Dubber: Dubbing for Silent Videos According to Scripts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08243.pdf)
>  Dubbing is a post-production process of re-recording actors' dialogues, which is extensively used in filmmaking and video production. It is usually performed manually by professional voice actors who read lines with proper prosody, and in synchronization with the pre-recorded videos. In this work, we propose Neural Dubber, the first neural network model to solve a novel automatic video dubbing (AVD) task: synthesizing human speech synchronized with the given silent video from the text. Neural Dubber is a multi-modal text-to-speech (TTS) model that utilizes the lip movement in the video to control the prosody of the generated speech. Furthermore, an image-based speaker embedding (ISE) module is developed for the multi-speaker setting, which enables Neural Dubber to generate speech with a reasonable timbre according to the speaker's face. Experiments on the chemistry lecture single-speaker dataset and LRS2 multi-speaker dataset show that Neural Dubber can generate speech audios on par with state-of-the-art TTS models in terms of speech quality. Most importantly, both qualitative and quantitative evaluations show that Neural Dubber can control the prosody of synthesized speech by the video, and generate high-fidelity speech temporally synchronized with the video.      
### 52.Guiding Visual Question Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08226.pdf)
>  In traditional Visual Question Generation (VQG), most images have multiple concepts (e.g. objects and categories) for which a question could be generated, but models are trained to mimic an arbitrary choice of concept as given in their training data. This makes training difficult and also poses issues for evaluation -- multiple valid questions exist for most images but only one or a few are captured by the human references. We present Guiding Visual Question Generation - a variant of VQG which conditions the question generator on categorical information based on expectations on the type of question and the objects it should explore. We propose two variants: (i) an explicitly guided model that enables an actor (human or automated) to select which objects and categories to generate a question for; and (ii) an implicitly guided model that learns which objects and categories to condition on, based on discrete latent variables. The proposed models are evaluated on an answer-category augmented VQA dataset and our quantitative results show a substantial improvement over the current state of the art (over 9 BLEU-4 increase). Human evaluation validates that guidance helps the generation of questions that are grammatically coherent and relevant to the given image and objects.      
### 53.Combining Diverse Feature Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08220.pdf)
>  To improve model generalization, model designers often restrict the features that their models use, either implicitly or explicitly. In this work, we explore the design space of leveraging such feature priors by viewing them as distinct perspectives on the data. Specifically, we find that models trained with diverse sets of feature priors have less overlapping failure modes, and can thus be combined more effectively. Moreover, we demonstrate that jointly training such models on additional (unlabeled) data allows them to correct each other's mistakes, which, in turn, leads to better generalization and resilience to spurious correlations. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MadryLab/copriors" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.Shared Visual Representations of Drawing for Communication: How do different biases affect human interpretability and intent?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08203.pdf)
>  We present an investigation into how representational losses can affect the drawings produced by artificial agents playing a communication game. Building upon recent advances, we show that a combination of powerful pretrained encoder networks, with appropriate inductive biases, can lead to agents that draw recognisable sketches, whilst still communicating well. Further, we start to develop an approach to help automatically analyse the semantic content being conveyed by a sketch and demonstrate that current approaches to inducing perceptual biases lead to a notion of objectness being a key feature despite the agent training being self-supervised.      
### 55.The World of an Octopus: How Reporting Bias Influences a Language Model's Perception of Color  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08182.pdf)
>  Recent work has raised concerns about the inherent limitations of text-only pretraining. In this paper, we first demonstrate that reporting bias, the tendency of people to not state the obvious, is one of the causes of this limitation, and then investigate to what extent multimodal training can mitigate this issue. To accomplish this, we 1) generate the Color Dataset (CoDa), a dataset of human-perceived color distributions for 521 common objects; 2) use CoDa to analyze and compare the color distribution found in text, the distribution captured by language models, and a human's perception of color; and 3) investigate the performance differences between text-only and multimodal models on CoDa. Our results show that the distribution of colors that a language model recovers correlates more strongly with the inaccurate distribution found in text than with the ground-truth, supporting the claim that reporting bias negatively impacts and inherently limits text-only training. We then demonstrate that multimodal models can leverage their visual training to mitigate these effects, providing a promising avenue for future research.      
### 56.Trade-offs of Local SGD at Scale: An Empirical Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08133.pdf)
>  As datasets and models become increasingly large, distributed training has become a necessary component to allow deep neural networks to train in reasonable amounts of time. However, distributed training can have substantial communication overhead that hinders its scalability. One strategy for reducing this overhead is to perform multiple unsynchronized SGD steps independently on each worker between synchronization steps, a technique known as local SGD. We conduct a comprehensive empirical study of local SGD and related methods on a large-scale image classification task. We find that performing local SGD comes at a price: lower communication costs (and thereby faster training) are accompanied by lower accuracy. This finding is in contrast from the smaller-scale experiments in prior work, suggesting that local SGD encounters challenges at scale. We further show that incorporating the slow momentum framework of Wang et al. (2020) consistently improves accuracy without requiring additional communication, hinting at future directions for potentially escaping this trade-off.      
### 57.Prediction of Lung CT Scores of Systemic Sclerosis by Cascaded Regression Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08085.pdf)
>  Visually scoring lung involvement in systemic sclerosis from CT scans plays an important role in monitoring progression, but its labor intensiveness hinders practical application. We proposed, therefore, an automatic scoring framework that consists of two cascaded deep regression neural networks. The first (3D) network aims to predict the craniocaudal position of five anatomically defined scoring levels on the 3D CT scans. The second (2D) network receives the resulting 2D axial slices and predicts the scores. We used 227 3D CT scans to train and validate the first network, and the resulting 1135 axial slices were used in the second network. Two experts scored independently a subset of data to obtain intra- and interobserver variabilities and the ground truth for all data was obtained in consensus. To alleviate the unbalance in training labels in the second network, we introduced a sampling technique and to increase the diversity of the training samples synthetic data was generated, mimicking ground glass and reticulation patterns. The 4-fold cross validation showed that our proposed network achieved an average MAE of 5.90, 4.66 and 4.49, weighted kappa of 0.66, 0.58 and 0.65 for total score (TOT), ground glass (GG) and reticular pattern (RET), respectively. Our network performed slightly worse than the best experts on TOT and GG prediction but it has competitive performance on RET prediction and has the potential to be an objective alternative for the visual scoring of SSc in CT thorax studies.      
### 58.Multi-modal Aggregation Network for Fast MR Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08080.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance (MR) imaging is a commonly used scanning technique for disease detection, diagnosis and treatment monitoring. Although it is able to produce detailed images of organs and tissues with better contrast, it suffers from a long acquisition time, which makes the image quality vulnerable to say motion artifacts. Recently, many approaches have been developed to reconstruct full-sampled images from partially observed measurements in order to accelerate MR imaging. However, most of these efforts focus on reconstruction over a single modality or simple fusion of multiple modalities, neglecting the discovery of correlation knowledge at different feature level. In this work, we propose a novel Multi-modal Aggregation Network, named MANet, which is capable of discovering complementary representations from a fully sampled auxiliary modality, with which to hierarchically guide the reconstruction of a given target modality. In our MANet, the representations from the fully sampled auxiliary and undersampled target modalities are learned independently through a specific network. Then, a guided attention module is introduced in each convolutional stage to selectively aggregate multi-modal features for better reconstruction, yielding comprehensive, multi-scale, multi-modal feature fusion. Moreover, our MANet follows a hybrid domain learning framework, which allows it to simultaneously recover the frequency signal in the $k$-space domain as well as restore the image details from the image domain. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of the proposed approach over state-of-the-art MR image reconstruction methods.      
### 59.Multi-Layer Pseudo-Supervision for Histopathology Tissue Semantic Segmentation using Patch-level Classification Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08048.pdf)
>  Tissue-level semantic segmentation is a vital step in computational pathology. Fully-supervised models have already achieved outstanding performance with dense pixel-level annotations. However, drawing such labels on the giga-pixel whole slide images is extremely expensive and time-consuming. In this paper, we use only patch-level classification labels to achieve tissue semantic segmentation on histopathology images, finally reducing the annotation efforts. We proposed a two-step model including a classification and a segmentation phases. In the classification phase, we proposed a CAM-based model to generate pseudo masks by patch-level labels. In the segmentation phase, we achieved tissue semantic segmentation by our proposed Multi-Layer Pseudo-Supervision. Several technical novelties have been proposed to reduce the information gap between pixel-level and patch-level annotations. As a part of this paper, we introduced a new weakly-supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) dataset for lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD-HistoSeg). We conducted several experiments to evaluate our proposed model on two datasets. Our proposed model outperforms two state-of-the-art WSSS approaches. Note that we can achieve comparable quantitative and qualitative results with the fully-supervised model, with only around a 2\% gap for MIoU and FwIoU. By comparing with manual labeling, our model can greatly save the annotation time from hours to minutes. The source code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ChuHan89/WSSS-Tissue" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 60.MaGNET: Uniform Sampling from Deep Generative Network Manifolds Without Retraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08009.pdf)
>  Deep Generative Networks (DGNs) are extensively employed in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), Variational Autoencoders (VAEs), and their variants to approximate the data manifold, and data distribution on that manifold. However, training samples are often obtained based on preferences, costs, or convenience producing artifacts in the empirical data distribution e.g., the large fraction of smiling faces in the CelebA dataset or the large fraction of dark-haired individuals in FFHQ. These inconsistencies will be reproduced when sampling from the trained DGN, which has far-reaching potential implications for fairness, data augmentation, anomaly detection, domain adaptation, and beyond. In response, we develop a differential geometry based sampler -- coined MaGNET -- that, given any trained DGN, produces samples that are uniformly distributed on the learned manifold. We prove theoretically and empirically that our technique produces a uniform distribution on the manifold regardless of the training set distribution. We perform a range of experiments on various datasets and DGNs. One of them considers the state-of-the-art StyleGAN2 trained on FFHQ dataset, where uniform sampling via MaGNET increases distribution precision and recall by 4.1% &amp; 3.0% and decreases gender bias by 41.2%, without requiring labels or retraining.      
### 61.Combining CNNs With Transformer for Multimodal 3D MRI Brain Tumor Segmentation With Self-Supervised Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07919.pdf)
>  We apply an ensemble of modified TransBTS, nnU-Net, and a combination of both for the segmentation task of the BraTS 2021 challenge. In fact, we change the original architecture of the TransBTS model by adding Squeeze-and-Excitation blocks, an increasing number of CNN layers, replacing positional encoding in Transformer block with a learnable Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) embeddings, which makes Transformer adjustable to any input size during inference. With these modifications, we are able to largely improve TransBTS performance. Inspired by a nnU-Net framework we decided to combine it with our modified TransBTS by changing the architecture inside nnU-Net to our custom model. On the Validation set of BraTS 2021, the ensemble of these approaches achieves 0.8496, 0.8698, 0.9256 Dice score and 15.72, 11.057, 3.374 HD95 for enhancing tumor, tumor core, and whole tumor, correspondingly. Our code is publicly available.      
### 62.Single volume lung biomechanics from chest computed tomography using a mode preserving generative adversarial network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07878.pdf)
>  Local tissue expansion of the lungs is typically derived by registering computed tomography (CT) scans acquired at multiple lung volumes. However, acquiring multiple scans incurs increased radiation dose, time, and cost, and may not be possible in many cases, thus restricting the applicability of registration-based biomechanics. We propose a generative adversarial learning approach for estimating local tissue expansion directly from a single CT scan. The proposed framework was trained and evaluated on 2500 subjects from the SPIROMICS cohort. Once trained, the framework can be used as a registration-free method for predicting local tissue expansion. We evaluated model performance across varying degrees of disease severity and compared its performance with two image-to-image translation frameworks - UNet and Pix2Pix. Our model achieved an overall PSNR of 18.95 decibels, SSIM of 0.840, and Spearman's correlation of 0.61 at a high spatial resolution of 1 mm3.      
### 63.Understanding and Improving Robustness of Vision Transformers through Patch-based Negative Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07858.pdf)
>  We investigate the robustness of vision transformers (ViTs) through the lens of their special patch-based architectural structure, i.e., they process an image as a sequence of image patches. We find that ViTs are surprisingly insensitive to patch-based transformations, even when the transformation largely destroys the original semantics and makes the image unrecognizable by humans. This indicates that ViTs heavily use features that survived such transformations but are generally not indicative of the semantic class to humans. Further investigations show that these features are useful but non-robust, as ViTs trained on them can achieve high in-distribution accuracy, but break down under distribution shifts. From this understanding, we ask: can training the model to rely less on these features improve ViT robustness and out-of-distribution performance? We use the images transformed with our patch-based operations as negatively augmented views and offer losses to regularize the training away from using non-robust features. This is a complementary view to existing research that mostly focuses on augmenting inputs with semantic-preserving transformations to enforce models' invariance. We show that patch-based negative augmentation consistently improves robustness of ViTs across a wide set of ImageNet based robustness benchmarks. Furthermore, we find our patch-based negative augmentation are complementary to traditional (positive) data augmentation, and together boost the performance further. All the code in this work will be open-sourced.      
### 64.Application of Homomorphic Encryption in Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07768.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we explore the use of homomorphic encryption (HE) in the context of training and predicting with deep learning (DL) models to deliver strict \textit{Privacy by Design} services, and to enforce a zero-trust model of data governance. First, we show how HE can be used to make predictions over medical images while preventing unauthorized secondary use of data, and detail our results on a disease classification task with OCT images. Then, we demonstrate that HE can be used to secure the training of DL models through federated learning, and report some experiments using 3D chest CT-Scans for a nodule detection task.      
### 65.A deep learning model for classification of diabetic retinopathy in eye fundus images based on retinal lesion detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07745.pdf)
>  Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is the result of a complication of diabetes affecting the retina. It can cause blindness, if left undiagnosed and untreated. An ophthalmologist performs the diagnosis by screening each patient and analyzing the retinal lesions via ocular imaging. In practice, such analysis is time-consuming and cumbersome to perform. This paper presents a model for automatic DR classification on eye fundus images. The approach identifies the main ocular lesions related to DR and subsequently diagnoses the illness. The proposed method follows the same workflow as the clinicians, providing information that can be interpreted clinically to support the prediction. A subset of the kaggle EyePACS and the Messidor-2 datasets, labeled with ocular lesions, is made publicly available. The kaggle EyePACS subset is used as a training set and the Messidor-2 as a test set for lesions and DR classification models. For DR diagnosis, our model has an area-under-the-curve, sensitivity, and specificity of 0.948, 0.886, and 0.875, respectively, which competes with state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 66.Pre-training Molecular Graph Representation with 3D Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07728.pdf)
>  Molecular graph representation learning is a fundamental problem in modern drug and material discovery. Molecular graphs are typically modeled by their 2D topological structures, but it has been recently discovered that 3D geometric information plays a more vital role in predicting molecular functionalities. However, the lack of 3D information in real-world scenarios has significantly impeded the learning of geometric graph representation. To cope with this challenge, we propose the Graph Multi-View Pre-training (GraphMVP) framework where self-supervised learning (SSL) is performed by leveraging the correspondence and consistency between 2D topological structures and 3D geometric views. GraphMVP effectively learns a 2D molecular graph encoder that is enhanced by richer and more discriminative 3D geometry. We further provide theoretical insights to justify the effectiveness of GraphMVP. Finally, comprehensive experiments show that GraphMVP can consistently outperform existing graph SSL methods.      
### 67.Gray Matter Segmentation in Ultra High Resolution 7 Tesla ex vivo T2w MRI of Human Brain Hemispheres  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07711.pdf)
>  Ex vivo MRI of the brain provides remarkable advantages over in vivo MRI for visualizing and characterizing detailed neuroanatomy. However, automated cortical segmentation methods in ex vivo MRI are not well developed, primarily due to limited availability of labeled datasets, and heterogeneity in scanner hardware and acquisition protocols. In this work, we present a high resolution 7 Tesla dataset of 32 ex vivo human brain specimens. We benchmark the cortical mantle segmentation performance of nine neural network architectures, trained and evaluated using manually-segmented 3D patches sampled from specific cortical regions, and show excellent generalizing capabilities across whole brain hemispheres in different specimens, and also on unseen images acquired at different magnetic field strength and imaging sequences. Finally, we provide cortical thickness measurements across key regions in 3D ex vivo human brain images. Our code and processed datasets are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Pulkit-Khandelwal/picsl-ex-vivo-segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.Non-contact Atrial Fibrillation Detection from Face Videos by Learning Systolic Peaks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07610.pdf)
>  Objective: We propose a non-contact approach for atrial fibrillation (AF) detection from face videos. Methods: Face videos, electrocardiography (ECG), and contact photoplethysmography (PPG) from 100 healthy subjects and 100 AF patients are recorded. All the videos in the healthy group are labeled as healthy. Videos in the patient group are labeled as AF, sinus rhythm (SR), or atrial flutter (AFL) by cardiologists. We use the 3D convolutional neural network for remote PPG measurement and propose a novel loss function (Wasserstein distance) to use the timing of systolic peaks from contact PPG as the label for our model training. Then a set of heart rate variability (HRV) features are calculated from the inter-beat intervals, and a support vector machine (SVM) classifier is trained with HRV features. Results: Our proposed method can accurately extract systolic peaks from face videos for AF detection. The proposed method is trained with subject-independent 10-fold cross-validation with 30s video clips and tested on two tasks. 1) Classification of healthy versus AF: the accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity are 96.16%, 95.71%, and 96.23%. 2) Classification of SR versus AF: the accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity are 95.31%, 98.66%, and 91.11%. Conclusion: We achieve good performance of non-contact AF detection by learning systolic peaks. Significance: non-contact AF detection can be used for self-screening of AF symptom for suspectable populations at home, or self-monitoring of AF recurrence after treatment for the chronical patients.      
### 69.3D Structure from 2D Microscopy images using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07608.pdf)
>  Understanding the structure of a protein complex is crucial indetermining its function. However, retrieving accurate 3D structures from microscopy images is highly challenging, particularly as many imaging modalities are two-dimensional. Recent advances in Artificial Intelligence have been applied to this problem, primarily using voxel based approaches to analyse sets of electron microscopy images. Herewe present a deep learning solution for reconstructing the protein com-plexes from a number of 2D single molecule localization microscopy images, with the solution being completely unconstrained. Our convolutional neural network coupled with a differentiable renderer predicts pose and derives a single structure. After training, the network is dis-carded, with the output of this method being a structural model which fits the data-set. We demonstrate the performance of our system on two protein complexes: CEP152 (which comprises part of the proximal toroid of the centriole) and centrioles.      
### 70.HumBugDB: A Large-scale Acoustic Mosquito Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07607.pdf)
>  This paper presents the first large-scale multi-species dataset of acoustic recordings of mosquitoes tracked continuously in free flight. We present 20 hours of audio recordings that we have expertly labelled and tagged precisely in time. Significantly, 18 hours of recordings contain annotations from 36 different species. Mosquitoes are well-known carriers of diseases such as malaria, dengue and yellow fever. Collecting this dataset is motivated by the need to assist applications which utilise mosquito acoustics to conduct surveys to help predict outbreaks and inform intervention policy. The task of detecting mosquitoes from the sound of their wingbeats is challenging due to the difficulty in collecting recordings from realistic scenarios. To address this, as part of the HumBug project, we conducted global experiments to record mosquitoes ranging from those bred in culture cages to mosquitoes captured in the wild. Consequently, the audio recordings vary in signal-to-noise ratio and contain a broad range of indoor and outdoor background environments from Tanzania, Thailand, Kenya, the USA and the UK. In this paper we describe in detail how we collected, labelled and curated the data. The data is provided from a PostgreSQL database, which contains important metadata such as the capture method, age, feeding status and gender of the mosquitoes. Additionally, we provide code to extract features and train Bayesian convolutional neural networks for two key tasks: the identification of mosquitoes from their corresponding background environments, and the classification of detected mosquitoes into species. Our extensive dataset is both challenging to machine learning researchers focusing on acoustic identification, and critical to entomologists, geo-spatial modellers and other domain experts to understand mosquito behaviour, model their distribution, and manage the threat they pose to humans.      
