# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 26 Oct 2021
### 1.Diagnosing Errors in Video Relation Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13110.pdf)
>  Video relation detection forms a new and challenging problem in computer vision, where subjects and objects need to be localized spatio-temporally and a predicate label needs to be assigned if and only if there is an interaction between the two. Despite recent progress in video relation detection, overall performance is still marginal and it remains unclear what the key factors are towards solving the problem. Following examples set in the object detection and action localization literature, we perform a deep dive into the error diagnosis of current video relation detection approaches. We introduce a diagnostic tool for analyzing the sources of detection errors. Our tool evaluates and compares current approaches beyond the single scalar metric of mean Average Precision by defining different error types specific to video relation detection, used for false positive analyses. Moreover, we examine different factors of influence on the performance in a false negative analysis, including relation length, number of subject/object/predicate instances, and subject/object size. Finally, we present the effect on video relation performance when considering an oracle fix for each error type. On two video relation benchmarks, we show where current approaches excel and fall short, allowing us to pinpoint the most important future directions in the field. The tool is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shanshuo/DiagnoseVRD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 2.STransGAN: An Empirical Study on Transformer in GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13107.pdf)
>  Transformer becomes prevalent in computer vision, especially for high-level vision tasks. However, deploying Transformer in the generative adversarial network (GAN) framework is still an open yet challenging problem. In this paper, we conduct a comprehensive empirical study to investigate the intrinsic properties of Transformer in GAN for high-fidelity image synthesis. Our analysis highlights the importance of feature locality in image generation. We first investigate the effective ways to implement local attention. We then examine the influence of residual connections in self-attention layers and propose a novel way to reduce their negative impacts on learning discriminators and conditional generators. Our study leads to a new design of Transformers in GAN, a convolutional neural network (CNN)-free generator termed as STrans-G, which achieves competitive results in both unconditional and conditional image generations. The Transformer-based discriminator, STrans-D, also significantly reduces its gap against the CNN-based discriminators.      
### 3.Rotation Equivariant Deforestation Segmentation and Driver Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13097.pdf)
>  Deforestation has become a significant contributing factor to climate change and, due to this, both classifying the drivers and predicting segmentation maps of deforestation has attracted significant interest. In this work, we develop a rotation equivariant convolutional neural network model to predict the drivers and generate segmentation maps of deforestation events from Landsat 8 satellite images. This outperforms previous methods in classifying the drivers and predicting the segmentation map of deforestation, offering a 9% improvement in classification accuracy and a 7% improvement in segmentation map accuracy. In addition, this method predicts stable segmentation maps under rotation of the input image, which ensures that predicted regions of deforestation are not dependent upon the rotational orientation of the satellite.      
### 4.MVT: Multi-view Vision Transformer for 3D Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13083.pdf)
>  Inspired by the great success achieved by CNN in image recognition, view-based methods applied CNNs to model the projected views for 3D object understanding and achieved excellent performance. Nevertheless, multi-view CNN models cannot model the communications between patches from different views, limiting its effectiveness in 3D object recognition. Inspired by the recent success gained by vision Transformer in image recognition, we propose a Multi-view Vision Transformer (MVT) for 3D object recognition. Since each patch feature in a Transformer block has a global reception field, it naturally achieves communications between patches from different views. Meanwhile, it takes much less inductive bias compared with its CNN counterparts. Considering both effectiveness and efficiency, we develop a global-local structure for our MVT. Our experiments on two public benchmarks, ModelNet40 and ModelNet10, demonstrate the competitive performance of our MVT.      
### 5.2nd Place Solution for SODA10M Challenge 2021 -- Continual Detection Track  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13064.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we present our approaches for the continual object detection track of the SODA10M challenge. We adapt ResNet50-FPN as the baseline and try several improvements for the final submission model. We find that task-specific replay scheme, learning rate scheduling, model calibration, and using original image scale helps to improve performance for both large and small objects in images. Our team `hypertune28' secured the second position among 52 participants in the challenge. This work will be presented at the ICCV 2021 Workshop on Self-supervised Learning for Next-Generation Industry-level Autonomous Driving (SSLAD).      
### 6.Exploiting Redundancy: Separable Group Convolutional Networks on Lie Groups  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13059.pdf)
>  Group convolutional neural networks (G-CNNs) have been shown to increase parameter efficiency and model accuracy by incorporating geometric inductive biases. In this work, we investigate the properties of representations learned by regular G-CNNs, and show considerable parameter redundancy in group convolution kernels. This finding motivates further weight-tying by sharing convolution kernels over subgroups. To this end, we introduce convolution kernels that are separable over the subgroup and channel dimensions. In order to obtain equivariance to arbitrary affine Lie groups we provide a continuous parameterisation of separable convolution kernels. We evaluate our approach across several vision datasets, and show that our weight sharing leads to improved performance and computational efficiency. In many settings, separable G-CNNs outperform their non-separable counterpart, while only using a fraction of their training time. In addition, thanks to the increase in computational efficiency, we are able to implement G-CNNs equivariant to the $\mathrm{Sim(2)}$ group; the group of dilations, rotations and translations. $\mathrm{Sim(2)}$-equivariance further improves performance on all tasks considered.      
### 7.Some like it tough: Improving model generalization via progressively increasing the training difficulty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13058.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose to progressively increase the training difficulty during learning a neural network model via a novel strategy which we call mini-batch trimming. This strategy makes sure that the optimizer puts its focus in the later training stages on the more difficult samples, which we identify as the ones with the highest loss in the current mini-batch. The strategy is very easy to integrate into an existing training pipeline and does not necessitate a change of the network model. Experiments on several image classification problems show that mini-batch trimming is able to increase the generalization ability (measured via final test error) of the trained model.      
### 8.TAPL: Dynamic Part-based Visual Tracking via Attention-guided Part Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13027.pdf)
>  Holistic object representation-based trackers suffer from performance drop under large appearance change such as deformation and occlusion. In this work, we propose a dynamic part-based tracker and constantly update the target part representation to adapt to object appearance change. Moreover, we design an attention-guided part localization network to directly predict the target part locations, and determine the final bounding box with the distribution of target parts. Our proposed tracker achieves promising results on various benchmarks: VOT2018, OTB100 and GOT-10k      
### 9.Logsig-RNN: a novel network for robust and efficient skeleton-based action recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13008.pdf)
>  This paper contributes to the challenge of skeleton-based human action recognition in videos. The key step is to develop a generic network architecture to extract discriminative features for the spatio-temporal skeleton data. In this paper, we propose a novel module, namely Logsig-RNN, which is the combination of the log-signature layer and recurrent type neural networks (RNNs). The former one comes from the mathematically principled technology of signatures and log-signatures as representations for streamed data, which can manage high sample rate streams, non-uniform sampling and time series of variable length. It serves as an enhancement of the recurrent layer, which can be conveniently plugged into neural networks. Besides we propose two path transformation layers to significantly reduce path dimension while retaining the essential information fed into the Logsig-RNN module. Finally, numerical results demonstrate that replacing the RNN module by the Logsig-RNN module in SOTA networks consistently improves the performance on both Chalearn gesture data and NTU RGB+D 120 action data in terms of accuracy and robustness. In particular, we achieve the state-of-the-art accuracy on Chalearn2013 gesture data by combining simple path transformation layers with the Logsig-RNN. Codes are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/steveliao93/GCN_LogsigRNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 10.Neural Relightable Participating Media Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12993.pdf)
>  Learning neural radiance fields of a scene has recently allowed realistic novel view synthesis of the scene, but they are limited to synthesize images under the original fixed lighting condition. Therefore, they are not flexible for the eagerly desired tasks like relighting, scene editing and scene composition. To tackle this problem, several recent methods propose to disentangle reflectance and illumination from the radiance field. These methods can cope with solid objects with opaque surfaces but participating media are neglected. Also, they take into account only direct illumination or at most one-bounce indirect illumination, thus suffer from energy loss due to ignoring the high-order indirect illumination. We propose to learn neural representations for participating media with a complete simulation of global illumination. We estimate direct illumination via ray tracing and compute indirect illumination with spherical harmonics. Our approach avoids computing the lengthy indirect bounces and does not suffer from energy loss. Our experiments on multiple scenes show that our approach achieves superior visual quality and numerical performance compared to state-of-the-art methods, and it can generalize to deal with solid objects with opaque surfaces as well.      
### 11.MoDeRNN: Towards Fine-grained Motion Details for Spatiotemporal Predictive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12978.pdf)
>  Spatiotemporal predictive learning (ST-PL) aims at predicting the subsequent frames via limited observed sequences, and it has broad applications in the real world. However, learning representative spatiotemporal features for prediction is challenging. Moreover, chaotic uncertainty among consecutive frames exacerbates the difficulty in long-term prediction. This paper concentrates on improving prediction quality by enhancing the correspondence between the previous context and the current state. We carefully design Detail Context Block (DCB) to extract fine-grained details and improves the isolated correlation between upper context state and current input state. We integrate DCB with standard ConvLSTM and introduce Motion Details RNN (MoDeRNN) to capture fine-grained spatiotemporal features and improves the expression of latent states of RNNs to achieve significant quality. Experiments on Moving MNIST and Typhoon datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. MoDeRNN outperforms existing state-of-the-art techniques qualitatively and quantitatively with lower computation loads.      
### 12.Shape and Reflectance Reconstruction in Uncontrolled Environments by Differentiable Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12975.pdf)
>  Simultaneous reconstruction of geometry and reflectance properties in uncontrolled environments remains a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose an efficient method to reconstruct the scene's 3D geometry and reflectance from multi-view photography using conventional hand-held cameras. Our method automatically builds a virtual scene in a differentiable rendering system that roughly matches the real world's scene parameters, optimized by minimizing photometric objectives alternatingly and stochastically. With the optimal scene parameters evaluated, photo-realistic novel views for various viewing angles and distances can then be generated by our approach. We present the results of captured scenes with complex geometry and various reflection types. Our method also shows superior performance compared to state-of-the-art alternatives in novel view synthesis visually and quantitatively.      
### 13.Semantic Detection of Potential Wind-borne Debris in Construction Jobsites: Digital Twining for Hurricane Preparedness and Jobsite Safety  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12968.pdf)
>  In the United States, hurricanes are the most devastating natural disasters causing billions of dollars worth of damage every year. More importantly, construction jobsites are classified among the most vulnerable environments to severe wind events. During hurricanes, unsecured and incomplete elements of construction sites, such as scaffoldings, plywoods, and metal rods, will become the potential wind-borne debris, causing cascading damages to the construction projects and the neighboring communities. Thus, it is no wonder that construction firms implement jobsite emergency plans to enforce preparedness responses before extreme weather events. However, relying on checklist-based emergency action plans to carry out a thorough hurricane preparedness is challenging in large-scale and complex site environments. For enabling systematic responses for hurricane preparedness, we have proposed a vision-based technique to identify and analyze the potential wind-borne debris in construction jobsites. Building on this, this paper demonstrates the fidelity of a new machine vision-based method to support construction site hurricane preparedness and further discuss its implications. The outcomes indicate that the convenience of visual data collection and the advantages of the machine vision-based frameworks enable rapid scene understanding and thus, provide critical heads up for practitioners to recognize and localize the potential wind-borne derbies in construction jobsites and effectively implement hurricane preparedness.      
### 14.Event Data Association via Robust Model Fitting for Event-based Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12962.pdf)
>  Event-based approaches, which are based on bio-inspired asynchronous event cameras, have achieved promising performance on various computer vision tasks. However, the study of the fundamental event data association problem is still in its infancy. In this paper, we propose a novel Event Data Association approach (called EDA) to explicitly address the data association problem. The proposed EDA seeks for event trajectories that best fit the event data, in order to perform unifying data association. In EDA, we first asynchronously gather the event data, based on its information entropy. Then, we introduce a deterministic model hypothesis generation strategy, which effectively generates model hypotheses from the gathered events, to represent the corresponding event trajectories. After that, we present a two-stage weighting algorithm, which robustly weighs and selects true models from the generated model hypotheses, through multi-structural geometric model fitting. Meanwhile, we also propose an adaptive model selection strategy to automatically determine the number of the true models. Finally, we use the selected true models to associate the event data, without being affected by sensor noise and irrelevant structures. We evaluate the performance of the proposed EDA on the object tracking task. The experimental results show the effectiveness of EDA under challenging scenarios, such as high speed, motion blur, and high dynamic range conditions.      
### 15.DocTr: Document Image Transformer for Geometric Unwarping and Illumination Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12942.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a new framework, called Document Image Transformer (DocTr), to address the issue of geometry and illumination distortion of the document images. Specifically, DocTr consists of a geometric unwarping transformer and an illumination correction transformer. By setting a set of learned query embedding, the geometric unwarping transformer captures the global context of the document image by self-attention mechanism and decodes the pixel-wise displacement solution to correct the geometric distortion. After geometric unwarping, our illumination correction transformer further removes the shading artifacts to improve the visual quality and OCR accuracy. Extensive evaluations are conducted on several datasets, and superior results are reported against the state-of-the-art methods. Remarkably, our DocTr achieves 20.02% Character Error Rate (CER), a 15% absolute improvement over the state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, it also shows high efficiency on running time and parameter count. The results will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fh2019ustc/DocTr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for further comparison.      
### 16.Spoofing Detection on Hand Images Using Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12923.pdf)
>  Recent research on biometrics focuses on achieving a high success rate of authentication and addressing the concern of various spoofing attacks. Although hand geometry recognition provides adequate security over unauthorized access, it is susceptible to presentation attack. This paper presents an anti-spoofing method toward hand biometrics. A presentation attack detection approach is addressed by assessing the visual quality of genuine and fake hand images. A threshold-based gradient magnitude similarity quality metric is proposed to discriminate between the real and spoofed hand samples. The visual hand images of 255 subjects from the Bogazici University hand database are considered as original samples. Correspondingly, from each genuine sample, we acquire a forged image using a Canon EOS 700D camera. Such fake hand images with natural degradation are considered for electronic screen display based spoofing attack detection. Furthermore, we create another fake hand dataset with artificial degradation by introducing additional Gaussian blur, salt and pepper, and speckle noises to original images. Ten quality metrics are measured from each sample for classification between original and fake hand image. The classification experiments are performed using the k-nearest neighbors, random forest, and support vector machine classifiers, as well as deep convolutional neural networks. The proposed gradient similarity-based quality metric achieves 1.5% average classification er ror using the k-nearest neighbors and random forest classifiers. An average classification error of 2.5% is obtained using the baseline evaluation with the MobileNetV2 deep network for discriminating original and different types of fake hand samples.      
### 17.SILT: Self-supervised Lighting Transfer Using Implicit Image Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12914.pdf)
>  We present SILT, a Self-supervised Implicit Lighting Transfer method. Unlike previous research on scene relighting, we do not seek to apply arbitrary new lighting configurations to a given scene. Instead, we wish to transfer the lighting style from a database of other scenes, to provide a uniform lighting style regardless of the input. The solution operates as a two-branch network that first aims to map input images of any arbitrary lighting style to a unified domain, with extra guidance achieved through implicit image decomposition. We then remap this unified input domain using a discriminator that is presented with the generated outputs and the style reference, i.e. images of the desired illumination conditions. Our method is shown to outperform supervised relighting solutions across two different datasets without requiring lighting supervision.      
### 18.Network compression and faster inference using spatial basis filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12844.pdf)
>  We present an efficient alternative to the convolutional layer through utilising spatial basis filters (SBF). SBF layers exploit the spatial redundancy in the convolutional filters across the depth to achieve overall model compression, while maintaining the top-end accuracy of their dense counter-parts. Training SBF-Nets is modelled as a simple pruning problem, but instead of zeroing out the pruned channels, they are replaced with inexpensive transformations from the set of non-pruned features. To enable an adoption of these SBF layers, we provide a flexible training pipeline and an efficient implementation in CUDA with low latency. To further demonstrate the effective capacity of these models, we apply semi-supervised knowledge distillation that leads to significant performance improvements over the baseline networks. Our experiments show that SBF-Nets are effective and achieve comparable or improved performance to state-of-the-art across CIFAR10, CIFAR100, Tiny-ImageNet, and ILSCRC-2012.      
### 19.TPSNet: Thin-Plate-Spline Representation for Arbitrary Shape Scene Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12826.pdf)
>  The research focus of scene text detection has shifted to arbitrary shape text in recent years, in which text representation is a fundamental problem. An ideal representation should be compact, complete, integral, and reusable for subsequent recognition in our opinion. However, previous representations suffer from one or several aspects. Thin-Plate-Spline (TPS) transformation has achieved great success in scene text recognition. Inspired from this, we reversely think its usage and sophisticatedly take TPS as an exquisite representation for arbitrary shape text detection. The TPS representation is compact, complete and integral, and with the predicted TPS parameters, the detected text region can be rectified to near-horizontal one which is beneficial for subsequent recognition. To solve the supervision problem of TPS training without key point annotations, two novel losses including the boundary set loss and the shape alignment loss are proposed. Extensive evaluation and ablation on several public benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method.      
### 20.Restore from Restored: Single-image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12822.pdf)
>  Recent image inpainting methods have shown promising results due to the power of deep learning, which can explore external information available from the large training dataset. However, many state-of-the-art inpainting networks are still limited in exploiting internal information available in the given input image at test time. To mitigate this problem, we present a novel and efficient self-supervised fine-tuning algorithm that can adapt the parameters of fully pre-trained inpainting networks without using ground-truth target images. We update the parameters of the pre-trained state-of-the-art inpainting networks by utilizing existing self-similar patches (i.e., self-exemplars) within the given input image without changing the network architecture and improve the inpainting quality by a large margin. Qualitative and quantitative experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed algorithm, and we achieve state-of-the-art inpainting results on publicly available benchmark datasets.      
### 21.Domain Adaptation in Multi-View Embedding for Cross-Modal Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12812.pdf)
>  Given a gallery of uncaptioned video sequences, this paper considers the task of retrieving videos based on their relevance to an unseen text query. To compensate for the lack of annotations, we rely instead on a related video gallery composed of video-caption pairs, termed the source gallery, albeit with a domain gap between its videos and those in the target gallery. We thus introduce the problem of Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Cross-modal Video Retrieval, along with a new benchmark on fine-grained actions. We propose a novel iterative domain alignment method by means of pseudo-labelling target videos and cross-domain (i.e. source-target) ranking. Our approach adapts the embedding space to the target gallery, consistently outperforming source-only as well as marginal and conditional alignment methods.      
### 22.Multi-scale Iterative Residuals for Fast and Scalable Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12769.pdf)
>  Despite the remarkable progress of deep learning in stereo matching, there exists a gap in accuracy between real-time models and slower state-of-the-art models which are suitable for practical applications. This paper presents an iterative multi-scale coarse-to-fine refinement (iCFR) framework to bridge this gap by allowing it to adopt any stereo matching network to make it fast, more efficient and scalable while keeping comparable accuracy. To reduce the computational cost of matching, we use multi-scale warped features to estimate disparity residuals and push the disparity search range in the cost volume to a minimum limit. Finally, we apply a refinement network to recover the loss of precision which is inherent in multi-scale approaches. We test our iCFR framework by adopting the matching networks from state-of-the art GANet and AANet. The result is 49$\times$ faster inference time compared to GANetdeep and 4$\times$ less memory consumption, with comparable error. Our best performing network, which we call FRSNet is scalable even up to an input resolution of 6K on a GTX 1080Ti, with inference time still below one second and comparable accuracy to AANet+. It out-performs all real-time stereo methods and achieves competitive accuracy on the KITTI benchmark.      
### 23.Highly Efficient Natural Image Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12748.pdf)
>  Over the last few years, deep learning based approaches have achieved outstanding improvements in natural image matting. However, there are still two drawbacks that impede the widespread application of image matting: the reliance on user-provided trimaps and the heavy model sizes. In this paper, we propose a trimap-free natural image matting method with a lightweight model. With a lightweight basic convolution block, we build a two-stages framework: Segmentation Network (SN) is designed to capture sufficient semantics and classify the pixels into unknown, foreground and background regions; Matting Refine Network (MRN) aims at capturing detailed texture information and regressing accurate alpha values. With the proposed cross-level fusion Module (CFM), SN can efficiently utilize multi-scale features with less computational cost. Efficient non-local attention module (ENA) in MRN can efficiently model the relevance between different pixels and help regress high-quality alpha values. Utilizing these techniques, we construct an extremely light-weighted model, which achieves comparable performance with ~1\% parameters (344k) of large models on popular natural image matting benchmarks.      
### 24.LAE : Long-tailed Age Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12741.pdf)
>  Facial age estimation is an important yet very challenging problem in computer vision. To improve the performance of facial age estimation, we first formulate a simple standard baseline and build a much strong one by collecting the tricks in pre-training, data augmentation, model architecture, and so on. Compared with the standard baseline, the proposed one significantly decreases the estimation errors. Moreover, long-tailed recognition has been an important topic in facial age datasets, where the samples often lack on the elderly and children. To train a balanced age estimator, we propose a two-stage training method named Long-tailed Age Estimation (LAE), which decouples the learning procedure into representation learning and classification. The effectiveness of our approach has been demonstrated on the dataset provided by organizers of Guess The Age Contest 2021.      
### 25.Fast Gradient Non-sign Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12734.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks make their success in \enquote{fooling} DNNs and among them, gradient-based algorithms become one of the mainstreams. Based on the linearity hypothesis~\cite{fgsm}, under $\ell_\infty$ constraint, $sign$ operation applied to the gradients is a good choice for generating perturbations. However, the side-effect from such operation exists since it leads to the bias of direction between the real gradients and the perturbations. In other words, current methods contain a gap between real gradients and actual noises, which leads to biased and inefficient attacks. Therefore in this paper, based on the Taylor expansion, the bias is analyzed theoretically and the correction of $\sign$, \ie, Fast Gradient Non-sign Method (FGNM), is further proposed. Notably, FGNM is a general routine, which can seamlessly replace the conventional $sign$ operation in gradient-based attacks with negligible extra computational cost. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods. Specifically, ours outperform them by \textbf{27.5\%} at most and \textbf{9.5\%} on average. Our anonymous code is publicly available: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/mm-fgnm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 26.Instance-Conditional Knowledge Distillation for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12724.pdf)
>  Despite the success of Knowledge Distillation (KD) on image classification, it is still challenging to apply KD on object detection due to the difficulty in locating knowledge. In this paper, we propose an instance-conditional distillation framework to find desired knowledge. To locate knowledge of each instance, we use observed instances as condition information and formulate the retrieval process as an instance-conditional decoding process. Specifically, information of each instance that specifies a condition is encoded as query, and teacher's information is presented as key, we use the attention between query and key to measure the correlation, formulated by the transformer decoder. To guide this module, we further introduce an auxiliary task that directs to instance localization and identification, which are fundamental for detection. Extensive experiments demonstrate the efficacy of our method: we observe impressive improvements under various settings. Notably, we boost RetinaNet with ResNet-50 backbone from 37.4 to 40.7 mAP (+3.3) under 1x schedule, that even surpasses the teacher (40.4 mAP) with ResNet-101 backbone under 3x schedule. Code will be released soon.      
### 27.A Distillation Learning Model of Adaptive Structural Deep Belief Network for AffectNet: Facial Expression Image Database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12717.pdf)
>  Deep Learning has a hierarchical network architecture to represent the complicated feature of input patterns. We have developed the adaptive structure learning method of Deep Belief Network (DBN) that can discover an optimal number of hidden neurons for given input data in a Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM) by neuron generation-annihilation algorithm, and can obtain the appropriate number of hidden layers in DBN. In this paper, our model is applied to a facial expression image data set, AffectNet. The system has higher classification capability than the traditional CNN. However, our model was not able to classify some test cases correctly because human emotions contain many ambiguous features or patterns leading wrong answer by two or more annotators who have different subjective judgment for a facial image. In order to represent such cases, this paper investigated a distillation learning model of Adaptive DBN. The original trained model can be seen as a parent model and some child models are trained for some mis-classified cases. For the difference between the parent model and the child one, KL divergence is monitored and then some appropriate new neurons at the parent model are generated according to KL divergence to improve classification accuracy. In this paper, the classification accuracy was improved from 78.4% to 91.3% by the proposed method.      
### 28.SRT3D: A Sparse Region-Based 3D Object Tracking Approach for the Real World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12715.pdf)
>  Region-based methods have become increasingly popular for model-based, monocular 3D tracking of texture-less objects in cluttered scenes. However, while they achieve state-of-the-art results, most methods are computationally expensive, requiring significant resources to run in real-time. In the following, we build on our previous work and develop SRT3D, a sparse region-based approach to 3D object tracking that bridges this gap in efficiency. Our method considers image information sparsely along so-called correspondence lines that model the probability of the object's contour location. We thereby improve on the current state of the art and introduce smoothed step functions that consider a defined global and local uncertainty. For the resulting probabilistic formulation, a thorough analysis is provided. Finally, we use a pre-rendered sparse viewpoint model to create a joint posterior probability for the object pose. The function is maximized using second-order Newton optimization with Tikhonov regularization. During the pose estimation, we differentiate between global and local optimization, using a novel approximation for the first-order derivative employed in the Newton method. In multiple experiments, we demonstrate that the resulting algorithm improves the current state of the art both in terms of runtime and quality, performing particularly well for noisy and cluttered images encountered in the real world.      
### 29.An Adaptive Structural Learning of Deep Belief Network for Image-based Crack Detection in Concrete Structures Using SDNET2018  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12700.pdf)
>  We have developed an adaptive structural Deep Belief Network (Adaptive DBN) that finds an optimal network structure in a self-organizing manner during learning. The Adaptive DBN is the hierarchical architecture where each layer employs Adaptive Restricted Boltzmann Machine (Adaptive RBM). The Adaptive RBM can find the appropriate number of hidden neurons during learning. The proposed method was applied to a concrete image benchmark data set SDNET2018 for crack detection. The dataset contains about 56,000 crack images for three types of concrete structures: bridge decks, walls, and paved roads. The fine-tuning method of the Adaptive DBN can show 99.7%, 99.7%, and 99.4% classification accuracy for three types of structures. However, we found the database included some wrong annotated data which cannot be judged from images by human experts. This paper discusses consideration that purses the major factor for the wrong cases and the removal of the adversarial examples from the dataset.      
### 30.Self-Supervised Knowledge Transfer via Loosely Supervised Auxiliary Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12696.pdf)
>  Knowledge transfer using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can help efficiently train a CNN with fewer parameters or maximize the generalization performance under limited supervision. To enable a more efficient transfer of pretrained knowledge under relaxed conditions, we propose a simple yet powerful knowledge transfer methodology without any restrictions regarding the network structure or dataset used, namely self-supervised knowledge transfer (SSKT), via loosely supervised auxiliary tasks. For this, we devise a training methodology that transfers previously learned knowledge to the current training process as an auxiliary task for the target task through self-supervision using a soft label. The SSKT is independent of the network structure and dataset, and is trained differently from existing knowledge transfer methods; hence, it has an advantage in that the prior knowledge acquired from various tasks can be naturally transferred during the training process to the target task. Furthermore, it can improve the generalization performance on most datasets through the proposed knowledge transfer between different problem domains from multiple source networks. SSKT outperforms the other transfer learning methods (KD, DML, and MAXL) through experiments under various knowledge transfer settings. The source code will be made available to the public.      
### 31.Automatic Extraction of Road Networks from Satellite Images by using Adaptive Structural Deep Belief Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12684.pdf)
>  In our research, an adaptive structural learning method of Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM) and Deep Belief Network (DBN) has been developed as one of prominent deep learning models. The neuron generation-annihilation in RBM and layer generation algorithms in DBN make an optimal network structure for given input during the learning. In this paper, our model is applied to an automatic recognition method of road network system, called RoadTracer. RoadTracer can generate a road map on the ground surface from aerial photograph data. In the iterative search algorithm, a CNN is trained to find network graph connectivities between roads with high detection capability. However, the system takes a long calculation time for not only the training phase but also the inference phase, then it may not realize high accuracy. In order to improve the accuracy and the calculation time, our Adaptive DBN was implemented on the RoadTracer instead of the CNN. The performance of our developed model was evaluated on a satellite image in the suburban area, Japan. Our Adaptive DBN had an advantage of not only the detection accuracy but also the inference time compared with the conventional CNN in the experiment results.      
### 32.Industrial Scene Text Detection with Refined Feature-attentive Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12663.pdf)
>  Detecting the marking characters of industrial metal parts remains challenging due to low visual contrast, uneven illumination, corroded character structures, and cluttered background of metal part images. Affected by these factors, bounding boxes generated by most existing methods locate low-contrast text areas inaccurately. In this paper, we propose a refined feature-attentive network (RFN) to solve the inaccurate localization problem. Specifically, we design a parallel feature integration mechanism to construct an adaptive feature representation from multi-resolution features, which enhances the perception of multi-scale texts at each scale-specific level to generate a high-quality attention map. Then, an attentive refinement network is developed by the attention map to rectify the location deviation of candidate boxes. In addition, a re-scoring mechanism is designed to select text boxes with the best rectified location. Moreover, we construct two industrial scene text datasets, including a total of 102156 images and 1948809 text instances with various character structures and metal parts. Extensive experiments on our dataset and four public datasets demonstrate that our proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 33.Bone Marrow Cell Recognition: Training Deep Object Detection with A New Loss Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12647.pdf)
>  For a long time, bone marrow cell morphology examination has been an essential tool for diagnosing blood diseases. However, it is still mainly dependent on the subjective diagnosis of experienced doctors, and there is no objective quantitative standard. Therefore, it is crucial to study a robust bone marrow cell detection algorithm for a quantitative automatic analysis system. Currently, due to the dense distribution of cells in the bone marrow smear and the diverse cell classes, the detection of bone marrow cells is difficult. The existing bone marrow cell detection algorithms are still insufficient for the automatic analysis system of bone marrow smears. This paper proposes a bone marrow cell detection algorithm based on the YOLOv5 network, trained by minimizing a novel loss function. The classification method of bone marrow cell detection tasks is the basis of the proposed novel loss function. Since bone marrow cells are classified according to series and stages, part of the classes in adjacent stages are similar. The proposed novel loss function considers the similarity between bone marrow cell classes, increases the penalty for prediction errors between dissimilar classes, and reduces the penalty for prediction errors between similar classes. The results show that the proposed loss function effectively improves the algorithm's performance, and the proposed bone marrow cell detection algorithm has achieved better performance than other cell detection algorithms.      
### 34.Deep Learning for UAV-based Object Detection and Tracking: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12638.pdf)
>  Owing to effective and flexible data acquisition, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) has recently become a hotspot across the fields of computer vision (CV) and remote sensing (RS). Inspired by recent success of deep learning (DL), many advanced object detection and tracking approaches have been widely applied to various UAV-related tasks, such as environmental monitoring, precision agriculture, traffic management. This paper provides a comprehensive survey on the research progress and prospects of DL-based UAV object detection and tracking methods. More specifically, we first outline the challenges, statistics of existing methods, and provide solutions from the perspectives of DL-based models in three research topics: object detection from the image, object detection from the video, and object tracking from the video. Open datasets related to UAV-dominated object detection and tracking are exhausted, and four benchmark datasets are employed for performance evaluation using some state-of-the-art methods. Finally, prospects and considerations for the future work are discussed and summarized. It is expected that this survey can facilitate those researchers who come from remote sensing field with an overview of DL-based UAV object detection and tracking methods, along with some thoughts on their further developments.      
### 35.Progressively Select and Reject Pseudo-labelled Samples for Open-Set Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12635.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation solves image classification problems in the target domain by taking advantage of the labelled source data and unlabelled target data. Usually, the source and target domains share the same set of classes. As a special case, Open-Set Domain Adaptation (OSDA) assumes there exist additional classes in the target domain but not present in the source domain. To solve such a domain adaptation problem, our proposed method learns discriminative common subspaces for the source and target domains using a novel Open-Set Locality Preserving Projection (OSLPP) algorithm. The source and target domain data are aligned in the learned common spaces class-wisely. To handle the open-set classification problem, our method progressively selects target samples to be pseudo-labelled as known classes and rejects the outliers if they are detected as from unknown classes. The common subspace learning algorithm OSLPP simultaneously aligns the labelled source data and pseudo-labelled target data from known classes and pushes the rejected target data away from the known classes. The common subspace learning and the pseudo-labelled sample selection/rejection facilitate each other in an iterative learning framework and achieves state-of-the-art performance on benchmark datasets Office-31 and Office-Home with the average HOS of 87.4% and 67.0% respectively.      
### 36.Age and Gender Prediction using Deep CNNs and Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12633.pdf)
>  The last decade or two has witnessed a boom of images. With the increasing ubiquity of cameras and with the advent of selfies, the number of facial images available in the world has skyrocketed. Consequently, there has been a growing interest in automatic age and gender prediction of a person using facial images. We in this paper focus on this challenging problem. Specifically, this paper focuses on age estimation, age classification and gender classification from still facial images of an individual. We train different models for each problem and we also draw comparisons between building a custom CNN (Convolutional Neural Network) architecture and using various CNN architectures as feature extractors, namely VGG16 pre-trained on VGGFace, Res-Net50 and SE-ResNet50 pre-trained on VGGFace2 dataset and training over those extracted features. We also provide baseline performance of various machine learning algorithms on the feature extraction which gave us the best results. It was observed that even simple linear regression trained on such extracted features outperformed training CNN, ResNet50 and ResNeXt50 from scratch for age estimation.      
### 37.Ultra Light OCR Competition Technical Report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12623.pdf)
>  Ultra Light OCR Competition is a Chinese scene text recognition competition jointly organized by CSIG (China Society of Image and Graphics) and Baidu, Inc. In addition to focusing on common problems in Chinese scene text recognition, such as long text length and massive characters, we need to balance the trade-off of model scale and accuracy since the model size limitation in the competition is 10M. <br>From experiments in aspects of data, model, training, etc, we proposed a general and effective method for Chinese scene text recognition, which got us second place among over 100 teams with accuracy 0.817 in TestB dataset. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://aistudio.baidu.com/aistudio/projectdetail/2159102" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Accelerate 3D Object Processing via Spectral Layout  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12621.pdf)
>  3D image processing is an important problem in computer vision and pattern recognition fields. Compared with 2D image processing, its computation difficulty and cost are much higher due to the extra dimension. To fundamentally address this problem, we propose to embed the essential information in a 3D object into 2D space via spectral layout. Specifically, we construct a 3D adjacency graph to capture spatial structure of the 3D voxel grid. Then we calculate the eigenvectors corresponding to the second and third smallest eigenvalues of its graph Laplacian and perform spectral layout to map each voxel into a pixel in 2D Cartesian coordinate plane. The proposed method can achieve high quality 2D representations for 3D objects, which enables to use 2D-based methods to process 3D objects. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our method.      
### 39.Federated Test-Time Adaptive Face Presentation Attack Detection with Dual-Phase Privacy Preservation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12613.pdf)
>  Face presentation attack detection (fPAD) plays a critical role in the modern face recognition pipeline. The generalization ability of face presentation attack detection models to unseen attacks has become a key issue for real-world deployment, which can be improved when models are trained with face images from different input distributions and different types of spoof attacks. In reality, due to legal and privacy issues, training data (both real face images and spoof images) are not allowed to be directly shared between different data sources. In this paper, to circumvent this challenge, we propose a Federated Test-Time Adaptive Face Presentation Attack Detection with Dual-Phase Privacy Preservation framework, with the aim of enhancing the generalization ability of fPAD models in both training and testing phase while preserving data privacy. In the training phase, the proposed framework exploits the federated learning technique, which simultaneously takes advantage of rich fPAD information available at different data sources by aggregating model updates from them without accessing their private data. To further boost the generalization ability, in the testing phase, we explore test-time adaptation by minimizing the entropy of fPAD model prediction on the testing data, which alleviates the domain gap between training and testing data and thus reduces the generalization error of a fPAD model. We introduce the experimental setting to evaluate the proposed framework and carry out extensive experiments to provide various insights about the proposed method for fPAD.      
### 40.MUSE: Feature Self-Distillation with Mutual Information and Self-Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12606.pdf)
>  We present a novel information-theoretic approach to introduce dependency among features of a deep convolutional neural network (CNN). The core idea of our proposed method, called MUSE, is to combine MUtual information and SElf-information to jointly improve the expressivity of all features extracted from different layers in a CNN. We present two variants of the realization of MUSE -- Additive Information and Multiplicative Information. Importantly, we argue and empirically demonstrate that MUSE, compared to other feature discrepancy functions, is a more functional proxy to introduce dependency and effectively improve the expressivity of all features in the knowledge distillation framework. MUSE achieves superior performance over a variety of popular architectures and feature discrepancy functions for self-distillation and online distillation, and performs competitively with the state-of-the-art methods for offline distillation. MUSE is also demonstrably versatile that enables it to be easily extended to CNN-based models on tasks other than image classification such as object detection.      
### 41.hSDB-instrument: Instrument Localization Database for Laparoscopic and Robotic Surgeries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12555.pdf)
>  Automated surgical instrument localization is an important technology to understand the surgical process and in order to analyze them to provide meaningful guidance during surgery or surgical index after surgery to the surgeon. We introduce a new dataset that reflects the kinematic characteristics of surgical instruments for automated surgical instrument localization of surgical videos. The hSDB(hutom Surgery DataBase)-instrument dataset consists of instrument localization information from 24 cases of laparoscopic cholecystecomy and 24 cases of robotic gastrectomy. Localization information for all instruments is provided in the form of a bounding box for object detection. To handle class imbalance problem between instruments, synthesized instruments modeled in Unity for 3D models are included as training data. Besides, for 3D instrument data, a polygon annotation is provided to enable instance segmentation of the tool. To reflect the kinematic characteristics of all instruments, they are annotated with head and body parts for laparoscopic instruments, and with head, wrist, and body parts for robotic instruments separately. Annotation data of assistive tools (specimen bag, needle, etc.) that are frequently used for surgery are also included. Moreover, we provide statistical information on the hSDB-instrument dataset and the baseline localization performances of the object detection networks trained by the MMDetection library and resulting analyses.      
### 42.Reachability Embeddings: Scalable Self-Supervised Representation Learning from Markovian Trajectories for Geospatial Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12521.pdf)
>  Self-supervised representation learning techniques utilize large datasets without semantic annotations to learn meaningful, universal features that can be conveniently transferred to solve a wide variety of downstream supervised tasks. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised method for learning representations of geographic locations from unlabeled GPS trajectories to solve downstream geospatial computer vision tasks. Tiles resulting from a raster representation of the earth's surface are modeled as nodes on a graph or pixels of an image. GPS trajectories are modeled as allowed Markovian paths on these nodes. A scalable and distributed algorithm is presented to compute image-like representations, called reachability summaries, of the spatial connectivity patterns between tiles and their neighbors implied by the observed Markovian paths. A convolutional, contractive autoencoder is trained to learn compressed representations, called reachability embeddings, of reachability summaries for every tile. Reachability embeddings serve as task-agnostic, feature representations of geographic locations. Using reachability embeddings as pixel representations for five different downstream geospatial tasks, cast as supervised semantic segmentation problems, we quantitatively demonstrate that reachability embeddings are semantically meaningful representations and result in 4-23% gain in performance, while using upto 67% less trajectory data, as measured using area under the precision-recall curve (AUPRC) metric, when compared to baseline models that use pixel representations that do not account for the spatial connectivity between tiles. Reachability embeddings transform sequential, spatiotemporal mobility data into semantically meaningful image-like representations that can be combined with other sources of imagery and are designed to facilitate multimodal learning in geospatial computer vision.      
### 43.X-Distill: Improving Self-Supervised Monocular Depth via Cross-Task Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12516.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel method, X-Distill, to improve the self-supervised training of monocular depth via cross-task knowledge distillation from semantic segmentation to depth estimation. More specifically, during training, we utilize a pretrained semantic segmentation teacher network and transfer its semantic knowledge to the depth network. In order to enable such knowledge distillation across two different visual tasks, we introduce a small, trainable network that translates the predicted depth map to a semantic segmentation map, which can then be supervised by the teacher network. In this way, this small network enables the backpropagation from the semantic segmentation teacher's supervision to the depth network during training. In addition, since the commonly used object classes in semantic segmentation are not directly transferable to depth, we study the visual and geometric characteristics of the objects and design a new way of grouping them that can be shared by both tasks. It is noteworthy that our approach only modifies the training process and does not incur additional computation during inference. We extensively evaluate the efficacy of our proposed approach on the standard KITTI benchmark and compare it with the latest state of the art. We further test the generalizability of our approach on Make3D. Overall, the results show that our approach significantly improves the depth estimation accuracy and outperforms the state of the art.      
### 44.Per-Pixel Lung Thickness and Lung Capacity Estimation on Chest X-Rays using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12509.pdf)
>  Estimating the lung depth on x-ray images could provide both an accurate opportunistic lung volume estimation during clinical routine and improve image contrast in modern structural chest imaging techniques like x-ray dark-field imaging. We present a method based on a convolutional neural network that allows a per-pixel lung thickness estimation and subsequent total lung capacity estimation. The network was trained and validated using 5250 simulated radiographs generated from 525 real CT scans. Furthermore, we are able to infer the model trained with simulation data on real radiographs. <br>For 35 patients, quantitative and qualitative evaluation was performed on standard clinical radiographs. The ground-truth for each patient's total lung volume was defined based on the patients' corresponding CT scan. The mean-absolute error between the estimated lung volume on the 35 real radiographs and groundtruth volume was 0.73 liter. Additionally, we predicted the lung thicknesses on a synthetic dataset of 131 radiographs, where the mean-absolute error was 0.27 liter. The results show, that it is possible to transfer the knowledge obtained in a simulation model to real x-ray images.      
### 45.A Deep Learning Approach to Predicting Collateral Flow in Stroke Patients Using Radiomic Features from Perfusion Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12508.pdf)
>  Collateral circulation results from specialized anastomotic channels which are capable of providing oxygenated blood to regions with compromised blood flow caused by ischemic injuries. The quality of collateral circulation has been established as a key factor in determining the likelihood of a favorable clinical outcome and goes a long way to determine the choice of stroke care model - that is the decision to transport or treat eligible patients immediately. <br>Though there exist several imaging methods and grading criteria for quantifying collateral blood flow, the actual grading is mostly done through manual inspection of the acquired images. This approach is associated with a number of challenges. First, it is time-consuming - the clinician needs to scan through several slices of images to ascertain the region of interest before deciding on what severity grade to assign to a patient. Second, there is a high tendency for bias and inconsistency in the final grade assigned to a patient depending on the experience level of the clinician. <br>We present a deep learning approach to predicting collateral flow grading in stroke patients based on radiomic features extracted from MR perfusion data. First, we formulate a region of interest detection task as a reinforcement learning problem and train a deep learning network to automatically detect the occluded region within the 3D MR perfusion volumes. Second, we extract radiomic features from the obtained region of interest through local image descriptors and denoising auto-encoders. Finally, we apply a convolutional neural network and other machine learning classifiers to the extracted radiomic features to automatically predict the collateral flow grading of the given patient volume as one of three severity classes - no flow (0), moderate flow (1), and good flow (2)...      
### 46.EgoNN: Egocentric Neural Network for Point Cloud Based 6DoF Relocalization at the City Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12486.pdf)
>  The paper presents a deep neural network-based method for global and local descriptors extraction from a point cloud acquired by a rotating 3D LiDAR. The descriptors can be used for two-stage 6DoF relocalization. First, a course position is retrieved by finding candidates with the closest global descriptor in the database of geo-tagged point clouds. Then, the 6DoF pose between a query point cloud and a database point cloud is estimated by matching local descriptors and using a robust estimator such as RANSAC. Our method has a simple, fully convolutional architecture based on a sparse voxelized representation. It can efficiently extract a global descriptor and a set of keypoints with local descriptors from large point clouds with tens of thousand points. Our code and pretrained models are publicly available on the project website.      
### 47.Deep Asymmetric Hashing with Dual Semantic Regression and Class Structure Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12478.pdf)
>  Recently, deep hashing methods have been widely used in image retrieval task. Most existing deep hashing approaches adopt one-to-one quantization to reduce information loss. However, such class-unrelated quantization cannot give discriminative feedback for network training. In addition, these methods only utilize single label to integrate supervision information of data for hashing function learning, which may result in inferior network generalization performance and relatively low-quality hash codes since the inter-class information of data is totally ignored. In this paper, we propose a dual semantic asymmetric hashing (DSAH) method, which generates discriminative hash codes under three-fold constrains. Firstly, DSAH utilizes class prior to conduct class structure quantization so as to transmit class information during the quantization process. Secondly, a simple yet effective label mechanism is designed to characterize both the intra-class compactness and inter-class separability of data, thereby achieving semantic-sensitive binary code learning. Finally, a meaningful pairwise similarity preserving loss is devised to minimize the distances between class-related network outputs based on an affinity graph. With these three main components, high-quality hash codes can be generated through network. Extensive experiments conducted on various datasets demonstrate the superiority of DSAH in comparison with state-of-the-art deep hashing methods.      
### 48.Exploring Gradient Flow Based Saliency for DNN Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12477.pdf)
>  Model pruning aims to reduce the deep neural network (DNN) model size or computational overhead. Traditional model pruning methods such as l-1 pruning that evaluates the channel significance for DNN pay too much attention to the local analysis of each channel and make use of the magnitude of the entire feature while ignoring its relevance to the batch normalization (BN) and ReLU layer after each convolutional operation. To overcome these problems, we propose a new model pruning method from a new perspective of gradient flow in this paper. Specifically, we first theoretically analyze the channel's influence based on Taylor expansion by integrating the effects of BN layer and ReLU activation function. Then, the incorporation of the first-order Talyor polynomial of the scaling parameter and the shifting parameter in the BN layer is suggested to effectively indicate the significance of a channel in a DNN. Comprehensive experiments on both image classification and image denoising tasks demonstrate the superiority of the proposed novel theory and scheme. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CityU-AIM-Group/GFBS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.Robustness via Uncertainty-aware Cycle Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12467.pdf)
>  Unpaired image-to-image translation refers to learning inter-image-domain mapping without corresponding image pairs. Existing methods learn deterministic mappings without explicitly modelling the robustness to outliers or predictive uncertainty, leading to performance degradation when encountering unseen perturbations at test time. To address this, we propose a novel probabilistic method based on Uncertainty-aware Generalized Adaptive Cycle Consistency (UGAC), which models the per-pixel residual by generalized Gaussian distribution, capable of modelling heavy-tailed distributions. We compare our model with a wide variety of state-of-the-art methods on various challenging tasks including unpaired image translation of natural images, using standard datasets, spanning autonomous driving, maps, facades, and also in medical imaging domain consisting of MRI. Experimental results demonstrate that our method exhibits stronger robustness towards unseen perturbations in test data. Code is released here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ExplainableML/UncertaintyAwareCycleConsistency" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.Bangla Image Caption Generation through CNN-Transformer based Encoder-Decoder Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12442.pdf)
>  Automatic Image Captioning is the never-ending effort of creating syntactically and validating the accuracy of textual descriptions of an image in natural language with context. The encoder-decoder structure used throughout existing Bengali Image Captioning (BIC) research utilized abstract image feature vectors as the encoder's input. We propose a novel transformer-based architecture with an attention mechanism with a pre-trained ResNet-101 model image encoder for feature extraction from images. Experiments demonstrate that the language decoder in our technique captures fine-grained information in the caption and, then paired with image features, produces accurate and diverse captions on the BanglaLekhaImageCaptions dataset. Our approach outperforms all existing Bengali Image Captioning work and sets a new benchmark by scoring 0.694 on BLEU-1, 0.630 on BLEU-2, 0.582 on BLEU-3, and 0.337 on METEOR.      
### 51.Image-Based CLIP-Guided Essence Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12427.pdf)
>  The conceptual blending of two signals is a semantic task that may underline both creativity and intelligence. We propose to perform such blending in a way that incorporates two latent spaces: that of the generator network and that of the semantic network. For the first network, we employ the powerful StyleGAN generator, and for the second, the powerful image-language matching network of CLIP. The new method creates a blending operator that is optimized to be simultaneously additive in both latent spaces. Our results demonstrate that this leads to blending that is much more natural than what can be obtained in each space separately.      
### 52.NAS-FCOS: Efficient Search for Object Detection Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12423.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has shown great potential in effectively reducing manual effort in network design by automatically discovering optimal architectures. What is noteworthy is that as of now, object detection is less touched by NAS algorithms despite its significant importance in computer vision. To the best of our knowledge, most of the recent NAS studies on object detection tasks fail to satisfactorily strike a balance between performance and efficiency of the resulting models, let alone the excessive amount of computational resources cost by those algorithms. Here we propose an efficient method to obtain better object detectors by searching for the feature pyramid network (FPN) as well as the prediction head of a simple anchor-free object detector, namely, FCOS [36], using a tailored reinforcement learning paradigm. With carefully designed search space, search algorithms, and strategies for evaluating network quality, we are able to find top-performing detection architectures within 4 days using 8 V100 GPUs. The discovered architectures surpass state-of-the-art object detection models (such as Faster R-CNN, Retina-Net and, FCOS) by 1.0% to 5.4% points in AP on the COCO dataset, with comparable computation complexity and memory footprint, demonstrating the efficacy of the proposed NAS method for object detection. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Lausannen/NAS-FCOS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.A Dynamic Keypoints Selection Network for 6DoF Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12401.pdf)
>  6 DoF poses estimation problem aims to estimate the rotation and translation parameters between two coordinates, such as object world coordinate and camera world coordinate. Although some advances are made with the help of deep learning, how to full use scene information is still a problem. Prior works tackle the problem by pixel-wise feature fusion but need to randomly selecte numerous points from images, which can not satisfy the demands of fast inference simultaneously and accurate pose estimation. In this work, we present a novel deep neural network based on dynamic keypoints selection designed for 6DoF pose estimation from a single RGBD image. Our network includes three parts, instance semantic segmentation, edge points detection and 6DoF pose estimation. Given an RGBD image, our network is trained to predict pixel category and the translation to edge points and center points. Then, a least-square fitting manner is applied to estimate the 6DoF pose parameters. Specifically, we propose a dynamic keypoints selection algorithm to choose keypoints from the foreground feature map. It allows us to leverage geometric and appearance information. During 6DoF pose estimation, we utilize the instance semantic segmentation result to filter out background points and only use foreground points to finish edge points detection and 6DoF pose estimation. Experiments on two commonly used 6DoF estimation benchmark datasets, YCB-Video and LineMoD, demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods and achieves significant improvements over other same category methods time efficiency.      
### 54.Using Motion History Images with 3D Convolutional Networks in Isolated Sign Language Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12396.pdf)
>  Sign language recognition using computational models is a challenging problem that requires simultaneous spatio-temporal modeling of the multiple sources, i.e. faces, hands, body etc. In this paper, we propose an isolated sign language recognition model based on a model trained using Motion History Images (MHI) that are generated from RGB video frames. RGB-MHI images represent spatio-temporal summary of each sign video effectively in a single RGB image. We propose two different approaches using this model. In the first approach, we use RGB-MHI model as a motion-based spatial attention module integrated in a 3D-CNN architecture. In the second approach, we use RGB-MHI model features directly with a late fusion technique with the features of a 3D-CNN model. We perform extensive experiments on two recently released large-scale isolated sign language datasets, namely AUTSL and BosphorusSign22k datasets. Our experiments show that our models, which use only RGB data, can compete with the state-of-the-art models in the literature that use multi-modal data.      
### 55.Perceptual Consistency in Video Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12385.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel perceptual consistency perspective on video semantic segmentation, which can capture both temporal consistency and pixel-wise correctness. Given two nearby video frames, perceptual consistency measures how much the segmentation decisions agree with the pixel correspondences obtained via matching general perceptual features. More specifically, for each pixel in one frame, we find the most perceptually correlated pixel in the other frame. Our intuition is that such a pair of pixels are highly likely to belong to the same class. Next, we assess how much the segmentation agrees with such perceptual correspondences, based on which we derive the perceptual consistency of the segmentation maps across these two frames. Utilizing perceptual consistency, we can evaluate the temporal consistency of video segmentation by measuring the perceptual consistency over consecutive pairs of segmentation maps in a video. Furthermore, given a sparsely labeled test video, perceptual consistency can be utilized to aid with predicting the pixel-wise correctness of the segmentation on an unlabeled frame. More specifically, by measuring the perceptual consistency between the predicted segmentation and the available ground truth on a nearby frame and combining it with the segmentation confidence, we can accurately assess the classification correctness on each pixel. Our experiments show that the proposed perceptual consistency can more accurately evaluate the temporal consistency of video segmentation as compared to flow-based measures. Furthermore, it can help more confidently predict segmentation accuracy on unlabeled test frames, as compared to using classification confidence alone. Finally, our proposed measure can be used as a regularizer during the training of segmentation models, which leads to more temporally consistent video segmentation while maintaining accuracy.      
### 56.AuxAdapt: Stable and Efficient Test-Time Adaptation for Temporally Consistent Video Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12369.pdf)
>  In video segmentation, generating temporally consistent results across frames is as important as achieving frame-wise accuracy. Existing methods rely either on optical flow regularization or fine-tuning with test data to attain temporal consistency. However, optical flow is not always avail-able and reliable. Besides, it is expensive to compute. Fine-tuning the original model in test time is cost sensitive. <br>This paper presents an efficient, intuitive, and unsupervised online adaptation method, AuxAdapt, for improving the temporal consistency of most neural network models. It does not require optical flow and only takes one pass of the video. Since inconsistency mainly arises from the model's uncertainty in its output, we propose an adaptation scheme where the model learns from its own segmentation decisions as it streams a video, which allows producing more confident and temporally consistent labeling for similarly-looking pixels across frames. For stability and efficiency, we leverage a small auxiliary segmentation network (AuxNet) to assist with this adaptation. More specifically, AuxNet readjusts the decision of the original segmentation network (Main-Net) by adding its own estimations to that of MainNet. At every frame, only AuxNet is updated via back-propagation while keeping MainNet fixed. We extensively evaluate our test-time adaptation approach on standard video benchmarks, including Cityscapes, CamVid, and KITTI. The results demonstrate that our approach provides label-wise accurate, temporally consistent, and computationally efficient adaptation (5+ folds overhead reduction comparing to state-of-the-art test-time adaptation methods).      
### 57.CvT-ASSD: Convolutional vision-Transformer Based Attentive Single Shot MultiBox Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12364.pdf)
>  Due to the success of Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) in natural language process (NLP), the multi-head attention transformer has been more and more prevalent in computer-vision researches (CV). However, it still remains a challenge for researchers to put forward complex tasks such as vision detection and semantic segmentation. Although multiple Transformer-Based architectures like DETR and ViT-FRCNN have been proposed to complete object detection task, they inevitably decreases discrimination accuracy and brings down computational efficiency caused by the enormous learning parameters and heavy computational complexity incurred by the traditional self-attention operation. In order to alleviate these issues, we present a novel object detection architecture, named Convolutional vision Transformer Based Attentive Single Shot MultiBox Detector (CvT-ASSD), that built on the top of Convolutional vision Transormer (CvT) with the efficient Attentive Single Shot MultiBox Detector (ASSD). We provide comprehensive empirical evidence showing that our model CvT-ASSD can leads to good system efficiency and performance while being pretrained on large-scale detection datasets such as PASCAL VOC and MS COCO. Code has been released on public github repository at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/albert-jin/CvT-ASSD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 58.A Closer Look at Few-Shot Video Classification: A New Baseline and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12358.pdf)
>  The existing few-shot video classification methods often employ a meta-learning paradigm by designing customized temporal alignment module for similarity calculation. While significant progress has been made, these methods fail to focus on learning effective representations, and heavily rely on the ImageNet pre-training, which might be unreasonable for the few-shot recognition setting due to semantics overlap. In this paper, we aim to present an in-depth study on few-shot video classification by making three contributions. First, we perform a consistent comparative study on the existing metric-based methods to figure out their limitations in representation learning. Accordingly, we propose a simple classifier-based baseline without any temporal alignment that surprisingly outperforms the state-of-the-art meta-learning based methods. Second, we discover that there is a high correlation between the novel action class and the ImageNet object class, which is problematic in the few-shot recognition setting. Our results show that the performance of training from scratch drops significantly, which implies that the existing benchmarks cannot provide enough base data. Finally, we present a new benchmark with more base data to facilitate future few-shot video classification without pre-training. The code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MCG-NJU/FSL-Video" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 59.Quality Map Fusion for Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12338.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial models that capture salient low-level features which convey visual information in correlation with the human visual system (HVS) still suffer from perceptible image degradations. The inability to convey such highly informative features can be attributed to mode collapse, convergence failure and vanishing gradients. In this paper, we improve image quality adversarially by introducing a novel quality map fusion technique that harnesses image features similar to the HVS and the perceptual properties of a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN). We extend the widely adopted l2 Wasserstein distance metric to other preferable quality norms derived from Banach spaces that capture richer image properties like structure, luminance, contrast and the naturalness of images. We also show that incorporating a perceptual attention mechanism (PAM) that extracts global feature embeddings from the network bottleneck with aggregated perceptual maps derived from standard image quality metrics translate to a better image quality. We also demonstrate impressive performance over other methods.      
### 60.SOLVER: Scene-Object Interrelated Visual Emotion Reasoning Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12334.pdf)
>  Visual Emotion Analysis (VEA) aims at finding out how people feel emotionally towards different visual stimuli, which has attracted great attention recently with the prevalence of sharing images on social networks. Since human emotion involves a highly complex and abstract cognitive process, it is difficult to infer visual emotions directly from holistic or regional features in affective images. It has been demonstrated in psychology that visual emotions are evoked by the interactions between objects as well as the interactions between objects and scenes within an image. Inspired by this, we propose a novel Scene-Object interreLated Visual Emotion Reasoning network (SOLVER) to predict emotions from images. To mine the emotional relationships between distinct objects, we first build up an Emotion Graph based on semantic concepts and visual features. Then, we conduct reasoning on the Emotion Graph using Graph Convolutional Network (GCN), yielding emotion-enhanced object features. We also design a Scene-Object Fusion Module to integrate scenes and objects, which exploits scene features to guide the fusion process of object features with the proposed scene-based attention mechanism. Extensive experiments and comparisons are conducted on eight public visual emotion datasets, and the results demonstrate that the proposed SOLVER consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin. Ablation studies verify the effectiveness of our method and visualizations prove its interpretability, which also bring new insight to explore the mysteries in VEA. Notably, we further discuss SOLVER on three other potential datasets with extended experiments, where we validate the robustness of our method and notice some limitations of it.      
### 61.A methodology for detection and localization of fruits in apples orchards from aerial images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12331.pdf)
>  Computer vision methods based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have presented promising results on image-based fruit detection at ground-level for different crops. However, the integration of the detections found in different images, allowing accurate fruit counting and yield prediction, have received less attention. This work presents a methodology for automated fruit counting employing aerial-images. It includes algorithms based on multiple view geometry to perform fruits tracking, not just avoiding double counting but also locating the fruits in the 3-D space. Preliminary assessments show correlations above 0.8 between fruit counting and true yield for apples. The annotated dataset employed on CNN training is publicly available.      
### 62.ADC: Adversarial attacks against object Detection that evade Context consistency checks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12321.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial examples, which are slightly perturbed input images which lead DNNs to make wrong predictions. To protect from such examples, various defense strategies have been proposed. A very recent defense strategy for detecting adversarial examples, that has been shown to be robust to current attacks, is to check for intrinsic context consistencies in the input data, where context refers to various relationships (e.g., object-to-object co-occurrence relationships) in images. In this paper, we show that even context consistency checks can be brittle to properly crafted adversarial examples and to the best of our knowledge, we are the first to do so. Specifically, we propose an adaptive framework to generate examples that subvert such defenses, namely, Adversarial attacks against object Detection that evade Context consistency checks (ADC). In ADC, we formulate a joint optimization problem which has two attack goals, viz., (i) fooling the object detector and (ii) evading the context consistency check system, at the same time. Experiments on both PASCAL VOC and MS COCO datasets show that examples generated with ADC fool the object detector with a success rate of over 85% in most cases, and at the same time evade the recently proposed context consistency checks, with a bypassing rate of over 80% in most cases. Our results suggest that how to robustly model context and check its consistency, is still an open problem.      
### 63.CoVA: Context-aware Visual Attention for Webpage Information Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12320.pdf)
>  Webpage information extraction (WIE) is an important step to create knowledge bases. For this, classical WIE methods leverage the Document Object Model (DOM) tree of a website. However, use of the DOM tree poses significant challenges as context and appearance are encoded in an abstract manner. To address this challenge we propose to reformulate WIE as a context-aware Webpage Object Detection task. Specifically, we develop a Context-aware Visual Attention-based (CoVA) detection pipeline which combines appearance features with syntactical structure from the DOM tree. To study the approach we collect a new large-scale dataset of e-commerce websites for which we manually annotate every web element with four labels: product price, product title, product image and background. On this dataset we show that the proposed CoVA approach is a new challenging baseline which improves upon prior state-of-the-art methods.      
### 64.Face sketch to photo translation using generative adversarial networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12290.pdf)
>  Translating face sketches to photo-realistic faces is an interesting and essential task in many applications like law enforcement and the digital entertainment industry. One of the most important challenges of this task is the inherent differences between the sketch and the real image such as the lack of color and details of the skin tissue in the sketch. With the advent of adversarial generative models, an increasing number of methods have been proposed for sketch-to-image synthesis. However, these models still suffer from limitations such as the large number of paired data required for training, the low resolution of the produced images, or the unrealistic appearance of the generated images. In this paper, we propose a method for converting an input facial sketch to a colorful photo without the need for any paired dataset. To do so, we use a pre-trained face photo generating model to synthesize high-quality natural face photos and employ an optimization procedure to keep high-fidelity to the input sketch. We train a network to map the facial features extracted from the input sketch to a vector in the latent space of the face generating model. Also, we study different optimization criteria and compare the results of the proposed model with those of the state-of-the-art models quantitatively and qualitatively. The proposed model achieved 0.655 in the SSIM index and 97.59% rank-1 face recognition rate with higher quality of the produced images.      
### 65.Signal to Noise Ratio Loss Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12275.pdf)
>  This work proposes a new loss function targeting classification problems, utilizing a source of information overlooked by cross entropy loss. First, we derive a series of the tightest upper and lower bounds for the probability of a random variable in a given interval. Second, a lower bound is proposed for the probability of a true positive for a parametric classification problem, where the form of probability density function (pdf) of data is given. A closed form for finding the optimal function of unknowns is derived to maximize the probability of true positives. Finally, for the case that the pdf of data is unknown, we apply the proposed boundaries to find the lower bound of the probability of true positives and upper bound of the probability of false positives and optimize them using a loss function which is given by combining the boundaries. We demonstrate that the resultant loss function is a function of the signal to noise ratio both within and across logits. We empirically evaluate our proposals to show their benefit for classification problems.      
### 66.Self-Validation: Early Stopping for Single-Instance Deep Generative Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12271.pdf)
>  Recent works have shown the surprising effectiveness of deep generative models in solving numerous image reconstruction (IR) tasks, even without training data. We call these models, such as deep image prior and deep decoder, collectively as single-instance deep generative priors (SIDGPs). The successes, however, often hinge on appropriate early stopping (ES), which by far has largely been handled in an ad-hoc manner. In this paper, we propose the first principled method for ES when applying SIDGPs to IR, taking advantage of the typical bell trend of the reconstruction quality. In particular, our method is based on collaborative training and self-validation: the primal reconstruction process is monitored by a deep autoencoder, which is trained online with the historic reconstructed images and used to validate the reconstruction quality constantly. Experimentally, on several IR problems and different SIDGPs, our self-validation method is able to reliably detect near-peak performance and signal good ES points. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sun-umn.github.io/Self-Validation/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 67.espiownage: Tracking Transients in Steelpan Drum Strikes Using Surveillance Technology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12261.pdf)
>  We present an improvement in the ability to meaningfully track features in high speed videos of Caribbean steelpan drums illuminated by Electronic Speckle Pattern Interferometry (ESPI). This is achieved through the use of up-to-date computer vision libraries for object detection and image segmentation as well as a significant effort toward cleaning the dataset previously used to train systems for this application. Besides improvements on previous metric scores by 10% or more, noteworthy in this project are the introduction of a segmentation-regression map for the entire drum surface yielding interference fringe counts comparable to those obtained via object detection, as well as the accelerated workflow for coordinating the data-cleaning-and-model-training feedback loop for rapid iteration allowing this project to be conducted on a timescale of only 18 days.      
### 68.Confidence-Aware Active Feedback for Efficient Instance Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12255.pdf)
>  Relevance feedback is widely used in instance search (INS) tasks to further refine imperfect ranking results, but it often comes with low interaction efficiency. Active learning (AL) technique has achieved great success in improving annotation efficiency in classification tasks. However, considering irrelevant samples' diversity and class imbalance in INS tasks, existing AL methods cannot always select the most suitable feedback candidates for INS problems. In addition, they are often too computationally complex to be applied in interactive INS scenario. To address the above problems, we propose a confidence-aware active feedback (CAAF) method that can efficiently select the most valuable feedback candidates to improve the re-ranking performance. Specifically, inspired by the explicit sample difficulty modeling in self-paced learning, we utilize a pairwise manifold ranking loss to evaluate the ranking confidence of each unlabeled sample, and formulate the INS process as a confidence-weighted manifold ranking problem. Furthermore, we introduce an approximate optimization scheme to simplify the solution from QP problems with constraints to closed-form expressions, and selects only the top-K samples in the initial ranking list for INS, so that CAAF is able to handle large-scale INS tasks in a short period of time. Extensive experiments on both image and video INS tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed CAAF method. In particular, CAAF outperforms the first-place record in the public large-scale video INS evaluation of TRECVID 2021.      
### 69.Parametric Variational Linear Units (PVLUs) in Deep Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12246.pdf)
>  The Rectified Linear Unit is currently a state-of-the-art activation function in deep convolutional neural networks. To combat ReLU's dying neuron problem, we propose the Parametric Variational Linear Unit (PVLU), which adds a sinusoidal function with trainable coefficients to ReLU. Along with introducing nonlinearity and non-zero gradients across the entire real domain, PVLU allows for increased model generalization and robustness when implemented in the context of transfer learning. On a simple, non-transfer sequential CNN, PVLU led to relative error decrease of 16.3% and 11.3% without and with data augmentation, relative to ReLU. PVLU is also tested on transfer learning problems. The VGG-16 and VGG-19 models experience relative error reductions of 9.5% and 10.7% on CIFAR-10, respectively, after the substitution of ReLU with PVLU. When training on Gaussian-filtered CIFAR-10 images, similar improvements are noted for the VGG models. Most notably, PVLU fine tuning allows for relative error reductions up to and exceeding 10% on near state-of-the-art ResNet models for both CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100.      
### 70.Domain Adaptation for Rare Classes Augmented with Synthetic Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12216.pdf)
>  To alleviate lower classification performance on rare classes in imbalanced datasets, a possible solution is to augment the underrepresented classes with synthetic samples. Domain adaptation can be incorporated in a classifier to decrease the domain discrepancy between real and synthetic samples. While domain adaptation is generally applied on completely synthetic source domains and real target domains, we explore how domain adaptation can be applied when only a single rare class is augmented with simulated samples. As a testbed, we use a camera trap animal dataset with a rare deer class, which is augmented with synthetic deer samples. We adapt existing domain adaptation methods to two new methods for the single rare class setting: DeerDANN, based on the Domain-Adversarial Neural Network (DANN), and DeerCORAL, based on deep correlation alignment (Deep CORAL) architectures. Experiments show that DeerDANN has the highest improvement in deer classification accuracy of 24.0% versus 22.4% improvement of DeerCORAL when compared to the baseline. Further, both methods require fewer than 10k synthetic samples, as used by the baseline, to achieve these higher accuracies. DeerCORAL requires the least number of synthetic samples (2k deer), followed by DeerDANN (8k deer).      
### 71.ES-ImageNet: A Million Event-Stream Classification Dataset for Spiking Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12211.pdf)
>  With event-driven algorithms, especially the spiking neural networks (SNNs), achieving continuous improvement in neuromorphic vision processing, a more challenging event-stream-dataset is urgently needed. However, it is well known that creating an ES-dataset is a time-consuming and costly task with neuromorphic cameras like dynamic vision sensors (DVS). In this work, we propose a fast and effective algorithm termed Omnidirectional Discrete Gradient (ODG) to convert the popular computer vision dataset ILSVRC2012 into its event-stream (ES) version, generating about 1,300,000 frame-based images into ES-samples in 1000 categories. In this way, we propose an ES-dataset called ES-ImageNet, which is dozens of times larger than other neuromorphic classification datasets at present and completely generated by the software. The ODG algorithm implements an image motion to generate local value changes with discrete gradient information in different directions, providing a low-cost and high-speed way for converting frame-based images into event streams, along with Edge-Integral to reconstruct the high-quality images from event streams. Furthermore, we analyze the statistics of the ES-ImageNet in multiple ways, and a performance benchmark of the dataset is also provided using both famous deep neural network algorithms and spiking neural network algorithms. We believe that this work shall provide a new large-scale benchmark dataset for SNNs and neuromorphic vision.      
### 72.MaskSplit: Self-supervised Meta-learning for Few-shot Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12207.pdf)
>  Just like other few-shot learning problems, few-shot segmentation aims to minimize the need for manual annotation, which is particularly costly in segmentation tasks. Even though the few-shot setting reduces this cost for novel test classes, there is still a need to annotate the training data. To alleviate this need, we propose a self-supervised training approach for learning few-shot segmentation models. We first use unsupervised saliency estimation to obtain pseudo-masks on images. We then train a simple prototype based model over different splits of pseudo masks and augmentations of images. Our extensive experiments show that the proposed approach achieves promising results, highlighting the potential of self-supervised training. To the best of our knowledge this is the first work that addresses unsupervised few-shot segmentation problem on natural images.      
### 73.Multi-Domain Incremental Learning for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12205.pdf)
>  Recent efforts in multi-domain learning for semantic segmentation attempt to learn multiple geographical datasets in a universal, joint model. A simple fine-tuning experiment performed sequentially on three popular road scene segmentation datasets demonstrates that existing segmentation frameworks fail at incrementally learning on a series of visually disparate geographical domains. When learning a new domain, the model catastrophically forgets previously learned knowledge. In this work, we pose the problem of multi-domain incremental learning for semantic segmentation. Given a model trained on a particular geographical domain, the goal is to (i) incrementally learn a new geographical domain, (ii) while retaining performance on the old domain, (iii) given that the previous domain's dataset is not accessible. We propose a dynamic architecture that assigns universally shared, domain-invariant parameters to capture homogeneous semantic features present in all domains, while dedicated domain-specific parameters learn the statistics of each domain. Our novel optimization strategy helps achieve a good balance between retention of old knowledge (stability) and acquiring new knowledge (plasticity). We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed solution on domain incremental settings pertaining to real-world driving scenes from roads of Germany (Cityscapes), the United States (BDD100k), and India (IDD).      
### 74.Cascading Feature Extraction for Fast Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12204.pdf)
>  We propose a method for speeding up a 3D point cloud registration through a cascading feature extraction. The current approach with the highest accuracy is realized by iteratively executing feature extraction and registration using deep features. However, iterative feature extraction takes time. Our proposed method significantly reduces the computational cost using cascading shallow layers. Our idea is to omit redundant computations that do not always contribute to the final accuracy. The proposed approach is approximately three times faster than the existing methods without a loss of accuracy.      
### 75.RPT++: Customized Feature Representation for Siamese Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12194.pdf)
>  While recent years have witnessed remarkable progress in the feature representation of visual tracking, the problem of feature misalignment between the classification and regression tasks is largely overlooked. The approaches of feature extraction make no difference for these two tasks in most of advanced trackers. We argue that the performance gain of visual tracking is limited since features extracted from the salient area provide more recognizable visual patterns for classification, while these around the boundaries contribute to accurately estimating the target state. <br>We address this problem by proposing two customized feature extractors, named polar pooling and extreme pooling to capture task-specific visual patterns. Polar pooling plays the role of enriching information collected from the semantic keypoints for stronger classification, while extreme pooling facilitates explicit visual patterns of the object boundary for accurate target state estimation. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the task-specific feature representation by integrating it into the recent and advanced tracker RPT. Extensive experiments on several benchmarks show that our Customized Features based RPT (RPT++) achieves new state-of-the-art performances on OTB-100, VOT2018, VOT2019, GOT-10k, TrackingNet and LaSOT.      
### 76.Attend and Guide (AG-Net): A Keypoints-driven Attention-based Deep Network for Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12183.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel keypoints-based attention mechanism for visual recognition in still images. Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for recognizing images with distinctive classes have shown great success, but their performance in discriminating fine-grained changes is not at the same level. We address this by proposing an end-to-end CNN model, which learns meaningful features linking fine-grained changes using our novel attention mechanism. It captures the spatial structures in images by identifying semantic regions (SRs) and their spatial distributions, and is proved to be the key to modelling subtle changes in images. We automatically identify these SRs by grouping the detected keypoints in a given image. The ``usefulness'' of these SRs for image recognition is measured using our innovative attentional mechanism focusing on parts of the image that are most relevant to a given task. This framework applies to traditional and fine-grained image recognition tasks and does not require manually annotated regions (e.g. bounding-box of body parts, objects, etc.) for learning and prediction. Moreover, the proposed keypoints-driven attention mechanism can be easily integrated into the existing CNN models. The framework is evaluated on six diverse benchmark datasets. The model outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches by a considerable margin using Distracted Driver V1 (Acc: 3.39%), Distracted Driver V2 (Acc: 6.58%), Stanford-40 Actions (mAP: 2.15%), People Playing Musical Instruments (mAP: 16.05%), Food-101 (Acc: 6.30%) and Caltech-256 (Acc: 2.59%) datasets.      
### 77.MisMatch: Learning to Change Predictive Confidences with Attention for Consistency-Based, Semi-Supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12179.pdf)
>  The lack of labels is one of the fundamental constraints in deep learning based methods for image classification and segmentation, especially in applications such as medical imaging. Semi-supervised learning (SSL) is a promising method to address the challenge of labels carcity. The state-of-the-art SSL methods utilise consistency regularisation to learn unlabelled predictions which are invariant to perturbations on the prediction confidence. However, such SSL approaches rely on hand-crafted augmentation techniques which could be sub-optimal. In this paper, we propose MisMatch, a novel consistency based semi-supervised segmentation method. MisMatch automatically learns to produce paired predictions with increasedand decreased confidences. MisMatch consists of an encoder and two decoders. One decoder learns positive attention for regions of interest (RoI) on unlabelled data thereby generating higher confidence predictions of RoI. The other decoder learns negative attention for RoI on the same unlabelled data thereby generating lower confidence predictions. We then apply a consistency regularisation between the paired predictions of the decoders. For evaluation, we first perform extensive cross-validation on a CT-based pulmonary vessel segmentation task and show that MisMatch statistically outperforms state-of-the-art semi-supervised methods when only 6.25% of the total labels are used. Furthermore MisMatch performance using 6.25% ofthe total labels is comparable to state-of-the-art methodsthat utilise all available labels. In a second experiment, MisMatch outperforms state-of-the-art methods on an MRI-based brain tumour segmentation task.      
### 78.An attention-driven hierarchical multi-scale representation for visual recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12178.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have revolutionized the understanding of visual content. This is mainly due to their ability to break down an image into smaller pieces, extract multi-scale localized features and compose them to construct highly expressive representations for decision making. However, the convolution operation is unable to capture long-range dependencies such as arbitrary relations between pixels since it operates on a fixed-size window. Therefore, it may not be suitable for discriminating subtle changes (e.g. fine-grained visual recognition). To this end, our proposed method captures the high-level long-range dependencies by exploring Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs), which aggregate information by establishing relationships among multi-scale hierarchical regions. These regions consist of smaller (closer look) to larger (far look), and the dependency between regions is modeled by an innovative attention-driven message propagation, guided by the graph structure to emphasize the neighborhoods of a given region. Our approach is simple yet extremely effective in solving both the fine-grained and generic visual classification problems. It outperforms the state-of-the-arts with a significant margin on three and is very competitive on other two datasets.      
### 79.Spectrum-to-Kernel Translation for Accurate Blind Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12151.pdf)
>  Deep-learning based Super-Resolution (SR) methods have exhibited promising performance under non-blind setting where blur kernel is known. However, blur kernels of Low-Resolution (LR) images in different practical applications are usually unknown. It may lead to significant performance drop when degradation process of training images deviates from that of real images. In this paper, we propose a novel blind SR framework to super-resolve LR images degraded by arbitrary blur kernel with accurate kernel estimation in frequency domain. To our best knowledge, this is the first deep learning method which conducts blur kernel estimation in frequency domain. Specifically, we first demonstrate that feature representation in frequency domain is more conducive for blur kernel reconstruction than in spatial domain. Next, we present a Spectrum-to-Kernel (S$2$K) network to estimate general blur kernels in diverse forms. We use a Conditional GAN (CGAN) combined with SR-oriented optimization target to learn the end-to-end translation from degraded images' spectra to unknown kernels. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real-world images demonstrate that our proposed method sufficiently reduces blur kernel estimation error, thus enables the off-the-shelf non-blind SR methods to work under blind setting effectively, and achieves superior performance over state-of-the-art blind SR methods, averagely by 1.39dB, 0.48dB on commom blind SR setting (with Gaussian kernels) for scales $2\times$ and $4\times$, respectively.      
### 80.Spatio-Temporal Graph Complementary Scattering Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12150.pdf)
>  Spatio-temporal graph signal analysis has a significant impact on a wide range of applications, including hand/body pose action recognition. To achieve effective analysis, spatio-temporal graph convolutional networks (ST-GCN) leverage the powerful learning ability to achieve great empirical successes; however, those methods need a huge amount of high-quality training data and lack theoretical interpretation. To address this issue, the spatio-temporal graph scattering transform (ST-GST) was proposed to put forth a theoretically interpretable framework; however, the empirical performance of this approach is constrainted by the fully mathematical design. To benefit from both sides, this work proposes a novel complementary mechanism to organically combine the spatio-temporal graph scattering transform and neural networks, resulting in the proposed spatio-temporal graph complementary scattering networks (ST-GCSN). The essence is to leverage the mathematically designed graph wavelets with pruning techniques to cover major information and use trainable networks to capture complementary information. The empirical experiments on hand pose action recognition show that the proposed ST-GCSN outperforms both ST-GCN and ST-GST.      
### 81.A Study of Multimodal Person Verification Using Audio-Visual-Thermal Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12136.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study an approach to multimodal person verification using audio, visual, and thermal modalities. The combination of audio and visual modalities has already been shown to be effective for robust person verification. From this perspective, we investigate the impact of further increasing the number of modalities by supplementing thermal images. In particular, we implemented unimodal, bimodal, and trimodal verification systems using the state-of-the-art deep learning architectures and compared their performance under clean and noisy conditions. We also compared two popular fusion approaches based on simple score averaging and soft attention mechanism. The experiment conducted on the SpeakingFaces dataset demonstrates the superiority of the trimodal verification system over both unimodal and bimodal systems. To enable the reproducibility of the experiment and facilitate research into multimodal person verification, we make our code, pretrained models and preprocessed dataset freely available in our GitHub repository.      
### 82.RCNet: Reverse Feature Pyramid and Cross-scale Shift Network for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12130.pdf)
>  Feature pyramid networks (FPN) are widely exploited for multi-scale feature fusion in existing advanced object detection frameworks. Numerous previous works have developed various structures for bidirectional feature fusion, all of which are shown to improve the detection performance effectively. We observe that these complicated network structures require feature pyramids to be stacked in a fixed order, which introduces longer pipelines and reduces the inference speed. Moreover, semantics from non-adjacent levels are diluted in the feature pyramid since only features at adjacent pyramid levels are merged by the local fusion operation in a sequence manner. To address these issues, we propose a novel architecture named RCNet, which consists of Reverse Feature Pyramid (RevFP) and Cross-scale Shift Network (CSN). RevFP utilizes local bidirectional feature fusion to simplify the bidirectional pyramid inference pipeline. CSN directly propagates representations to both adjacent and non-adjacent levels to enable multi-scale features more correlative. Extensive experiments on the MS COCO dataset demonstrate RCNet can consistently bring significant improvements over both one-stage and two-stage detectors with subtle extra computational overhead. In particular, RetinaNet is boosted to 40.2 AP, which is 3.7 points higher than baseline, by replacing FPN with our proposed model. On COCO test-dev, RCNet can achieve very competitive performance with a single-model single-scale 50.5 AP. Codes will be made available.      
### 83.MTGLS: Multi-Task Gaze Estimation with Limited Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12100.pdf)
>  Robust gaze estimation is a challenging task, even for deep CNNs, due to the non-availability of large-scale labeled data. Moreover, gaze annotation is a time-consuming process and requires specialized hardware setups. We propose MTGLS: a Multi-Task Gaze estimation framework with Limited Supervision, which leverages abundantly available non-annotated facial image data. MTGLS distills knowledge from off-the-shelf facial image analysis models, and learns strong feature representations of human eyes, guided by three complementary auxiliary signals: (a) the line of sight of the pupil (i.e. pseudo-gaze) defined by the localized facial landmarks, (b) the head-pose given by Euler angles, and (c) the orientation of the eye patch (left/right eye). To overcome inherent noise in the supervisory signals, MTGLS further incorporates a noise distribution modelling approach. Our experimental results show that MTGLS learns highly generalized representations which consistently perform well on a range of datasets. Our proposed framework outperforms the unsupervised state-of-the-art on CAVE (by 6.43%) and even supervised state-of-the-art methods on Gaze360 (by 6.59%) datasets.      
### 84.Circle Representation for Medical Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12093.pdf)
>  Box representation has been extensively used for object detection in computer vision. Such representation is efficacious but not necessarily optimized for biomedical objects (e.g., glomeruli), which play an essential role in renal pathology. In this paper, we propose a simple circle representation for medical object detection and introduce CircleNet, an anchor-free detection framework. Compared with the conventional bounding box representation, the proposed bounding circle representation innovates in three-fold: (1) it is optimized for ball-shaped biomedical objects; (2) The circle representation reduced the degree of freedom compared with box representation; (3) It is naturally more rotation invariant. When detecting glomeruli and nuclei on pathological images, the proposed circle representation achieved superior detection performance and be more rotation-invariant, compared with the bounding box. The code has been made publicly available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hrlblab/CircleNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 85.CD&amp;S Dataset: Handheld Imagery Dataset Acquired Under Field Conditions for Corn Disease Identification and Severity Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12084.pdf)
>  Accurate disease identification and its severity estimation is an important consideration for disease management. Deep learning-based solutions for disease management using imagery datasets are being increasingly explored by the research community. However, most reported studies have relied on imagery datasets that were acquired under controlled lab conditions. As a result, such models lacked the ability to identify diseases in the field. Therefore, to train a robust deep learning model for field use, an imagery dataset was created using raw images acquired under field conditions using a handheld sensor and augmented images with varying backgrounds. The Corn Disease and Severity (CD&amp;S) dataset consisted of 511, 524, and 562, field acquired raw images, corresponding to three common foliar corn diseases, namely Northern Leaf Blight (NLB), Gray Leaf Spot (GLS), and Northern Leaf Spot (NLS), respectively. For training disease identification models, half of the imagery data for each disease was annotated using bounding boxes and also used to generate 2343 additional images through augmentation using three different backgrounds. For severity estimation, an additional 515 raw images for NLS were acquired and categorized into severity classes ranging from 1 (resistant) to 5 (susceptible). Overall, the CD&amp;S dataset consisted of 4455 total images comprising of 2112 field images and 2343 augmented images.      
### 86.Generative Adversarial Networks for Non-Raytraced Global Illumination on Older GPU Hardware  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12039.pdf)
>  We give an overview of the different rendering methods and we demonstrate that the use of a Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) for Global Illumination (GI) gives a superior quality rendered image to that of a rasterisations image. We utilise the Pix2Pix architecture and specify the hyper-parameters and methodology used to mimic ray-traced images from a set of input features. We also demonstrate that the GANs quality is comparable to the quality of the ray-traced images, but is able to produce the image, at a fraction of the time.      
### 87.A Simple Baseline for Low-Budget Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12033.pdf)
>  Active learning focuses on choosing a subset of unlabeled data to be labeled. However, most such methods assume that a large subset of the data can be annotated. We are interested in low-budget active learning where only a small subset (e.g., 0.2% of ImageNet) can be annotated. Instead of proposing a new query strategy to iteratively sample batches of unlabeled data given an initial pool, we learn rich features by an off-the-shelf self-supervised learning method only once and then study the effectiveness of different sampling strategies given a low budget on a variety of datasets as well as ImageNet dataset. We show that although the state-of-the-art active learning methods work well given a large budget of data labeling, a simple k-means clustering algorithm can outperform them on low budgets. We believe this method can be used as a simple baseline for low-budget active learning on image classification. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UCDvision/low-budget-al" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 88.Local-Global Associative Frame Assemble in Video Re-ID  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12018.pdf)
>  Noisy and unrepresentative frames in automatically generated object bounding boxes from video sequences cause significant challenges in learning discriminative representations in video re-identification (Re-ID). Most existing methods tackle this problem by assessing the importance of video frames according to either their local part alignments or global appearance correlations separately. However, given the diverse and unknown sources of noise which usually co-exist in captured video data, existing methods have not been effective satisfactorily. In this work, we explore jointly both local alignments and global correlations with further consideration of their mutual promotion/reinforcement so to better assemble complementary discriminative Re-ID information within all the relevant frames in video tracklets. Specifically, we concurrently optimise a local aligned quality (LAQ) module that distinguishes the quality of each frame based on local alignments, and a global correlated quality (GCQ) module that estimates global appearance correlations. With the help of a local-assembled global appearance prototype, we associate LAQ and GCQ to exploit their mutual complement. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model against state-of-the-art methods on five Re-ID benchmarks, including MARS, Duke-Video, Duke-SI, iLIDS-VID, and PRID2011.      
### 89.When to Prune? A Policy towards Early Structural Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12007.pdf)
>  Pruning enables appealing reductions in network memory footprint and time complexity. Conventional post-training pruning techniques lean towards efficient inference while overlooking the heavy computation for training. Recent exploration of pre-training pruning at initialization hints on training cost reduction via pruning, but suffers noticeable performance degradation. We attempt to combine the benefits of both directions and propose a policy that prunes as early as possible during training without hurting performance. Instead of pruning at initialization, our method exploits initial dense training for few epochs to quickly guide the architecture, while constantly evaluating dominant sub-networks via neuron importance ranking. This unveils dominant sub-networks whose structures turn stable, allowing conventional pruning to be pushed earlier into the training. To do this early, we further introduce an Early Pruning Indicator (EPI) that relies on sub-network architectural similarity and quickly triggers pruning when the sub-network's architecture stabilizes. Through extensive experiments on ImageNet, we show that EPI empowers a quick tracking of early training epochs suitable for pruning, offering same efficacy as an otherwise ``oracle'' grid-search that scans through epochs and requires orders of magnitude more compute. Our method yields $1.4\%$ top-1 accuracy boost over state-of-the-art pruning counterparts, cuts down training cost on GPU by $2.4\times$, hence offers a new efficiency-accuracy boundary for network pruning during training.      
### 90.Latent-Insensitive Autoencoders for Anomaly Detection and Class-Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13101.pdf)
>  Reconstruction-based approaches to anomaly detection tend to fall short when applied to complex datasets with target classes that possess high inter-class variance. Similar to the idea of self-taught learning used in transfer learning, many domains are rich with \textit{similar} unlabeled datasets that could be leveraged as a proxy for out-of-distribution samples. In this paper we introduce Latent-Insensitive Autoencoder (LIS-AE) where unlabeled data from a similar domain is utilized as negative examples to shape the latent layer (bottleneck) of a regular autoencoder such that it is only capable of reconstructing one task. Since the underlying goal of LIS-AE is to only reconstruct in-distribution samples, this makes it naturally applicable in the domain of class-incremental learning. We treat class-incremental learning as multiple anomaly detection tasks by adding a different latent layer for each class and use other available classes in task as negative examples to shape each latent layer. We test our model in multiple anomaly detection and class-incremental settings presenting quantitative and qualitative analysis showcasing the accuracy and the flexibility of our model for both anomaly detection and class-incremental learning.      
### 91.Parameter Prediction for Unseen Deep Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13100.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been successful in automating the design of features in machine learning pipelines. However, the algorithms optimizing neural network parameters remain largely hand-designed and computationally inefficient. We study if we can use deep learning to directly predict these parameters by exploiting the past knowledge of training other networks. We introduce a large-scale dataset of diverse computational graphs of neural architectures - DeepNets-1M - and use it to explore parameter prediction on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet. By leveraging advances in graph neural networks, we propose a hypernetwork that can predict performant parameters in a single forward pass taking a fraction of a second, even on a CPU. The proposed model achieves surprisingly good performance on unseen and diverse networks. For example, it is able to predict all 24 million parameters of a ResNet-50 achieving a 60% accuracy on CIFAR-10. On ImageNet, top-5 accuracy of some of our networks approaches 50%. Our task along with the model and results can potentially lead to a new, more computationally efficient paradigm of training networks. Our model also learns a strong representation of neural architectures enabling their analysis.      
### 92.AutoMTL: A Programming Framework for Automated Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13076.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning (MTL) jointly learns a set of tasks. It is a promising approach to reduce the training and inference time and storage costs while improving prediction accuracy and generalization performance for many computer vision tasks. However, a major barrier preventing the widespread adoption of MTL is the lack of systematic support for developing compact multi-task models given a set of tasks. In this paper, we aim to remove the barrier by developing the first programming framework AutoMTL that automates MTL model development. AutoMTL takes as inputs an arbitrary backbone convolutional neural network and a set of tasks to learn, then automatically produce a multi-task model that achieves high accuracy and has small memory footprint simultaneously. As a programming framework, AutoMTL could facilitate the development of MTL-enabled computer vision applications and even further improve task performance. Code of AutoMTL will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhanglijun95/AutoMTL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 93.Dual Skip Connections Minimize the False Positive Rate of Lung Nodule Detection in CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13036.pdf)
>  Pulmonary cancer is one of the most commonly diagnosed and fatal cancers and is often diagnosed by incidental findings on computed tomography. Automated pulmonary nodule detection is an essential part of computer-aided diagnosis, which is still facing great challenges and difficulties to quickly and accurately locate the exact nodules' positions. This paper proposes a dual skip connection upsampling strategy based on Dual Path network in a U-Net structure generating multiscale feature maps, which aims to minimize the ratio of false positives and maximize the sensitivity for lesion detection of nodules. The results show that our new upsampling strategy improves the performance by having 85.3% sensitivity at 4 FROC per image compared to 84.2% for the regular upsampling strategy or 81.2% for VGG16-based Faster-R-CNN.      
### 94.Generative Residual Attention Network for Disease Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12984.pdf)
>  Accurate identification and localization of abnormalities from radiology images serve as a critical role in computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) systems. Building a highly generalizable system usually requires a large amount of data with high-quality annotations, including disease-specific global and localization information. However, in medical images, only a limited number of high-quality images and annotations are available due to annotation expenses. In this paper, we explore this problem by presenting a novel approach for disease generation in X-rays using a conditional generative adversarial learning. Specifically, given a chest X-ray image from a source domain, we generate a corresponding radiology image in a target domain while preserving the identity of the patient. We then use the generated X-ray image in the target domain to augment our training to improve the detection performance. We also present a unified framework that simultaneously performs disease generation and localization.We evaluate the proposed approach on the X-ray image dataset provided by the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA), surpassing the state-of-the-art baseline detection algorithms.      
### 95.Stochastic Rounding for Image Interpolation and Scan Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12983.pdf)
>  The stochastic rounding (SR) function is introduced to demonstrate the effects of stochastically rounding row and column subscripts on image interpolation quality in nearest neighbor interpolation (NNI). The introduced SR function is based on a pseudorandom number that enables the pseudorandom rounding up or down of any non-integer row and column subscripts. Also, the SR function exceptionally enables rounding up of any possible cases of subscript inputs that are inferior to a pseudorandom number - especially at a high interpolation scaling ratio. The quality of NNI-SR interpolated images is evaluated against the quality of reference images - before and after applying smoothing and sharpening filters, mentioned. The quality of NNI-SR interpolated scan conversion video frames is evaluated without using any references - focusing on the quality of one frame after every 78-milliseconds for 10 000 milliseconds. Relevant experimental simulation results, discussions, and recommendations are also provided.      
### 96.Stable Neural ODE with Lyapunov-Stable Equilibrium Points for Defending Against Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12976.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are well-known to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks, where malicious human-imperceptible perturbations are included in the input to the deep network to fool it into making a wrong classification. Recent studies have demonstrated that neural Ordinary Differential Equations (ODEs) are intrinsically more robust against adversarial attacks compared to vanilla DNNs. In this work, we propose a stable neural ODE with Lyapunov-stable equilibrium points for defending against adversarial attacks (SODEF). By ensuring that the equilibrium points of the ODE solution used as part of SODEF is Lyapunov-stable, the ODE solution for an input with a small perturbation converges to the same solution as the unperturbed input. We provide theoretical results that give insights into the stability of SODEF as well as the choice of regularizers to ensure its stability. Our analysis suggests that our proposed regularizers force the extracted feature points to be within a neighborhood of the Lyapunov-stable equilibrium points of the ODE. SODEF is compatible with many defense methods and can be applied to any neural network's final regressor layer to enhance its stability against adversarial attacks.      
### 97.Seeing biodiversity: perspectives in machine learning for wildlife conservation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12951.pdf)
>  Data acquisition in animal ecology is rapidly accelerating due to inexpensive and accessible sensors such as smartphones, drones, satellites, audio recorders and bio-logging devices. These new technologies and the data they generate hold great potential for large-scale environmental monitoring and understanding, but are limited by current data processing approaches which are inefficient in how they ingest, digest, and distill data into relevant information. We argue that machine learning, and especially deep learning approaches, can meet this analytic challenge to enhance our understanding, monitoring capacity, and conservation of wildlife species. Incorporating machine learning into ecological workflows could improve inputs for population and behavior models and eventually lead to integrated hybrid modeling tools, with ecological models acting as constraints for machine learning models and the latter providing data-supported insights. In essence, by combining new machine learning approaches with ecological domain knowledge, animal ecologists can capitalize on the abundance of data generated by modern sensor technologies in order to reliably estimate population abundances, study animal behavior and mitigate human/wildlife conflicts. To succeed, this approach will require close collaboration and cross-disciplinary education between the computer science and animal ecology communities in order to ensure the quality of machine learning approaches and train a new generation of data scientists in ecology and conservation.      
### 98.Interactive Segmentation via Deep Learning and B-Spline Explicit Active Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12939.pdf)
>  Automatic medical image segmentation via convolutional neural networks (CNNs) has shown promising results. However, they may not always be robust enough for clinical use. Sub-optimal segmentation would require clinician's to manually delineate the target object, causing frustration. To address this problem, a novel interactive CNN-based segmentation framework is proposed in this work. The aim is to represent the CNN segmentation contour as B-splines by utilising B-spline explicit active surfaces (BEAS). The interactive element of the framework allows the user to precisely edit the contour in real-time, and by utilising BEAS it ensures the final contour is smooth and anatomically plausible. This framework was applied to the task of 2D segmentation of the levator hiatus from 2D ultrasound (US) images, and compared to the current clinical tools used in pelvic floor disorder clinic (4DView, GE Healthcare; Zipf, Austria). Experimental results show that: 1) the proposed framework is more robust than current state-of-the-art CNNs; 2) the perceived workload calculated via the NASA-TLX index was reduced more than half for the proposed approach in comparison to current clinical tools; and 3) the proposed tool requires at least 13 seconds less user time than the clinical tools, which was significant (p=0.001).      
### 99.Revealing unforeseen diagnostic image features with deep learning by detecting cardiovascular diseases from apical four-chamber ultrasounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12915.pdf)
>  Background. With the rise of highly portable, wireless, and low-cost ultrasound devices and automatic ultrasound acquisition techniques, an automated interpretation method requiring only a limited set of views as input could make preliminary cardiovascular disease diagnoses more accessible. In this study, we developed a deep learning (DL) method for automated detection of impaired left ventricular (LV) function and aortic valve (AV) regurgitation from apical four-chamber (A4C) ultrasound cineloops and investigated which anatomical structures or temporal frames provided the most relevant information for the DL model to enable disease classification. <br>Methods and Results. A4C ultrasounds were extracted from 3,554 echocardiograms of patients with either impaired LV function (n=928), AV regurgitation (n=738), or no significant abnormalities (n=1,888). Two convolutional neural networks (CNNs) were trained separately to classify the respective disease cases against normal cases. The overall classification accuracy of the impaired LV function detection model was 86%, and that of the AV regurgitation detection model was 83%. Feature importance analyses demonstrated that the LV myocardium and mitral valve were important for detecting impaired LV function, while the tip of the mitral valve anterior leaflet, during opening, was considered important for detecting AV regurgitation. <br>Conclusion. The proposed method demonstrated the feasibility of a 3D CNN approach in detection of impaired LV function and AV regurgitation using A4C ultrasound cineloops. The current research shows that DL methods can exploit large training data to detect diseases in a different way than conventionally agreed upon methods, and potentially reveal unforeseen diagnostic image features.      
### 100.Automated Scoring System of HER2 in Pathological Images under the Microscope  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12900.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women worldwide. The human epidermal growth factor receptor 2(HER2) with immunohistochemical(IHC) is widely used for pathological evaluation to provide the appropriate therapy for patients with breast cancer. However, the deficiency of pathologists is extremely significant in the current society, and visual diagnosis of the HER2 overexpression is subjective and susceptible to inter-observer variation. Recently, with the rapid development of artificial intelligence(AI) in disease diagnosis, several automated HER2 scoring methods using traditional computer vision or machine learning methods indicate the improvement of the HER2 diagnostic accuracy, but the unreasonable interpretation in pathology, as well as the expensive and ethical issues for annotation, make these methods still have a long way to deploy in hospitals to ease pathologists' burden in real. In this paper, we propose a HER2 automated scoring system that strictly follows the HER2 scoring guidelines simulating the real workflow of HER2 scores diagnosis by pathologists. Unlike the previous work, our method takes the positive control of HER2 into account to make sure the assay performance for each slide, eliminating work for repeated comparison and checking for the current field of view(FOV) and positive control FOV, especially for the borderline cases. Besides, for each selected FOV under the microscope, our system provides real-time HER2 scores analysis and visualizations of the membrane staining intensity and completeness corresponding with the cell classification. Our rigorous workflow along with the flexible interactive adjustion in demand substantially assists pathologists to finish the HER2 diagnosis faster and improves the robustness and accuracy. The proposed system will be embedded in our Thorough Eye platform for deployment in hospitals.      
### 101.Classification of PS and ABS Black Plastics for WEEE Recycling Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12896.pdf)
>  Pollution and climate change are some of the biggest challenges that humanity is facing. In such a context, efficient recycling is a crucial tool for a sustainable future. This work is aimed at creating a system that can classify different types of plastics by using picture analysis, in particular, black plastics of the type Polystyrene (PS) and Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene (ABS). They are two common plastics from Waste from Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE). For this purpose, a Convolutional Neural Network has been tested and retrained, obtaining a validation accuracy of 95%. Using a separate test set, average accuracy goes down to 86.6%, but a further look at the results shows that the ABS type is correctly classified 100% of the time, so it is the PS type that accumulates all the errors. Overall, this demonstrates the feasibility of classifying black plastics using CNN machine learning techniques. It is believed that if a more diverse and extensive image dataset becomes available, a system with higher reliability that generalizes well could be developed using the proposed methodology.      
### 102.The Efficiency Misnomer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12894.pdf)
>  Model efficiency is a critical aspect of developing and deploying machine learning models. Inference time and latency directly affect the user experience, and some applications have hard requirements. In addition to inference costs, model training also have direct financial and environmental impacts. Although there are numerous well-established metrics (cost indicators) for measuring model efficiency, researchers and practitioners often assume that these metrics are correlated with each other and report only few of them. In this paper, we thoroughly discuss common cost indicators, their advantages and disadvantages, and how they can contradict each other. We demonstrate how incomplete reporting of cost indicators can lead to partial conclusions and a blurred or incomplete picture of the practical considerations of different models. We further present suggestions to improve reporting of efficiency metrics.      
### 103.Anatomical and Diagnostic Bayesian Segmentation in Prostate MRI $-$Should Different Clinical Objectives Mandate Different Loss Functions?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12889.pdf)
>  We hypothesize that probabilistic voxel-level classification of anatomy and malignancy in prostate MRI, although typically posed as near-identical segmentation tasks via U-Nets, require different loss functions for optimal performance due to inherent differences in their clinical objectives. We investigate distribution, region and boundary-based loss functions for both tasks across 200 patient exams from the publicly-available ProstateX dataset. For evaluation, we conduct a thorough comparative analysis of model predictions and calibration, measured with respect to multi-class volume segmentation of the prostate anatomy (whole-gland, transitional zone, peripheral zone), as well as, patient-level diagnosis and lesion-level detection of clinically significant prostate cancer. Notably, we find that distribution-based loss functions (in particular, focal loss) are well-suited for diagnostic or panoptic segmentation tasks such as lesion detection, primarily due to their implicit property of inducing better calibration. Meanwhile, (with the exception of focal loss) both distribution and region/boundary-based loss functions perform equally well for anatomical or semantic segmentation tasks, such as quantification of organ shape, size and boundaries.      
### 104.Automatic segmentation of novel coronavirus pneumonia lesions in CT images utilizing deep-supervised ensemble learning network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12827.pdf)
>  Background: The 2019 novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has been spread widely in the world, causing a huge threat to people's living environment. Objective: Under computed tomography (CT) imaging, the structure features of COVID-19 lesions are complicated and varied greatly in different cases. To accurately locate COVID-19 lesions and assist doctors to make the best diagnosis and treatment plan, a deep-supervised ensemble learning network is presented for COVID-19 lesion segmentation in CT images. Methods: Considering the fact that a large number of COVID-19 CT images and the corresponding lesion annotations are difficult to obtained, a transfer learning strategy is employed to make up for the shortcoming and alleviate the overfitting problem. Based on the reality that traditional single deep learning framework is difficult to extract COVID-19 lesion features effectively, which may cause some lesions to be undetected. To overcome the problem, a deep-supervised ensemble learning network is presented to combine with local and global features for COVID-19 lesion segmentation. Results: The performance of the proposed method was validated in experiments with a publicly available dataset. Compared with manual annotations, the proposed method acquired a high intersection over union (IoU) of 0.7279. Conclusion: A deep-supervised ensemble learning network was presented for coronavirus pneumonia lesion segmentation in CT images. The effectiveness of the proposed method was verified by visual inspection and quantitative evaluation. Experimental results shown that the proposed mehtod has a perfect performance in COVID-19 lesion segmentation.      
### 105.Raw Bayer Pattern Image Synthesis with Conditional GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12823.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method to generate Bayer pattern images by Generative adversarial network (GANs). It is shown theoretically that using the transformed data in GANs training is able to improve the generator learning of the original data distribution, owing to the invariant of Jensen Shannon(JS) divergence between two distributions under invertible and differentiable transformation. The Bayer pattern images can be generated by configuring the transformation as demosaicing, by converting the existing standard color datasets to Bayer domain, the proposed method is promising in the applications such as to find the optimal ISP configuration for computer vision tasks, in the in sensor or near sensor computing, even in photography. Experiments show that the images generated by our proposed method outperform the original Pix2PixHD model in FID score, PSNR, and SSIM, and the training process is more stable. For the situation similar to in sensor or near sensor computing for object detection, by using our proposed method, the model performance can be improved without the modification to the image sensor.      
### 106.Practical Galaxy Morphology Tools from Deep Supervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12735.pdf)
>  Astronomers have typically set out to solve supervised machine learning problems by creating their own representations from scratch. We show that deep learning models trained to answer every Galaxy Zoo DECaLS question learn meaningful semantic representations of galaxies that are useful for new tasks on which the models were never trained. We exploit these representations to outperform existing approaches at several practical tasks crucial for investigating large galaxy samples. The first task is identifying galaxies of similar morphology to a query galaxy. Given a single galaxy assigned a free text tag by humans (e.g. `#diffuse'), we can find galaxies matching that tag for most tags. The second task is identifying the most interesting anomalies to a particular researcher. Our approach is 100\% accurate at identifying the most interesting 100 anomalies (as judged by Galaxy Zoo 2 volunteers). The third task is adapting a model to solve a new task using only a small number of newly-labelled galaxies. Models fine-tuned from our representation are better able to identify ring galaxies than models fine-tuned from terrestrial images (ImageNet) or trained from scratch. We solve each task with very few new labels; either one (for the similarity search) or several hundred (for anomaly detection or fine-tuning). This challenges the longstanding view that deep supervised methods require new large labelled datasets for practical use in astronomy. To help the community benefit from our pretrained models, we release our fine-tuning code zoobot. Zoobot is accessible to researchers with no prior experience in deep learning.      
### 107.ZerO Initialization: Initializing Residual Networks with only Zeros and Ones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12661.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are usually initialized with random weights, with adequately selected initial variance to ensure stable signal propagation during training. However, there is no consensus on how to select the variance, and this becomes challenging especially as the number of layers grows. In this work, we replace the widely used random weight initialization with a fully deterministic initialization scheme ZerO, which initializes residual networks with only zeros and ones. By augmenting the standard ResNet architectures with a few extra skip connections and Hadamard transforms, ZerO allows us to start the training from zeros and ones entirely. This has many benefits such as improving reproducibility (by reducing the variance over different experimental runs) and allowing network training without batch normalization. Surprisingly, we find that ZerO achieves state-of-the-art performance over various image classification datasets, including ImageNet, which suggests random weights may be unnecessary for modern network initialization.      
### 108.Kernel density estimation-based sampling for neural network classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12644.pdf)
>  Imbalanced data occurs in a wide range of scenarios. The skewed distribution of the target variable elicits bias in machine learning algorithms. One of the popular methods to combat imbalanced data is to artificially balance the data through resampling. In this paper, we compare the efficacy of a recently proposed kernel density estimation (KDE) sampling technique in the context of artificial neural networks. We benchmark the KDE sampling method against two base sampling techniques and perform comparative experiments using 8 datasets and 3 neural networks architectures. The results show that KDE sampling produces the best performance on 6 out of 8 datasets. However, it must be used with caution on image datasets. We conclude that KDE sampling is capable of significantly improving the performance of neural networks.      
### 109.GraspLook: a VR-based Telemanipulation System with R-CNN-driven Augmentation of Virtual Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12518.pdf)
>  The teleoperation of robotic systems in medical applications requires stable and convenient visual feedback for the operator. The most accessible approach to delivering visual information from the remote area is using cameras to transmit a video stream from the environment. However, such systems are sensitive to the camera resolution, limited viewpoints, and cluttered environment bringing additional mental demands to the human operator. The paper proposes a novel system of teleoperation based on an augmented virtual environment (VE). The region-based convolutional neural network (R-CNN) is applied to detect the laboratory instrument and estimate its position in the remote environment to display further its digital twin in the VE, which is necessary for dexterous telemanipulation. The experimental results revealed that the developed system allows users to operate the robot smoother, which leads to a decrease in task execution time when manipulating test tubes. In addition, the participants evaluated the developed system as less mentally demanding (by 11%) and requiring less effort (by 16%) to accomplish the task than the camera-based teleoperation approach and highly assessed their performance in the augmented VE. The proposed technology can be potentially applied for conducting laboratory tests in remote areas when operating with infectious and poisonous reagents.      
### 110.Requirement analysis for an artificial intelligence model for the diagnosis of the COVID-19 from chest X-ray data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12464.pdf)
>  There are multiple papers published about different AI models for the COVID-19 diagnosis with promising results. Unfortunately according to the reviews many of the papers do not reach the level of sophistication needed for a clinically usable model. In this paper I go through multiple review papers, guidelines, and other relevant material in order to generate more comprehensive requirements for the future papers proposing a AI based diagnosis of the COVID-19 from chest X-ray data (CXR). Main findings are that a clinically usable AI needs to have an extremely good documentation, comprehensive statistical analysis of the possible biases and performance, and an explainability module.      
### 111.WARPd: A linearly convergent first-order method for inverse problems with approximate sharpness conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12437.pdf)
>  Reconstruction of signals from undersampled and noisy measurements is a topic of considerable interest. Sharpness conditions directly control the recovery performance of restart schemes for first-order methods without the need for restrictive assumptions such as strong convexity. However, they are challenging to apply in the presence of noise or approximate model classes (e.g., approximate sparsity). We provide a first-order method: Weighted, Accelerated and Restarted Primal-dual (WARPd), based on primal-dual iterations and a novel restart-reweight scheme. Under a generic approximate sharpness condition, WARPd achieves stable linear convergence to the desired vector. Many problems of interest fit into this framework. For example, we analyze sparse recovery in compressed sensing, low-rank matrix recovery, matrix completion, TV regularization, minimization of $\|Bx\|_{l^1}$ under constraints ($l^1$-analysis problems for general $B$), and mixed regularization problems. We show how several quantities controlling recovery performance also provide explicit approximate sharpness constants. Numerical experiments show that WARPd compares favorably with specialized state-of-the-art methods and is ideally suited for solving large-scale problems. We also present a noise-blind variant based on the Square-Root LASSO decoder. Finally, we show how to unroll WARPd as neural networks. This approximation theory result provides lower bounds for stable and accurate neural networks for inverse problems and sheds light on architecture choices. Code and a gallery of examples are made available online as a MATLAB package.      
### 112.IQNAS: Interpretable Integer Quadratic Programming Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12399.pdf)
>  Realistic use of neural networks often requires adhering to multiple constraints on latency, energy and memory among others. A popular approach to find fitting networks is through constrained Neural Architecture Search (NAS). However, previous methods use complicated predictors for the accuracy of the network. Those predictors are hard to interpret and sensitive to many hyperparameters to be tuned, hence, the resulting accuracy of the generated models is often harmed. In this work we resolve this by introducing Interpretable Integer Quadratic programming Neural Architecture Search (IQNAS), that is based on an accurate and simple quadratic formulation of both the accuracy predictor and the expected resource requirement, together with a scalable search method with theoretical guarantees. The simplicity of our proposed predictor together with the intuitive way it is constructed bring interpretability through many insights about the contribution of different design choices. For example, we find that in the examined search space, adding depth and width is more effective at deeper stages of the network and at the beginning of each resolution stage. Our experiments show that IQNAS generates comparable to or better architectures than other state-of-the-art NAS methods within a reduced search cost for each additional generated network, while strictly satisfying the resource constraints.      
### 113.Uncertainty-Aware Lung Nodule Segmentation with Multiple Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12372.pdf)
>  Since radiologists have different training and clinical experience, they may provide various segmentation maps for a lung nodule. As a result, for a specific lung nodule, some regions have a higher chance of causing segmentation uncertainty, which brings difficulty for lung nodule segmentation with multiple annotations. To address this problem, this paper proposes an Uncertainty-Aware Segmentation Network (UAS-Net) based on multi-branch U-Net, which can learn the valuable visual features from the regions that may cause segmentation uncertainty and contribute to a better segmentation result. Meanwhile, this network can provide a Multi-Confidence Mask (MCM) simultaneously, pointing out regions with different segmentation uncertainty levels. We introduce a Feature-Aware Concatenation structure for different learning targets and let each branch have a specific learning preference. Moreover, a joint adversarial learning process is also adopted to help learn discriminative features of complex structures. Experimental results show that our method can predict the reasonable regions with higher uncertainty and improve lung nodule segmentation performance in LIDC-IDRI.      
### 114.A Layer-wise Adversarial-aware Quantization Optimization for Improving Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12308.pdf)
>  Neural networks are getting better accuracy with higher energy and computational cost. After quantization, the cost can be greatly saved, and the quantized models are more hardware friendly with acceptable accuracy loss. On the other hand, recent research has found that neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, and the robustness of a neural network model can only be improved with defense methods, such as adversarial training. In this work, we find that adversarially-trained neural networks are more vulnerable to quantization loss than plain models. To minimize both the adversarial and the quantization losses simultaneously and to make the quantized model robust, we propose a layer-wise adversarial-aware quantization method, using the Lipschitz constant to choose the best quantization parameter settings for a neural network. We theoretically derive the losses and prove the consistency of our metric selection. The experiment results show that our method can effectively and efficiently improve the robustness of quantized adversarially-trained neural networks.      
### 115.Perineural Invasion Detection in Multiple Organ Cancer Based on Deep Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12283.pdf)
>  Perineural invasion (PNI) by malignant tumor cells has been reported as an independent indicator of poor prognosis in various cancers. Assessment of PNI in small nerves on glass slides is a labor-intensive task. In this study, we propose an algorithm to detect the perineural invasions in colon, prostate, and pancreas cancers based on a convolutional neural network (CNN).      
### 116."One-Shot" Reduction of Additive Artifacts in Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12274.pdf)
>  Medical images may contain various types of artifacts with different patterns and mixtures, which depend on many factors such as scan setting, machine condition, patients' characteristics, surrounding environment, etc. However, existing deep-learning-based artifact reduction methods are restricted by their training set with specific predetermined artifact types and patterns. As such, they have limited clinical adoption. In this paper, we introduce One-Shot medical image Artifact Reduction (OSAR), which exploits the power of deep learning but without using pre-trained general networks. Specifically, we train a light-weight image-specific artifact reduction network using data synthesized from the input image at test-time. Without requiring any prior large training data set, OSAR can work with almost any medical images that contain varying additive artifacts which are not in any existing data sets. In addition, Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) are used as vehicles and show that the proposed method can reduce artifacts better than state-of-the-art both qualitatively and quantitatively using shorter test time.      
### 117.Benchmarking of Lightweight Deep Learning Architectures for Skin Cancer Classification using ISIC 2017 Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12270.pdf)
>  Skin cancer is one of the deadly types of cancer and is common in the world. Recently, there has been a huge jump in the rate of people getting skin cancer. For this reason, the number of studies on skin cancer classification with deep learning are increasing day by day. For the growth of work in this area, the International Skin Imaging Collaboration (ISIC) organization was established and they created an open dataset archive. In this study, images were taken from ISIC 2017 Challenge. The skin cancer images taken were preprocessed and data augmented. Later, these images were trained with transfer learning and fine-tuning approach and deep learning models were created in this way. 3 different mobile deep learning models and 3 different batch size values were determined for each, and a total of 9 models were created. Among these models, the NASNetMobile model with 16 batch size got the best result. The accuracy value of this model is 82.00%, the precision value is 81.77% and the F1 score value is 0.8038. Our method is to benchmark mobile deep learning models which have few parameters and compare the results of the models.      
### 118.Towards a Robust Differentiable Architecture Search under Label Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12197.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) is the game changer in designing robust neural architectures. Architectures designed by NAS outperform or compete with the best manual network designs in terms of accuracy, size, memory footprint and FLOPs. That said, previous studies focus on developing NAS algorithms for clean high quality data, a restrictive and somewhat unrealistic assumption. In this paper, focusing on the differentiable NAS algorithms, we show that vanilla NAS algorithms suffer from a performance loss if class labels are noisy. To combat this issue, we make use of the principle of information bottleneck as a regularizer. This leads us to develop a noise injecting operation that is included during the learning process, preventing the network from learning from noisy samples. Our empirical evaluations show that the noise injecting operation does not degrade the performance of the NAS algorithm if the data is indeed clean. In contrast, if the data is noisy, the architecture learned by our algorithm comfortably outperforms algorithms specifically equipped with sophisticated mechanisms to learn in the presence of label noise. In contrast to many algorithms designed to work in the presence of noisy labels, prior knowledge about the properties of the noise and its characteristics are not required for our algorithm.      
### 119.Dual Shape Guided Segmentation Network for Organs-at-Risk in Head and Neck CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12192.pdf)
>  The accurate segmentation of organs-at-risk (OARs) in head and neck CT images is a critical step for radiation therapy of head and neck cancer patients. However, manual delineation for numerous OARs is time-consuming and laborious, even for expert oncologists. Moreover, manual delineation results are susceptible to high intra- and inter-variability. To this end, we propose a novel dual shape guided network (DSGnet) to automatically delineate nine important OARs in head and neck CT images. To deal with the large shape variation and unclear boundary of OARs in CT images, we represent the organ shape using an organ-specific unilateral inverse-distance map (UIDM) and guide the segmentation task from two different perspectives: direct shape guidance by following the segmentation prediction and across shape guidance by sharing the segmentation feature. In the direct shape guidance, the segmentation prediction is not only supervised by the true label mask, but also by the true UIDM, which is implemented through a simple yet effective encoder-decoder mapping from the label space to the distance space. In the across shape guidance, UIDM is used to facilitate the segmentation by optimizing the shared feature maps. For the experiments, we build a large head and neck CT dataset with a total of 699 images from different volunteers, and conduct comprehensive experiments and comparisons with other state-of-the-art methods to justify the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed method. The overall Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) value of 0.842 across the nine important OARs demonstrates great potential applications in improving the delineation quality and reducing the time cost.      
### 120.Group-disentangled Representation Learning with Weakly-Supervised Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12185.pdf)
>  Learning interpretable and human-controllable representations that uncover factors of variation in data remains an ongoing key challenge in representation learning. We investigate learning group-disentangled representations for groups of factors with weak supervision. Existing techniques to address this challenge merely constrain the approximate posterior by averaging over observations of a shared group. As a result, observations with a common set of variations are encoded to distinct latent representations, reducing their capacity to disentangle and generalize to downstream tasks. In contrast to previous works, we propose GroupVAE, a simple yet effective Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence-based regularization across shared latent representations to enforce consistent and disentangled representations. We conduct a thorough evaluation and demonstrate that our GroupVAE significantly improves group disentanglement. Further, we demonstrate that learning group-disentangled representations improve upon downstream tasks, including fair classification and 3D shape-related tasks such as reconstruction, classification, and transfer learning, and is competitive to supervised methods.      
### 121.Vertebrae segmentation, identification and localization using a graph optimization and a synergistic cycle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12177.pdf)
>  This paper considers the segmentation, identification and localization of vertebrae in CT images. Although these three tasks are related, they face specific problems that add up when they are addressed together. For example neighboring vertebrae with similar shapes perturb the identification and vertebrae with complex or even pathological morphologies impact the segmentation. Consequently, the three tasks tend to be approached independently, e.g. labelling (localization and identification) or segmenting only, or, when treated globally, a sequential strategy is used. Sequential methods however are prone to accumulate errors as they are not able to recover from mistakes of the previous module. In this work, we propose to combine all three tasks and leverage their interdependence: locations ease the segmentation, the segmentations in turn improve the locations and they all contribute and benefit from the identification task. To this purpose we propose a virtuous cycle to enforce coherence between the three tasks. Within such a cycle, the tasks interoperate and are iterated until a global consistency criterion is satisfied. Our experiments validate this strategy with anatomically coherent results that outperform the state of the art on the VerSe20 challenge benchmark. Our code and model are openly available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitlab.inria.fr/spine/vertebrae_segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 122.Dense Dual-Attention Network for Light Field Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12114.pdf)
>  Light field (LF) images can be used to improve the performance of image super-resolution (SR) because both angular and spatial information is available. It is challenging to incorporate distinctive information from different views for LF image SR. Moreover, the long-term information from the previous layers can be weakened as the depth of network increases. In this paper, we propose a dense dual-attention network for LF image SR. Specifically, we design a view attention module to adaptively capture discriminative features across different views and a channel attention module to selectively focus on informative information across all channels. These two modules are fed to two branches and stacked separately in a chain structure for adaptive fusion of hierarchical features and distillation of valid information. Meanwhile, a dense connection is used to fully exploit multi-level information. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our dense dual-attention mechanism can capture informative information across views and channels to improve SR performance. Comparative results show the advantage of our method over state-of-the-art methods on public datasets.      
### 123.ConformalLayers: A non-linear sequential neural network with associative layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12108.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been widely applied. But as the CNNs grow, the number of arithmetic operations and memory footprint also increase. Furthermore, typical non-linear activation functions do not allow associativity of the operations encoded by consecutive layers, preventing the simplification of intermediate steps by combining them. We present a new activation function that allows associativity between sequential layers of CNNs. Even though our activation function is non-linear, it can be represented by a sequence of linear operations in the conformal model for Euclidean geometry. In this domain, operations like, but not limited to, convolution, average pooling, and dropout remain linear. We take advantage of associativity to combine all the "conformal layers" and make the cost of inference constant regardless of the depth of the network.      
### 124.Development of Semantic Web-based Imaging Database for Biological Morphome  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12058.pdf)
>  We introduce the RIKEN Microstructural Imaging Metadatabase, a semantic web-based imaging database in which image metadata are described using the Resource Description Framework (RDF) and detailed biological properties observed in the images can be represented as Linked Open Data. The metadata are used to develop a large-scale imaging viewer that provides a straightforward graphical user interface to visualise a large microstructural tiling image at the gigabyte level. We applied the database to accumulate comprehensive microstructural imaging data produced by automated scanning electron microscopy. As a result, we have successfully managed vast numbers of images and their metadata, including the interpretation of morphological phenotypes occurring in sub-cellular components and biosamples captured in the images. We also discuss advanced utilisation of morphological imaging data that can be promoted by this database.      
### 125.A Prototype-Oriented Framework for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.12024.pdf)
>  Existing methods for unsupervised domain adaptation often rely on minimizing some statistical distance between the source and target samples in the latent space. To avoid the sampling variability, class imbalance, and data-privacy concerns that often plague these methods, we instead provide a memory and computation-efficient probabilistic framework to extract class prototypes and align the target features with them. We demonstrate the general applicability of our method on a wide range of scenarios, including single-source, multi-source, class-imbalance, and source-private domain adaptation. Requiring no additional model parameters and having a moderate increase in computation over the source model alone, the proposed method achieves competitive performance with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 126.Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation of Vessel Images using Leaking Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11998.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation based on deep learning methods can attain appealing accuracy provided large amounts of annotated samples. However, it remains a challenging task when only limited labelled data are available, which is especially common in medical imaging. In this paper, we propose to use Leaking GAN, a GAN-based semi-supervised architecture for retina vessel semantic segmentation. Our key idea is to pollute the discriminator by leaking information from the generator. This leads to more moderate generations that benefit the training of GAN. As a result, the unlabelled examples can be better utilized to boost the learning of the discriminator, which eventually leads to stronger classification performance. In addition, to overcome the variations in medical images, the mean-teacher mechanism is utilized as an auxiliary regularization of the discriminator. Further, we modify the focal loss to fit it as the consistency objective for mean-teacher regularizer. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the Leaking GAN framework achieves competitive performance compared to the state-of-the-art methods when evaluated on benchmark datasets including DRIVE, STARE and CHASE\_DB1, using as few as 8 labelled images in the semi-supervised setting. It also outperforms existing algorithms on cross-domain segmentation tasks.      
### 127.PhotoWCT$^2$: Compact Autoencoder for Photorealistic Style Transfer Resulting from Blockwise Training and Skip Connections of High-Frequency Residuals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11995.pdf)
>  Photorealistic style transfer is an image editing task with the goal to modify an image to match the style of another image while ensuring the result looks like a real photograph. A limitation of existing models is that they have many parameters, which in turn prevents their use for larger image resolutions and leads to slower run-times. We introduce two mechanisms that enable our design of a more compact model that we call PhotoWCT$^2$, which preserves state-of-art stylization strength and photorealism. First, we introduce blockwise training to perform coarse-to-fine feature transformations that enable state-of-art stylization strength in a single autoencoder in place of the inefficient cascade of four autoencoders used in PhotoWCT. Second, we introduce skip connections of high-frequency residuals in order to preserve image quality when applying the sequential coarse-to-fine feature transformations. Our PhotoWCT$^2$ model requires fewer parameters (e.g., 30.3\% fewer) while supporting higher resolution images (e.g., 4K) and achieving faster stylization than existing models.      
