# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 1 Oct 2021
### 1.Sensor-Guided Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15321.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a framework to guide an optical flow network with external cues to achieve superior accuracy either on known or unseen domains. Given the availability of sparse yet accurate optical flow hints from an external source, these are injected to modulate the correlation scores computed by a state-of-the-art optical flow network and guide it towards more accurate predictions. Although no real sensor can provide sparse flow hints, we show how these can be obtained by combining depth measurements from active sensors with geometry and hand-crafted optical flow algorithms, leading to accurate enough hints for our purpose. Experimental results with a state-of-the-art flow network on standard benchmarks support the effectiveness of our framework, both in simulated and real conditions.      
### 2.Unsupervised Few-Shot Action Recognition via Action-Appearance Aligned Meta-Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15317.pdf)
>  We present MetaUVFS as the first Unsupervised Meta-learning algorithm for Video Few-Shot action recognition. MetaUVFS leverages over 550K unlabeled videos to train a two-stream 2D and 3D CNN architecture via contrastive learning to capture the appearance-specific spatial and action-specific spatio-temporal video features respectively. MetaUVFS comprises a novel Action-Appearance Aligned Meta-adaptation (A3M) module that learns to focus on the action-oriented video features in relation to the appearance features via explicit few-shot episodic meta-learning over unsupervised hard-mined episodes. Our action-appearance alignment and explicit few-shot learner conditions the unsupervised training to mimic the downstream few-shot task, enabling MetaUVFS to significantly outperform all unsupervised methods on few-shot benchmarks. Moreover, unlike previous few-shot action recognition methods that are supervised, MetaUVFS needs neither base-class labels nor a supervised pretrained backbone. Thus, we need to train MetaUVFS just once to perform competitively or sometimes even outperform state-of-the-art supervised methods on popular HMDB51, UCF101, and Kinetics100 few-shot datasets.      
### 3.Identity-Disentangled Neural Deformation Model for Dynamic Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15299.pdf)
>  Neural shape models can represent complex 3D shapes with a compact latent space. When applied to dynamically deforming shapes such as the human hands, however, they would need to preserve temporal coherence of the deformation as well as the intrinsic identity of the subject. These properties are difficult to regularize with manually designed loss functions. In this paper, we learn a neural deformation model that disentangles the identity-induced shape variations from pose-dependent deformations using implicit neural functions. We perform template-free unsupervised learning on 3D scans without explicit mesh correspondence or semantic correspondences of shapes across subjects. We can then apply the learned model to reconstruct partial dynamic 4D scans of novel subjects performing unseen actions. We propose two methods to integrate global pose alignment with our neural deformation model. Experiments demonstrate the efficacy of our method in the disentanglement of identities and pose. Our method also outperforms traditional skeleton-driven models in reconstructing surface details such as palm prints or tendons without limitations from a fixed template.      
### 4.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for LiDAR Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15286.pdf)
>  Scene understanding is a pivotal task for autonomous vehicles to safely navigate in the environment. Recent advances in deep learning enable accurate semantic reconstruction of the surroundings from LiDAR data. However, these models encounter a large domain gap while deploying them on vehicles equipped with different LiDAR setups which drastically decreases their performance. Fine-tuning the model for every new setup is infeasible due to the expensive and cumbersome process of recording and manually labeling new data. Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) techniques are thus essential to fill this domain gap and retain the performance of models on new sensor setups without the need for additional data labeling. In this paper, we propose AdaptLPS, a novel UDA approach for LiDAR panoptic segmentation that leverages task-specific knowledge and accounts for variation in the number of scan lines, mounting position, intensity distribution, and environmental conditions. We tackle the UDA task by employing two complementary domain adaptation strategies, data-based and model-based. While data-based adaptations reduce the domain gap by processing the raw LiDAR scans to resemble the scans in the target domain, model-based techniques guide the network in extracting features that are representative for both domains. Extensive evaluations on three pairs of real-world autonomous driving datasets demonstrate that AdaptLPS outperforms existing UDA approaches by up to 6.41 pp in terms of the PQ score.      
### 5.TöRF: Time-of-Flight Radiance Fields for Dynamic Scene View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15271.pdf)
>  Neural networks can represent and accurately reconstruct radiance fields for static 3D scenes (e.g., NeRF). Several works extend these to dynamic scenes captured with monocular video, with promising performance. However, the monocular setting is known to be an under-constrained problem, and so methods rely on data-driven priors for reconstructing dynamic content. We replace these priors with measurements from a time-of-flight (ToF) camera, and introduce a neural representation based on an image formation model for continuous-wave ToF cameras. Instead of working with processed depth maps, we model the raw ToF sensor measurements to improve reconstruction quality and avoid issues with low reflectance regions, multi-path interference, and a sensor's limited unambiguous depth range. We show that this approach improves robustness of dynamic scene reconstruction to erroneous calibration and large motions, and discuss the benefits and limitations of integrating RGB+ToF sensors that are now available on modern smartphones.      
### 6.Transferability Estimation for Semantic Segmentation Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15242.pdf)
>  Transferability estimation is a fundamental problem in transfer learning to predict how good the performance is when transferring a source model (or source task) to a target task. With the guidance of transferability score, we can efficiently select the highly transferable source models without performing the real transfer in practice. Recent analytical transferability metrics are mainly designed for image classification, and currently there is no specific investigation for the transferability estimation of semantic segmentation task, which is an essential problem in autonomous driving, medical image analysis, etc. Consequently, we further extend the recent analytical transferability metric OTCE (Optimal Transport based Conditional Entropy) score to the semantic segmentation task. The challenge in applying the OTCE score is the high dimensional segmentation output, which is difficult to find the optimal coupling between so many pixels under an acceptable computation cost. Thus we propose to randomly sample N pixels for computing OTCE score and take the expectation over K repetitions as the final transferability score. Experimental evaluation on Cityscapes, BDD100K and GTA5 datasets demonstrates that the OTCE score highly correlates with the transfer performance.      
### 7.Real-Time Tactile Grasp Force Sensing Using Fingernail Imaging via Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15231.pdf)
>  This paper has introduced a novel approach for the real-time estimation of 3D tactile forces exerted by human fingertips via vision only. The introduced approach is entirely monocular vision-based and does not require any physical force sensor. Therefore, it is scalable, non-intrusive, and easily fused with other perception systems such as body pose estimation, making it ideal for HRI applications where force sensing is necessary. The introduced approach consists of three main modules: finger tracking for detection and tracking of each individual finger, image alignment for preserving the spatial information in the images, and the force model for estimating the 3D forces from coloration patterns in the images. The model has been implemented experimentally, and the results have shown a maximum RMS error of 8.4% (for the entire range of force levels) along all three directions. The estimation accuracy is comparable to the offline models in the literature, such as EigneNail, while, this model is capable of performing force estimation at 30 frames per second.      
### 8.Self-Supervised Out-of-Distribution Detection and Localization with Natural Synthetic Anomalies (NSA)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15222.pdf)
>  We introduce a new self-supervised task, NSA, for training an end-to-end model for anomaly detection and localization using only normal data. NSA uses Poisson image editing to seamlessly blend scaled patches of various sizes from separate images. This creates a wide range of synthetic anomalies which are more similar to natural sub-image irregularities than previous data-augmentation strategies for self-supervised anomaly detection. We evaluate the proposed method using natural and medical images. Our experiments with the MVTec AD dataset show that a model trained to localize NSA anomalies generalizes well to detecting real-world a priori unknown types of manufacturing defects. Our method achieves an overall detection AUROC of 97.2 outperforming all previous methods that learn from scratch without pre-training datasets.      
### 9.Language-Aligned Waypoint (LAW) Supervision for Vision-and-Language Navigation in Continuous Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15207.pdf)
>  In the Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN) task an embodied agent navigates a 3D environment, following natural language instructions. A challenge in this task is how to handle 'off the path' scenarios where an agent veers from a reference path. Prior work supervises the agent with actions based on the shortest path from the agent's location to the goal, but such goal-oriented supervision is often not in alignment with the instruction. Furthermore, the evaluation metrics employed by prior work do not measure how much of a language instruction the agent is able to follow. In this work, we propose a simple and effective language-aligned supervision scheme, and a new metric that measures the number of sub-instructions the agent has completed during navigation.      
### 10.You Cannot Easily Catch Me: A Low-Detectable Adversarial Patch for Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15177.pdf)
>  Blind spots or outright deceit can bedevil and deceive machine learning models. Unidentified objects such as digital "stickers," also known as adversarial patches, can fool facial recognition systems, surveillance systems and self-driving cars. Fortunately, most existing adversarial patches can be outwitted, disabled and rejected by a simple classification network called an adversarial patch detector, which distinguishes adversarial patches from original images. An object detector classifies and predicts the types of objects within an image, such as by distinguishing a motorcyclist from the motorcycle, while also localizing each object's placement within the image by "drawing" so-called bounding boxes around each object, once again separating the motorcyclist from the motorcycle. To train detectors even better, however, we need to keep subjecting them to confusing or deceitful adversarial patches as we probe for the models' blind spots. For such probes, we came up with a novel approach, a Low-Detectable Adversarial Patch, which attacks an object detector with small and texture-consistent adversarial patches, making these adversaries less likely to be recognized. Concretely, we use several geometric primitives to model the shapes and positions of the patches. To enhance our attack performance, we also assign different weights to the bounding boxes in terms of loss function. Our experiments on the common detection dataset COCO as well as the driving-video dataset D2-City show that LDAP is an effective attack method, and can resist the adversarial patch detector.      
### 11.CoSeg: Cognitively Inspired Unsupervised Generic Event Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15170.pdf)
>  Some cognitive research has discovered that humans accomplish event segmentation as a side effect of event anticipation. Inspired by this discovery, we propose a simple yet effective end-to-end self-supervised learning framework for event segmentation/boundary detection. Unlike the mainstream clustering-based methods, our framework exploits a transformer-based feature reconstruction scheme to detect event boundary by reconstruction errors. This is consistent with the fact that humans spot new events by leveraging the deviation between their prediction and what is actually perceived. Thanks to their heterogeneity in semantics, the frames at boundaries are difficult to be reconstructed (generally with large reconstruction errors), which is favorable for event boundary detection. Additionally, since the reconstruction occurs on the semantic feature level instead of pixel level, we develop a temporal contrastive feature embedding module to learn the semantic visual representation for frame feature reconstruction. This procedure is like humans building up experiences with "long-term memory". The goal of our work is to segment generic events rather than localize some specific ones. We focus on achieving accurate event boundaries. As a result, we adopt F1 score (Precision/Recall) as our primary evaluation metric for a fair comparison with previous approaches. Meanwhile, we also calculate the conventional frame-based MoF and IoU metric. We thoroughly benchmark our work on four publicly available datasets and demonstrate much better results.      
### 12.A Technical Report for ICCV 2021 VIPriors Re-identification Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15164.pdf)
>  Person re-identification has always been a hot and challenging task. This paper introduces our solution for the re-identification track in VIPriors Challenge 2021. In this challenge, the difficulty is how to train the model from scratch without any pretrained weight. In our method, we show use state-of-the-art data processing strategies, model designs, and post-processing ensemble methods, it is possible to overcome the difficulty of data shortage and obtain competitive results. (1) Both image augmentation strategy and novel pre-processing method for occluded images can help the model learn more discriminative features. (2) Several strong backbones and multiple loss functions are used to learn more representative features. (3) Post-processing techniques including re-ranking, automatic query expansion, ensemble learning, etc., significantly improve the final performance. The final score of our team (ALONG) is 96.5154% mAP, ranking first in the leaderboard.      
### 13.HSVA: Hierarchical Semantic-Visual Adaptation for Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15163.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) tackles the unseen class recognition problem, transferring semantic knowledge from seen classes to unseen ones. Typically, to guarantee desirable knowledge transfer, a common (latent) space is adopted for associating the visual and semantic domains in ZSL. However, existing common space learning methods align the semantic and visual domains by merely mitigating distribution disagreement through one-step adaptation. This strategy is usually ineffective due to the heterogeneous nature of the feature representations in the two domains, which intrinsically contain both distribution and structure variations. To address this and advance ZSL, we propose a novel hierarchical semantic-visual adaptation (HSVA) framework. Specifically, HSVA aligns the semantic and visual domains by adopting a hierarchical two-step adaptation, i.e., structure adaptation and distribution adaptation. In the structure adaptation step, we take two task-specific encoders to encode the source data (visual domain) and the target data (semantic domain) into a structure-aligned common space. To this end, a supervised adversarial discrepancy (SAD) module is proposed to adversarially minimize the discrepancy between the predictions of two task-specific classifiers, thus making the visual and semantic feature manifolds more closely aligned. In the distribution adaptation step, we directly minimize the Wasserstein distance between the latent multivariate Gaussian distributions to align the visual and semantic distributions using a common encoder. Finally, the structure and distribution adaptation are derived in a unified framework under two partially-aligned variational autoencoders. Extensive experiments on four benchmark datasets demonstrate that HSVA achieves superior performance on both conventional and generalized ZSL. The code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shiming-chen/HSVA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} .      
### 14.Motion-aware Self-supervised Video Representation Learning via Foreground-background Merging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15130.pdf)
>  In light of the success of contrastive learning in the image domain, current self-supervised video representation learning methods usually employ contrastive loss to facilitate video representation learning. When naively pulling two augmented views of a video closer, the model however tends to learn the common static background as a shortcut but fails to capture the motion information, a phenomenon dubbed as background bias. This bias makes the model suffer from weak generalization ability, leading to worse performance on downstream tasks such as action recognition. To alleviate such bias, we propose Foreground-background Merging (FAME) to deliberately compose the foreground region of the selected video onto the background of others. Specifically, without any off-the-shelf detector, we extract the foreground and background regions via the frame difference and color statistics, and shuffle the background regions among the videos. By leveraging the semantic consistency between the original clips and the fused ones, the model focuses more on the foreground motion pattern and is thus more robust to the background context. Extensive experiments demonstrate that FAME can significantly boost the performance in different downstream tasks with various backbones. When integrated with MoCo, FAME reaches 84.8% and 53.5% accuracy on UCF101 and HMDB51, respectively, achieving the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 15.Fake It Till You Make It: Face analysis in the wild using synthetic data alone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15102.pdf)
>  We demonstrate that it is possible to perform face-related computer vision in the wild using synthetic data alone. The community has long enjoyed the benefits of synthesizing training data with graphics, but the domain gap between real and synthetic data has remained a problem, especially for human faces. Researchers have tried to bridge this gap with data mixing, domain adaptation, and domain-adversarial training, but we show that it is possible to synthesize data with minimal domain gap, so that models trained on synthetic data generalize to real in-the-wild datasets. We describe how to combine a procedurally-generated parametric 3D face model with a comprehensive library of hand-crafted assets to render training images with unprecedented realism and diversity. We train machine learning systems for face-related tasks such as landmark localization and face parsing, showing that synthetic data can both match real data in accuracy as well as open up new approaches where manual labelling would be impossible.      
### 16.PP-LCNet: A Lightweight CPU Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15099.pdf)
>  We propose a lightweight CPU network based on the MKLDNN acceleration strategy, named PP-LCNet, which improves the performance of lightweight models on multiple tasks. This paper lists technologies which can improve network accuracy while the latency is almost constant. With these improvements, the accuracy of PP-LCNet can greatly surpass the previous network structure with the same inference time for classification. As shown in Figure 1, it outperforms the most state-of-the-art models. And for downstream tasks of computer vision, it also performs very well, such as object detection, semantic segmentation, etc. All our experiments are implemented based on PaddlePaddle. Code and pretrained models are available at PaddleClas.      
### 17.iShape: A First Step Towards Irregular Shape Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15068.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a brand new dataset to promote the study of instance segmentation for objects with irregular shapes. Our key observation is that though irregularly shaped objects widely exist in daily life and industrial scenarios, they received little attention in the instance segmentation field due to the lack of corresponding datasets. To fill this gap, we propose iShape, an irregular shape dataset for instance segmentation. iShape contains six sub-datasets with one real and five synthetics, each represents a scene of a typical irregular shape. Unlike most existing instance segmentation datasets of regular objects, iShape has many characteristics that challenge existing instance segmentation algorithms, such as large overlaps between bounding boxes of instances, extreme aspect ratios, and large numbers of connected components per instance. We benchmark popular instance segmentation methods on iShape and find their performance drop dramatically. Hence, we propose an affinity-based instance segmentation algorithm, called ASIS, as a stronger baseline. ASIS explicitly combines perception and reasoning to solve Arbitrary Shape Instance Segmentation including irregular objects. Experimental results show that ASIS outperforms the state-of-the-art on iShape. Dataset and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ishape.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 18.Riedones3D: a celtic coin dataset for registration and fine-grained clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15033.pdf)
>  Clustering coins with respect to their die is an important component of numismatic research and crucial for understanding the economic history of tribes (especially when literary production does not exist, in celtic culture). It is a very hard task that requires a lot of times and expertise. To cluster thousands of coins, automatic methods are becoming necessary. Nevertheless, public datasets for coin die clustering evaluation are too rare, though they are very important for the development of new methods. Therefore, we propose a new 3D dataset of 2 070 scans of coins. With this dataset, we propose two benchmarks, one for point cloud registration, essential for coin die recognition, and a benchmark of coin die clustering. We show how we automatically cluster coins to help experts, and perform a preliminary evaluation for these two tasks. The code of the baseline and the dataset will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.npm3d.fr/coins-riedones3d" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.chronocarto.eu/spip.php?article84&amp;lang=fr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 19.3D Pose Transfer with Correspondence Learning and Mesh Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15025.pdf)
>  3D pose transfer is one of the most challenging 3D generation tasks. It aims to transfer the pose of a source mesh to a target mesh and keep the identity (e.g., body shape) of the target mesh. Some previous works require key point annotations to build reliable correspondence between the source and target meshes, while other methods do not consider any shape correspondence between sources and targets, which leads to limited generation quality. In this work, we propose a correspondence-refinement network to help the 3D pose transfer for both human and animal meshes. The correspondence between source and target meshes is first established by solving an optimal transport problem. Then, we warp the source mesh according to the dense correspondence and obtain a coarse warped mesh. The warped mesh will be better refined with our proposed \textit{Elastic Instance Normalization}, which is a conditional normalization layer and can help to generate high-quality meshes. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed architecture can effectively transfer the poses from source to target meshes and produce better results with satisfied visual performance than state-of-the-art methods.      
### 20.Adversarial Semantic Contour for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15009.pdf)
>  Modern object detectors are vulnerable to adversarial examples, which brings potential risks to numerous applications, e.g., self-driving car. Among attacks regularized by $\ell_p$ norm, $\ell_0$-attack aims to modify as few pixels as possible. Nevertheless, the problem is nontrivial since it generally requires to optimize the shape along with the texture simultaneously, which is an NP-hard problem. To address this issue, we propose a novel method of Adversarial Semantic Contour (ASC) guided by object contour as prior. With this prior, we reduce the searching space to accelerate the $\ell_0$ optimization, and also introduce more semantic information which should affect the detectors more. Based on the contour, we optimize the selection of modified pixels via sampling and their colors with gradient descent alternately. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed ASC outperforms the most commonly manually designed patterns (e.g., square patches and grids) on task of disappearing. By modifying no more than 5\% and 3.5\% of the object area respectively, our proposed ASC can successfully mislead the mainstream object detectors including the SSD512, Yolov4, Mask RCNN, Faster RCNN, etc.      
### 21.Revisiting Point Cloud Simplification: A Learnable Feature Preserving Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14982.pdf)
>  The recent advances in 3D sensing technology have made possible the capture of point clouds in significantly high resolution. However, increased detail usually comes at the expense of high storage, as well as computational costs in terms of processing and visualization operations. Mesh and Point Cloud simplification methods aim to reduce the complexity of 3D models while retaining visual quality and relevant salient features. Traditional simplification techniques usually rely on solving a time-consuming optimization problem, hence they are impractical for large-scale datasets. In an attempt to alleviate this computational burden, we propose a fast point cloud simplification method by learning to sample salient points. The proposed method relies on a graph neural network architecture trained to select an arbitrary, user-defined, number of points from the input space and to re-arrange their positions so as to minimize the visual perception error. The approach is extensively evaluated on various datasets using several perceptual metrics. Importantly, our method is able to generalize to out-of-distribution shapes, hence demonstrating zero-shot capabilities.      
### 22.Moving Object Detection for Event-based vision using Graph Spectral Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14979.pdf)
>  Moving object detection has been a central topic of discussion in computer vision for its wide range of applications like in self-driving cars, video surveillance, security, and enforcement. Neuromorphic Vision Sensors (NVS) are bio-inspired sensors that mimic the working of the human eye. Unlike conventional frame-based cameras, these sensors capture a stream of asynchronous 'events' that pose multiple advantages over the former, like high dynamic range, low latency, low power consumption, and reduced motion blur. However, these advantages come at a high cost, as the event camera data typically contains more noise and has low resolution. Moreover, as event-based cameras can only capture the relative changes in brightness of a scene, event data do not contain usual visual information (like texture and color) as available in video data from normal cameras. So, moving object detection in event-based cameras becomes an extremely challenging task. In this paper, we present an unsupervised Graph Spectral Clustering technique for Moving Object Detection in Event-based data (GSCEventMOD). We additionally show how the optimum number of moving objects can be automatically determined. Experimental comparisons on publicly available datasets show that the proposed GSCEventMOD algorithm outperforms a number of state-of-the-art techniques by a maximum margin of 30%.      
### 23.Augmented reality navigation system for visual prosthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14957.pdf)
>  The visual functions of visual prostheses such as field of view, resolution and dynamic range, seriously restrict the person's ability to navigate in unknown environments. Implanted patients still require constant assistance for navigating from one location to another. Hence, there is a need for a system that is able to assist them safely during their journey. In this work, we propose an augmented reality navigation system for visual prosthesis that incorporates a software of reactive navigation and path planning which guides the subject through convenient, obstacle-free route. It consists on four steps: locating the subject on a map, planning the subject trajectory, showing it to the subject and re-planning without obstacles. We have also designed a simulated prosthetic vision environment which allows us to systematically study navigation performance. Twelve subjects participated in the experiment. Subjects were guided by the augmented reality navigation system and their instruction was to navigate through different environments until they reached two goals, cross the door and find an object (bin), as fast and accurately as possible. Results show how our augmented navigation system help navigation performance by reducing the time and distance to reach the goals, even significantly reducing the number of obstacles collisions, compared to other baseline methods.      
### 24.Forming a sparse representation for visual place recognition using a neurorobotic approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14916.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel unsupervised neural network model for visual information encoding which aims to address the problem of large-scale visual localization. Inspired by the structure of the visual cortex, the model (namely HSD) alternates layers of topologic sparse coding and pooling to build a more compact code of visual information. Intended for visual place recognition (VPR) systems that use local descriptors, the impact of its integration in a bio-inpired model for self-localization (LPMP) is evaluated. Our experimental results on the KITTI dataset show that HSD improves the runtime speed of LPMP by a factor of at least 2 and its localization accuracy by 10%. A comparison with CoHog, a state-of-the-art VPR approach, showed that our method achieves slightly better results.      
### 25.CrossCLR: Cross-modal Contrastive Learning For Multi-modal Video Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14910.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning allows us to flexibly define powerful losses by contrasting positive pairs from sets of negative samples. Recently, the principle has also been used to learn cross-modal embeddings for video and text, yet without exploiting its full potential. In particular, previous losses do not take the intra-modality similarities into account, which leads to inefficient embeddings, as the same content is mapped to multiple points in the embedding space. With CrossCLR, we present a contrastive loss that fixes this issue. Moreover, we define sets of highly related samples in terms of their input embeddings and exclude them from the negative samples to avoid issues with false negatives. We show that these principles consistently improve the quality of the learned embeddings. The joint embeddings learned with CrossCLR extend the state of the art in video-text retrieval on Youcook2 and LSMDC datasets and in video captioning on Youcook2 dataset by a large margin. We also demonstrate the generality of the concept by learning improved joint embeddings for other pairs of modalities.      
### 26.Robust Segmentation Models using an Uncertainty Slice Sampling Based Annotation Workflow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14879.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation neural networks require pixel-level annotations in large quantities to achieve a good performance. In the medical domain, such annotations are expensive, because they are time-consuming and require expert knowledge. Active learning optimizes the annotation effort by devising strategies to select cases for labeling that are most informative to the model. In this work, we propose an uncertainty slice sampling (USS) strategy for semantic segmentation of 3D medical volumes that selects 2D image slices for annotation and compare it with various other strategies. We demonstrate the efficiency of USS on a CT liver segmentation task using multi-site data. After five iterations, the training data resulting from USS consisted of 2410 slices (4% of all slices in the data pool) compared to 8121 (13%), 8641 (14%), and 3730 (6%) for uncertainty volume (UVS), random volume (RVS), and random slice (RSS) sampling, respectively. Despite being trained on the smallest amount of data, the model based on the USS strategy evaluated on 234 test volumes significantly outperformed models trained according to other strategies and achieved a mean Dice index of 0.964, a relative volume error of 4.2%, a mean surface distance of 1.35 mm, and a Hausdorff distance of 23.4 mm. This was only slightly inferior to 0.967, 3.8%, 1.18 mm, and 22.9 mm achieved by a model trained on all available data, but the robustness analysis using the 5th percentile of Dice and the 95th percentile of the remaining metrics demonstrated that USS resulted not only in the most robust model compared to other sampling schemes, but also outperformed the model trained on all data according to Dice (0.946 vs. 0.945) and mean surface distance (1.92 mm vs. 2.03 mm).      
### 27.HLIC: Harmonizing Optimization Metrics in Learned Image Compression by Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14863.pdf)
>  Learned image compression is making good progress in recent years. Peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) and multi-scale structural similarity (MS-SSIM) are the two most popular evaluation metrics. As different metrics only reflect certain aspects of human perception, works in this field normally optimize two models using PSNR and MS-SSIM as loss function separately, which is suboptimal and makes it difficult to select the model with best visual quality or overall performance. Towards solving this problem, we propose to Harmonize optimization metrics in Learned Image Compression (HLIC) using online loss function adaptation by reinforcement learning. By doing so, we are able to leverage the advantages of both PSNR and MS-SSIM, achieving better visual quality and higher VMAF score. To our knowledge, our work is the first to explore automatic loss function adaptation for harmonizing optimization metrics in low level vision tasks like learned image compression.      
### 28.AffectGAN: Affect-Based Generative Art Driven by Semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14845.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel method for generating artistic images that express particular affective states. Leveraging state-of-the-art deep learning methods for visual generation (through generative adversarial networks), semantic models from OpenAI, and the annotated dataset of the visual art encyclopedia WikiArt, our AffectGAN model is able to generate images based on specific or broad semantic prompts and intended affective outcomes. A small dataset of 32 images generated by AffectGAN is annotated by 50 participants in terms of the particular emotion they elicit, as well as their quality and novelty. Results show that for most instances the intended emotion used as a prompt for image generation matches the participants' responses. This small-scale study brings forth a new vision towards blending affective computing with computational creativity, enabling generative systems with intentionality in terms of the emotions they wish their output to elicit.      
### 29.IntentVizor: Towards Generic Query Guided Interactive Video Summarization Using Slow-Fast Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14834.pdf)
>  The target of automatic Video summarization is to create a short skim of the original long video while preserving the major content/events. There is a growing interest in the integration of user's queries into video summarization, or query-driven video summarization. This video summarization method predicts a concise synopsis of the original video based on the user query, which is commonly represented by the input text. However, two inherent problems exist in this query-driven way. First, the query text might not be enough to describe the exact and diverse needs of the user. Second, the user cannot edit once the summaries are produced, limiting this summarization technique's practical value. We assume the needs of the user should be subtle and need to be adjusted interactively. To solve these two problems, we propose a novel IntentVizor framework, which is an interactive video summarization framework guided by genric multi-modality queries. The input query that describes the user's needs is not limited to text but also the video snippets. We further conclude these multi-modality finer-grained queries as user `intent', which is a newly proposed concept in this paper. This intent is interpretable, interactable, and better quantifies/describes the user's needs. To be more specific, We use a set of intents to represent the inputs of users to design our new interactive visual analytic interface. Users can interactively control and adjust these mixed-initiative intents to obtain a more satisfying summary of this newly proposed interface. Also, as algorithms help users achieve their summarization goal via video understanding, we propose two novel intent/scoring networks based on the slow-fast feature for our algorithm part. We conduct our experiments on two benchmark datasets. The comparison with the state-of-the-art methods verifies the effectiveness of the proposed framework.      
### 30.Semantic Dense Reconstruction with Consistent Scene Segments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14821.pdf)
>  In this paper, a method for dense semantic 3D scene reconstruction from an RGB-D sequence is proposed to solve high-level scene understanding tasks. First, each RGB-D pair is consistently segmented into 2D semantic maps based on a camera tracking backbone that propagates objects' labels with high probabilities from full scans to corresponding ones of partial views. Then a dense 3D mesh model of an unknown environment is incrementally generated from the input RGB-D sequence. Benefiting from 2D consistent semantic segments and the 3D model, a novel semantic projection block (SP-Block) is proposed to extract deep feature volumes from 2D segments of different views. Moreover, the semantic volumes are fused into deep volumes from a point cloud encoder to make the final semantic segmentation. Extensive experimental evaluations on public datasets show that our system achieves accurate 3D dense reconstruction and state-of-the-art semantic prediction performances simultaneously.      
### 31.GT U-Net: A U-Net Like Group Transformer Network for Tooth Root Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14813.pdf)
>  To achieve an accurate assessment of root canal therapy, a fundamental step is to perform tooth root segmentation on oral X-ray images, in that the position of tooth root boundary is significant anatomy information in root canal therapy evaluation. However, the fuzzy boundary makes the tooth root segmentation very challenging. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end U-Net like Group Transformer Network (GT U-Net) for the tooth root segmentation. The proposed network retains the essential structure of U-Net but each of the encoders and decoders is replaced by a group Transformer, which significantly reduces the computational cost of traditional Transformer architectures by using the grouping structure and the bottleneck structure. In addition, the proposed GT U-Net is composed of a hybrid structure of convolution and Transformer, which makes it independent of pre-training weights. For optimization, we also propose a shape-sensitive Fourier Descriptor (FD) loss function to make use of shape prior knowledge. Experimental results show that our proposed network achieves the state-of-the-art performance on our collected tooth root segmentation dataset and the public retina dataset DRIVE. Code has been released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Kent0n-Li/GT-U-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Improvising the Learning of Neural Networks on Hyperspherical Manifold  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14746.pdf)
>  The impact of convolution neural networks (CNNs) in the supervised settings provided tremendous increment in performance. The representations learned from CNN's operated on hyperspherical manifold led to insightful outcomes in face recognition, face identification and other supervised tasks. A broad range of activation functions is developed with hypersphere intuition which performs superior to softmax in euclidean space. The main motive of this research is to provide insights. First, the stereographic projection is implied to transform data from Euclidean space ($\mathbb{R}^{n}$) to hyperspherical manifold ($\mathbb{S}^{n}$) to analyze the performance of angular margin losses. Secondly, proving both theoretically and practically that decision boundaries constructed on hypersphere using stereographic projection obliges the learning of neural networks. Experiments have proved that applying stereographic projection on existing state-of-the-art angular margin objective functions led to improve performance for standard image classification data sets (CIFAR-10,100). The code is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/barulalithb/stereo-angular-margin" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.The Object at Hand: Automated Editing for Mixed Reality Video Guidance from Hand-Object Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14744.pdf)
>  In this paper, we concern with the problem of how to automatically extract the steps that compose real-life hand activities. This is a key competence towards processing, monitoring and providing video guidance in Mixed Reality systems. We use egocentric vision to observe hand-object interactions in real-world tasks and automatically decompose a video into its constituent steps. Our approach combines hand-object interaction (HOI) detection, object similarity measurement and a finite state machine (FSM) representation to automatically edit videos into steps. We use a combination of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and the FSM to discover, edit cuts and merge segments while observing real hand activities. We evaluate quantitatively and qualitatively our algorithm on two datasets: the GTEA\cite{li2015delving}, and a new dataset we introduce for Chinese Tea making. Results show our method is able to segment hand-object interaction videos into key step segments with high levels of precision.      
### 34.Egocentric Hand-object Interaction Detection and Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14734.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a method to detect the hand-object interaction from an egocentric perspective. In contrast to massive data-driven discriminator based method like \cite{Shan20}, we propose a novel workflow that utilises the cues of hand and object. Specifically, we train networks predicting hand pose, hand mask and in-hand object mask to jointly predict the hand-object interaction status. We compare our method with the most recent work from Shan et al. \cite{Shan20} on selected images from EPIC-KITCHENS \cite{damen2018scaling} dataset and achieve $89\%$ accuracy on HOI (hand-object interaction) detection which is comparative to Shan's ($92\%$). However, for real-time performance, with the same machine, our method can run over $\textbf{30}$ FPS which is much efficient than Shan's ($\textbf{1}\sim\textbf{2}$ FPS). Furthermore, with our approach, we are able to segment script-less activities from where we extract the frames with the HOI status detection. We achieve $\textbf{68.2\%}$ and $\textbf{82.8\%}$ F1 score on GTEA \cite{fathi2011learning} and the UTGrasp \cite{cai2015scalable} dataset respectively which are all comparative to the SOTA methods.      
### 35.Targeted Gradient Descent: A Novel Method for Convolutional Neural Networks Fine-tuning and Online-learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14729.pdf)
>  A convolutional neural network (ConvNet) is usually trained and then tested using images drawn from the same distribution. To generalize a ConvNet to various tasks often requires a complete training dataset that consists of images drawn from different tasks. In most scenarios, it is nearly impossible to collect every possible representative dataset as a priori. The new data may only become available after the ConvNet is deployed in clinical practice. ConvNet, however, may generate artifacts on out-of-distribution testing samples. In this study, we present Targeted Gradient Descent (TGD), a novel fine-tuning method that can extend a pre-trained network to a new task without revisiting data from the previous task while preserving the knowledge acquired from previous training. To a further extent, the proposed method also enables online learning of patient-specific data. The method is built on the idea of reusing a pre-trained ConvNet's redundant kernels to learn new knowledge. We compare the performance of TGD to several commonly used training approaches on the task of Positron emission tomography (PET) image denoising. Results from clinical images show that TGD generated results on par with training-from-scratch while significantly reducing data preparation and network training time. More importantly, it enables online learning on the testing study to enhance the network's generalization capability in real-world applications.      
### 36.USIS: Unsupervised Semantic Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14715.pdf)
>  Semantic Image Synthesis (SIS) is a subclass of image-to-image translation where a photorealistic image is synthesized from a segmentation mask. SIS has mostly been addressed as a supervised problem. However, state-of-the-art methods depend on a huge amount of labeled data and cannot be applied in an unpaired setting. On the other hand, generic unpaired image-to-image translation frameworks underperform in comparison, because they color-code semantic layouts and feed them to traditional convolutional networks, which then learn correspondences in appearance instead of semantic content. In this initial work, we propose a new Unsupervised paradigm for Semantic Image Synthesis (USIS) as a first step towards closing the performance gap between paired and unpaired settings. Notably, the framework deploys a SPADE generator that learns to output images with visually separable semantic classes using a self-supervised segmentation loss. Furthermore, in order to match the color and texture distribution of real images without losing high-frequency information, we propose to use whole image wavelet-based discrimination. We test our methodology on 3 challenging datasets and demonstrate its ability to generate multimodal photorealistic images with an improved quality in the unpaired setting.      
### 37.Convolutional Neural Network Compression through Generalized Kronecker Product Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14710.pdf)
>  Modern Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures, despite their superiority in solving various problems, are generally too large to be deployed on resource constrained edge devices. In this paper, we reduce memory usage and floating-point operations required by convolutional layers in CNNs. We compress these layers by generalizing the Kronecker Product Decomposition to apply to multidimensional tensors, leading to the Generalized Kronecker Product Decomposition(GKPD). Our approach yields a plug-and-play module that can be used as a drop-in replacement for any convolutional layer. Experimental results for image classification on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets using ResNet, MobileNetv2 and SeNet architectures substantiate the effectiveness of our proposed approach. We find that GKPD outperforms state-of-the-art decomposition methods including Tensor-Train and Tensor-Ring as well as other relevant compression methods such as pruning and knowledge distillation.      
### 38.LR-to-HR Face Hallucination with an Adversarial Progressive Attribute-Induced Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14690.pdf)
>  Face super-resolution is a challenging and highly ill-posed problem since a low-resolution (LR) face image may correspond to multiple high-resolution (HR) ones during the hallucination process and cause a dramatic identity change for the final super-resolved results. Thus, to address this problem, we propose an end-to-end progressive learning framework incorporating facial attributes and enforcing additional supervision from multi-scale discriminators. By incorporating facial attributes into the learning process and progressively resolving the facial image, the mapping between LR and HR images is constrained more, and this significantly helps to reduce the ambiguity and uncertainty in one-to-many mapping. In addition, we conduct thorough evaluations on the CelebA dataset following the settings of previous works (i.e. super-resolving by a factor of 8x from tiny 16x16 face images.), and the results demonstrate that the proposed approach can yield satisfactory face hallucination images outperforming other state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 39.Segmentation of Roads in Satellite Images using specially modified U-Net CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14671.pdf)
>  The image classification problem has been deeply investigated by the research community, with computer vision algorithms and with the help of Neural Networks. The aim of this paper is to build an image classifier for satellite images of urban scenes that identifies the portions of the images in which a road is located, separating these portions from the rest. Unlike conventional computer vision algorithms, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) provide accurate and reliable results on this task. Our novel approach uses a sliding window to extract patches out of the whole image, data augmentation for generating more training/testing data and lastly a series of specially modified U-Net CNNs. This proposed technique outperforms all other baselines tested in terms of mean F-score metric.      
### 40.Understanding Egocentric Hand-Object Interactions from Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14657.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of estimating the hand pose from the egocentric view when the hand is interacting with objects. Specifically, we propose a method to label a dataset Ego-Siam which contains the egocentric images pair-wisely. We also use the collected pairwise data to train our encoder-decoder style network which has been proven efficient in. This could bring extra training efficiency and testing accuracy. Our network is lightweight and can be performed with over 30 FPS with an outdated GPU. We demonstrate that our method outperforms Mueller et al. which is the state of the art work dealing with egocentric hand-object interaction problems on the GANerated dataset. To show the ability to preserve the semantic information of our method, we also report the performance of grasp type classification on GUN-71 dataset and outperforms the benchmark by only using the predicted 3-d hand pose.      
### 41.Uncertainty-aware Mean Teacher for Source-free Unsupervised Domain Adaptive 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14651.pdf)
>  Pseudo-label based self training approaches are a popular method for source-free unsupervised domain adaptation. However, their efficacy depends on the quality of the labels generated by the source trained model. These labels may be incorrect with high confidence, rendering thresholding methods ineffective. In order to avoid reinforcing errors caused by label noise, we propose an uncertainty-aware mean teacher framework which implicitly filters incorrect pseudo-labels during training. Leveraging model uncertainty allows the mean teacher network to perform implicit filtering by down-weighing losses corresponding uncertain pseudo-labels. Effectively, we perform automatic soft-sampling of pseudo-labeled data while aligning predictions from the student and teacher networks. We demonstrate our method on several domain adaptation scenarios, from cross-dataset to cross-weather conditions, and achieve state-of-the-art performance in these cases, on the KITTI lidar target dataset.      
### 42.FathomNet: A global underwater image training set for enabling artificial intelligence in the ocean  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14646.pdf)
>  Ocean-going platforms are integrating high-resolution camera feeds for observation and navigation, producing a deluge of visual data. The volume and rate of this data collection can rapidly outpace researchers' abilities to process and analyze them. Recent advances in machine learning enable fast, sophisticated analysis of visual data, but have had limited success in the oceanographic world due to lack of dataset standardization, sparse annotation tools, and insufficient formatting and aggregation of existing, expertly curated imagery for use by data scientists. To address this need, we have built FathomNet, a public platform that makes use of existing (and future), expertly curated data. Initial efforts have leveraged MBARI's Video Annotation and Reference System and annotated deep sea video database, which has more than 7M annotations, 1M framegrabs, and 5k terms in the knowledgebase, with additional contributions by National Geographic Society (NGS) and NOAA's Office of Ocean Exploration and Research. FathomNet has over 100k localizations of 1k midwater and benthic classes, and contains iconic and non-iconic views of marine animals, underwater equipment, debris, etc. We will demonstrate how machine learning models trained on FathomNet data can be applied across different institutional video data, (e.g., NGS' Deep Sea Camera System and NOAA's ROV Deep Discoverer), and enable automated acquisition and tracking of midwater animals using MBARI's ROV MiniROV. As FathomNet continues to develop and incorporate more image data from other oceanographic community members, this effort will enable scientists, explorers, policymakers, storytellers, and the public to understand and care for our ocean.      
### 43.Bend-Net: Bending Loss Regularized Multitask Learning Network for Nuclei Segmentation in Histopathology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15283.pdf)
>  Separating overlapped nuclei is a major challenge in histopathology image analysis. Recently published approaches have achieved promising overall performance on nuclei segmentation; however, their performance on separating overlapped nuclei is quite limited. To address the issue, we propose a novel multitask learning network with a bending loss regularizer to separate overlapped nuclei accurately. The newly proposed multitask learning architecture enhances the generalization by learning shared representation from three tasks: instance segmentation, nuclei distance map prediction, and overlapped nuclei distance map prediction. The proposed bending loss defines high penalties to concave contour points with large curvatures, and applies small penalties to convex contour points with small curvatures. Minimizing the bending loss avoids generating contours that encompass multiple nuclei. In addition, two new quantitative metrics, Aggregated Jaccard Index of overlapped nuclei (AJIO) and Accuracy of overlapped nuclei (ACCO), are designed for the evaluation of overlapped nuclei segmentation. We validate the proposed approach on the CoNSeP and MoNuSegv1 datasets using seven quantitative metrics: Aggregate Jaccard Index, Dice, Segmentation Quality, Recognition Quality, Panoptic Quality, AJIO, and ACCO. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed Bend-Net outperforms eight state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 44.DAAS: Differentiable Architecture and Augmentation Policy Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15273.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) has been an active direction of automatic machine learning (Auto-ML), aiming to explore efficient network structures. The searched architecture is evaluated by training on datasets with fixed data augmentation policies. However, recent works on auto-augmentation show that the suited augmentation policies can vary over different structures. Therefore, this work considers the possible coupling between neural architectures and data augmentation and proposes an effective algorithm jointly searching for them. Specifically, 1) for the NAS task, we adopt a single-path based differentiable method with Gumbel-softmax reparameterization strategy due to its memory efficiency; 2) for the auto-augmentation task, we introduce a novel search method based on policy gradient algorithm, which can significantly reduce the computation complexity. Our approach achieves 97.91% accuracy on CIFAR-10 and 76.6% Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet dataset, showing the outstanding performance of our search algorithm.      
### 45.Deep Homography Estimation in Dynamic Surgical Scenes for Laparoscopic Camera Motion Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15098.pdf)
>  Current laparoscopic camera motion automation relies on rule-based approaches or only focuses on surgical tools. Imitation Learning (IL) methods could alleviate these shortcomings, but have so far been applied to oversimplified setups. Instead of extracting actions from oversimplified setups, in this work we introduce a method that allows to extract a laparoscope holder's actions from videos of laparoscopic interventions. We synthetically add camera motion to a newly acquired dataset of camera motion free da Vinci surgery image sequences through the introduction of a novel homography generation algorithm. The synthetic camera motion serves as a supervisory signal for camera motion estimation that is invariant to object and tool motion. We perform an extensive evaluation of state-of-the-art (SOTA) Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) across multiple compute regimes, finding our method transfers from our camera motion free da Vinci surgery dataset to videos of laparoscopic interventions, outperforming classical homography estimation approaches in both, precision by 41%, and runtime on a CPU by 43%.      
### 46.Robust Multi-Domain Mitosis Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15092.pdf)
>  Domain variability is a common bottle neck in developing generalisable algorithms for various medical applications. Motivated by the observation that the domain variability of the medical images is to some extent compact, we propose to learn a target representative feature space through unpaired image to image translation (CycleGAN). We comprehensively evaluate the performanceand usefulness by utilising the transformation to mitosis detection with candidate proposal and classification. This work presents a simple yet effective multi-step mitotic figure detection algorithm developed as a baseline for the MIDOG challenge. On the preliminary test set, the algorithm scoresan F1 score of 0.52.      
### 47.Workflow Augmentation of Video Data for Event Recognition with Time-Sensitive Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15063.pdf)
>  Supervised training of neural networks requires large, diverse and well annotated data sets. In the medical field, this is often difficult to achieve due to constraints in time, expert knowledge and prevalence of an event. Artificial data augmentation can help to prevent overfitting and improve the detection of rare events as well as overall performance. However, most augmentation techniques use purely spatial transformations, which are not sufficient for video data with temporal correlations. In this paper, we present a novel methodology for workflow augmentation and demonstrate its benefit for event recognition in cataract surgery. The proposed approach increases the frequency of event alternation by creating artificial videos. The original video is split into event segments and a workflow graph is extracted from the original annotations. Finally, the segments are assembled into new videos based on the workflow graph. Compared to the original videos, the frequency of event alternation in the augmented cataract surgery videos increased by 26%. Further, a 3% higher classification accuracy and a 7.8% higher precision was achieved compared to a state-of-the-art approach. Our approach is particularly helpful to increase the occurrence of rare but important events and can be applied to a large variety of use cases.      
### 48.Deep Contextual Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15047.pdf)
>  Most of the existing neural video compression methods adopt the predictive coding framework, which first generates the predicted frame and then encodes its residue with the current frame. However, as for compression ratio, predictive coding is only a sub-optimal solution as it uses simple subtraction operation to remove the redundancy across frames. In this paper, we propose a deep contextual video compression framework to enable a paradigm shift from predictive coding to conditional coding. In particular, we try to answer the following questions: how to define, use, and learn condition under a deep video compression framework. To tap the potential of conditional coding, we propose using feature domain context as condition. This enables us to leverage the high dimension context to carry rich information to both the encoder and the decoder, which helps reconstruct the high-frequency contents for higher video quality. Our framework is also extensible, in which the condition can be flexibly designed. Experiments show that our method can significantly outperform the previous state-of-the-art (SOTA) deep video compression methods. When compared with x265 using veryslow preset, we can achieve 26.0% bitrate saving for 1080P standard test videos.      
### 49.SPATE-GAN: Improved Generative Modeling of Dynamic Spatio-Temporal Patterns with an Autoregressive Embedding Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.15044.pdf)
>  From ecology to atmospheric sciences, many academic disciplines deal with data characterized by intricate spatio-temporal complexities, the modeling of which often requires specialized approaches. Generative models of these data are of particular interest, as they enable a range of impactful downstream applications like simulation or creating synthetic training data. Recent work has highlighted the potential of generative adversarial nets (GANs) for generating spatio-temporal data. A new GAN algorithm COT-GAN, inspired by the theory of causal optimal transport (COT), was proposed in an attempt to better tackle this challenge. However, the task of learning more complex spatio-temporal patterns requires additional knowledge of their specific data structures. In this study, we propose a novel loss objective combined with COT-GAN based on an autoregressive embedding to reinforce the learning of spatio-temporal dynamics. We devise SPATE (spatio-temporal association), a new metric measuring spatio-temporal autocorrelation by using the deviance of observations from their expected values. We compute SPATE for real and synthetic data samples and use it to compute an embedding loss that considers space-time interactions, nudging the GAN to learn outputs that are faithful to the observed dynamics. We test this new objective on a diverse set of complex spatio-temporal patterns: turbulent flows, log-Gaussian Cox processes and global weather data. We show that our novel embedding loss improves performance without any changes to the architecture of the COT-GAN backbone, highlighting our model's increased capacity for capturing autoregressive structures. We also contextualize our work with respect to recent advances in physics-informed deep learning and interdisciplinary work connecting neural networks with geographic and geophysical sciences.      
### 50.Comparative Validation of Machine Learning Algorithms for Surgical Workflow and Skill Analysis with the HeiChole Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14956.pdf)
>  PURPOSE: Surgical workflow and skill analysis are key technologies for the next generation of cognitive surgical assistance systems. These systems could increase the safety of the operation through context-sensitive warnings and semi-autonomous robotic assistance or improve training of surgeons via data-driven feedback. In surgical workflow analysis up to 91% average precision has been reported for phase recognition on an open data single-center dataset. In this work we investigated the generalizability of phase recognition algorithms in a multi-center setting including more difficult recognition tasks such as surgical action and surgical skill. METHODS: To achieve this goal, a dataset with 33 laparoscopic cholecystectomy videos from three surgical centers with a total operation time of 22 hours was created. Labels included annotation of seven surgical phases with 250 phase transitions, 5514 occurences of four surgical actions, 6980 occurences of 21 surgical instruments from seven instrument categories and 495 skill classifications in five skill dimensions. The dataset was used in the 2019 Endoscopic Vision challenge, sub-challenge for surgical workflow and skill analysis. Here, 12 teams submitted their machine learning algorithms for recognition of phase, action, instrument and/or skill assessment. RESULTS: F1-scores were achieved for phase recognition between 23.9% and 67.7% (n=9 teams), for instrument presence detection between 38.5% and 63.8% (n=8 teams), but for action recognition only between 21.8% and 23.3% (n=5 teams). The average absolute error for skill assessment was 0.78 (n=1 team). CONCLUSION: Surgical workflow and skill analysis are promising technologies to support the surgical team, but are not solved yet, as shown by our comparison of algorithms. This novel benchmark can be used for comparable evaluation and validation of future work.      
### 51.A Deep Learning Localization Method for Measuring Abdominal Muscle Dimensions in Ultrasound Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14919.pdf)
>  Health professionals extensively use Two- Dimensional (2D) Ultrasound (US) videos and images to visualize and measure internal organs for various purposes including evaluation of muscle architectural changes. US images can be used to measure abdominal muscles dimensions for the diagnosis and creation of customized treatment plans for patients with Low Back Pain (LBP), however, they are difficult to interpret. Due to high variability, skilled professionals with specialized training are required to take measurements to avoid low intra-observer reliability. This variability stems from the challenging nature of accurately finding the correct spatial location of measurement endpoints in abdominal US images. In this paper, we use a Deep Learning (DL) approach to automate the measurement of the abdominal muscle thickness in 2D US images. By treating the problem as a localization task, we develop a modified Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) architecture to generate blobs of coordinate locations of measurement endpoints, similar to what a human operator does. We demonstrate that using the TrA400 US image dataset, our network achieves a Mean Absolute Error (MAE) of 0.3125 on the test set, which almost matches the performance of skilled ultrasound technicians. Our approach can facilitate next steps for automating the process of measurements in 2D US images, while reducing inter-observer as well as intra-observer variability for more effective clinical outcomes.      
### 52.End-to-End Image Compression with Probabilistic Decoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14837.pdf)
>  Lossy image compression is a many-to-one process, thus one bitstream corresponds to multiple possible original images, especially at low bit rates. However, this nature was seldom considered in previous studies on image compression, which usually chose one possible image as reconstruction, e.g. the one with the maximal a posteriori probability. We propose a learned image compression framework to natively support probabilistic decoding. The compressed bitstream is decoded into a series of parameters that instantiate a pre-chosen distribution; then the distribution is used by the decoder to sample and reconstruct images. The decoder may adopt different sampling strategies and produce diverse reconstructions, among which some have higher signal fidelity and some others have better visual quality. The proposed framework is dependent on a revertible neural network-based transform to convert pixels into coefficients that obey the pre-chosen distribution as much as possible. Our code and models will be made publicly available.      
### 53.Spark in the Dark: Evaluating Encoder-Decoder Pairs for COVID-19 CT's Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14818.pdf)
>  With the COVID-19 global pandemic, computerassisted diagnoses of medical images have gained a lot of attention, and robust methods of Semantic Segmentation of Computed Tomography (CT) turned highly desirable. Semantic Segmentation of CT is one of many research fields of automatic detection of Covid-19 and was widely explored since the Covid19 outbreak. In the robotic field, Semantic Segmentation of organs and CTs are widely used in robots developed for surgery tasks. As new methods and new datasets are proposed quickly, it becomes apparent the necessity of providing an extensive evaluation of those methods. To provide a standardized comparison of different architectures across multiple recently proposed datasets, we propose in this paper an extensive benchmark of multiple encoders and decoders with a total of 120 architectures evaluated in five datasets, with each dataset being validated through a five-fold cross-validation strategy, totaling 3.000 experiments. To the best of our knowledge, this is the largest evaluation in number of encoders, decoders, and datasets proposed in the field of Covid-19 CT segmentation.      
### 54.Unsupervised Landmark Detection Based Spatiotemporal Motion Estimation for 4D Dynamic Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14805.pdf)
>  Motion estimation is a fundamental step in dynamic medical image processing for the assessment of target organ anatomy and function. However, existing image-based motion estimation methods, which optimize the motion field by evaluating the local image similarity, are prone to produce implausible estimation, especially in the presence of large motion. In this study, we provide a novel motion estimation framework of Dense-Sparse-Dense (DSD), which comprises two stages. In the first stage, we process the raw dense image to extract sparse landmarks to represent the target organ anatomical topology and discard the redundant information that is unnecessary for motion estimation. For this purpose, we introduce an unsupervised 3D landmark detection network to extract spatially sparse but representative landmarks for the target organ motion estimation. In the second stage, we derive the sparse motion displacement from the extracted sparse landmarks of two images of different time points. Then, we present a motion reconstruction network to construct the motion field by projecting the sparse landmarks displacement back into the dense image domain. Furthermore, we employ the estimated motion field from our two-stage DSD framework as initialization and boost the motion estimation quality in light-weight yet effective iterative optimization. We evaluate our method on two dynamic medical imaging tasks to model cardiac motion and lung respiratory motion, respectively. Our method has produced superior motion estimation accuracy compared to existing comparative methods. Besides, the extensive experimental results demonstrate that our solution can extract well representative anatomical landmarks without any requirement of manual annotation. Our code is publicly available online.      
### 55.Automated airway segmentation by learning graphical structure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14792.pdf)
>  In this research project, we put forward an advanced method for airway segmentation based on the existent convolutional neural network (CNN) and graph neural network (GNN). The method is originated from the vessel segmentation, but we ameliorate it and enable the novel model to perform better for datasets from computed tomography (CT) scans. Current methods for airway segmentation are considering the regular grid only. No matter what the detailed model is, including the 3-dimensional CNN or 2-dimensional CNN in three directions, the overall graph structures are not taken into consideration. In our model, with the neighbourhoods of airway taken into account, the graph structure is incorporated and the segmentation of airways are improved compared with the traditional CNN methods. We perform experiments on the chest CT scans, where the ground truth segmentation labels are produced manually. The proposed model shows that compared with the CNN-only method, the combination of CNN and GNN has a better performance in that the bronchi in the chest CT scans can be detected in most cases. In addition, the model we propose has a wide extension since the architecture is also utilitarian in fulfilling similar aims in other datasets. Hence, the state-of-the-art model is of great significance and highly applicable in our daily lives. <br>Keywords: Airway segmentation, Convolutional neural network, Graph neural network      
### 56.A Prior Knowledge Based Tumor and Tumoral Subregion Segmentation Tool for Pediatric Brain Tumors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14775.pdf)
>  In the past few years, deep learning (DL) models have drawn great attention and shown superior performance on brain tumor and subregion segmentation tasks. However, the success is limited to segmentation of adult gliomas, where sufficient data have been collected, manually labeled, and published for training DL models. It is still challenging to segment pediatric tumors, because the appearances are different from adult gliomas. Hence, directly applying a pretained DL model on pediatric data usually generates unacceptable results. Because pediatric data is very limited, both labeled and unlabeled, we present a brain tumor segmentation model that is based on knowledge rather than learning from data. We also provide segmentation of more subregions for super heterogeneous tumor like atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor (ATRT). Our proposed approach showed superior performance on both whole tumor and subregion segmentation tasks to DL based models on our pediatric data when training data is not available for transfer learning.      
### 57.Chest X-Rays Image Classification from beta-Variational Autoencoders Latent Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14760.pdf)
>  Chest X-Ray (CXR) is one of the most common diagnostic techniques used in everyday clinical practice all around the world. We hereby present a work which intends to investigate and analyse the use of Deep Learning (DL) techniques to extract information from such images and allow to classify them, trying to keep our methodology as general as possible and possibly also usable in a real world scenario without much effort, in the future. To move in this direction, we trained several beta-Variational Autoencoder (beta-VAE) models on the CheXpert dataset, one of the largest publicly available collection of labeled CXR images; from these models, latent features have been extracted and used to train other Machine Learning models, able to classify the original images from the features extracted by the beta-VAE. Lastly, tree-based models have been combined together in ensemblings to improve the results without the necessity of further training or models engineering. Expecting some drop in pure performance with the respect to state of the art classification specific models, we obtained encouraging results, which show the viability of our approach and the usability of the high level features extracted by the autoencoders for classification tasks.      
### 58.MetaHistoSeg: A Python Framework for Meta Learning in Histopathology Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14754.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning is a standard practice in most deep learning based histopathology image segmentation, given the relatively low number of digitized slides that are generally available. While many models have been developed for domain specific histopathology image segmentation, cross-domain generalization remains a key challenge for properly validating models. Here, tooling and datasets to benchmark model performance across histopathological domains are lacking. To address this limitation, we introduce MetaHistoSeg - a Python framework that implements unique scenarios in both meta learning and instance based transfer learning. Designed for easy extension to customized datasets and task sampling schemes, the framework empowers researchers with the ability of rapid model design and experimentation. We also curate a histopathology meta dataset - a benchmark dataset for training and validating models on out-of-distribution performance across a range of cancer types. In experiments we showcase the usage of MetaHistoSeg with the meta dataset and find that both meta-learning and instance based transfer learning deliver comparable results on average, but in some cases tasks can greatly benefit from one over the other.      
### 59.Unlocking the potential of deep learning for marine ecology: overview, applications, and outlook  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14737.pdf)
>  The deep learning revolution is touching all scientific disciplines and corners of our lives as a means of harnessing the power of big data. Marine ecology is no exception. These new methods provide analysis of data from sensors, cameras, and acoustic recorders, even in real time, in ways that are reproducible and rapid. Off-the-shelf algorithms can find, count, and classify species from digital images or video and detect cryptic patterns in noisy data. Using these opportunities requires collaboration across ecological and data science disciplines, which can be challenging to initiate. To facilitate these collaborations and promote the use of deep learning towards ecosystem-based management of the sea, this paper aims to bridge the gap between marine ecologists and computer scientists. We provide insight into popular deep learning approaches for ecological data analysis in plain language, focusing on the techniques of supervised learning with deep neural networks, and illustrate challenges and opportunities through established and emerging applications of deep learning to marine ecology. We use established and future-looking case studies on plankton, fishes, marine mammals, pollution, and nutrient cycling that involve object detection, classification, tracking, and segmentation of visualized data. We conclude with a broad outlook of the field's opportunities and challenges, including potential technological advances and issues with managing complex data sets.      
### 60.Vision-Aided Beam Tracking: Explore the Proper Use of Camera Images with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14686.pdf)
>  We investigate the problem of wireless beam tracking on mmWave bands with the assistance of camera images. In particular, based on the user's beam indices used and camera images taken in the trajectory, we predict the optimal beam indices in the next few time spots. To resolve this problem, we first reformulate the "ViWi" dataset in [1] to get rid of the image repetition problem. Then we develop a deep learning approach and investigate various model components to achieve the best performance. Finally, we explore whether, when, and how to use the image for better beam prediction. To answer this question, we split the dataset into three clusters -- (LOS, light NLOS, serious NLOS)-like -- based on the standard deviation of the beam sequence. With experiments we demonstrate that using the image indeed helps beam tracking especially when the user is in serious NLOS, and the solution relies on carefully-designed dataset for training a model. Generally speaking, including NLOS-like data for training a model does not benefit beam tracking of the user in LOS, but including light NLOS-like data for training a model benefits beam tracking of the user in serious NLOS.      
### 61.Automatic Estimation of Ulcerative Colitis Severity from Endoscopy Videos using Ordinal Multi-Instance Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14685.pdf)
>  Ulcerative colitis (UC) is a chronic inflammatory bowel disease characterized by relapsing inflammation of the large intestine. The severity of UC is often represented by the Mayo Endoscopic Subscore (MES) which quantifies mucosal disease activity from endoscopy videos. In clinical trials, an endoscopy video is assigned an MES based upon the most severe disease activity observed in the video. For this reason, severe inflammation spread throughout the colon will receive the same MES as an otherwise healthy colon with severe inflammation restricted to a small, localized segment. Therefore, the extent of disease activity throughout the large intestine, and overall response to treatment, may not be completely captured by the MES. In this work, we aim to automatically estimate UC severity for each frame in an endoscopy video to provide a higher resolution assessment of disease activity throughout the colon. Because annotating severity at the frame-level is expensive, labor-intensive, and highly subjective, we propose a novel weakly supervised, ordinal classification method to estimate frame severity from video MES labels alone. Using clinical trial data, we first achieved 0.92 and 0.90 AUC for predicting mucosal healing and remission of UC, respectively. Then, for severity estimation, we demonstrate that our models achieve substantial Cohen's Kappa agreement with ground truth MES labels, comparable to the inter-rater agreement of expert clinicians. These findings indicate that our framework could serve as a foundation for novel clinical endpoints, based on a more localized scoring system, to better evaluate UC drug efficacy in clinical trials.      
### 62.Federated Self-Supervised Contrastive Learning via Ensemble Similarity Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14611.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the feasibility of learning good representation space with unlabeled client data in the federated scenario. Existing works trivially inherit the supervised federated learning methods, which does not apply to the model heterogeneity and has the potential risk of privacy exposure. To tackle the problems above, we first identify that self-supervised contrastive local training is more robust against the non-i.i.d.-ness than the traditional supervised learning paradigm. Then we propose a novel federated self-supervised contrastive learning framework FLESD that supports architecture-agnostic local training and communication-efficient global aggregation. At each round of communication, the server first gathers a fraction of the clients' inferred similarity matrices on a public dataset. Then FLESD ensembles the similarity matrices and trains the global model via similarity distillation. We verify the effectiveness of our proposed framework by a series of empirical experiments and show that FLESD has three main advantages over the existing methods: it handles the model heterogeneity, is less prone to privacy leak, and is more communication-efficient. We will release the code of this paper in the future.      
