# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 14 Feb 2020
### 1.Automatically Discovering and Learning New Visual Categories with Ranking Statistics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05714.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of discovering novel classes in an image collection given labelled examples of other classes. This setting is similar to semi-supervised learning, but significantly harder because there are no labelled examples for the new classes. The challenge, then, is to leverage the information contained in the labelled images in order to learn a general-purpose clustering model and use the latter to identify the new classes in the unlabelled data. In this work we address this problem by combining three ideas: (1) we suggest that the common approach of bootstrapping an image representation using the labeled data only introduces an unwanted bias, and that this can be avoided by using self-supervised learning to train the representation from scratch on the union of labelled and unlabelled data; (2) we use rank statistics to transfer the model's knowledge of the labelled classes to the problem of clustering the unlabelled images; and, (3) we train the data representation by optimizing a joint objective function on the labelled and unlabelled subsets of the data, improving both the supervised classification of the labelled data, and the clustering of the unlabelled data. We evaluate our approach on standard classification benchmarks and outperform current methods for novel category discovery by a significant margin. 
### 2.Classifying the classifier: dissecting the weight space of neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05688.pdf)
>  This paper presents an empirical study on the weights of neural networks, where we interpret each model as a point in a high-dimensional space -- the neural weight space. To explore the complex structure of this space, we sample from a diverse selection of training variations (dataset, optimization procedure, architecture, etc.) of neural network classifiers, and train a large number of models to represent the weight space. Then, we use a machine learning approach for analyzing and extracting information from this space. Most centrally, we train a number of novel deep meta-classifiers with the objective of classifying different properties of the training setup by identifying their footprints in the weight space. Thus, the meta-classifiers probe for patterns induced by hyper-parameters, so that we can quantify how much, where, and when these are encoded through the optimization process. This provides a novel and complementary view for explainable AI, and we show how meta-classifiers can reveal a great deal of information about the training setup and optimization, by only considering a small subset of randomly selected consecutive weights. To promote further research on the weight space, we release the neural weight space (NWS) dataset -- a collection of 320K weight snapshots from 16K individually trained deep neural networks. 
### 3.Summarizing the performances of a background subtraction algorithm measured on several videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05654.pdf)
>  There exist many background subtraction algorithms to detect motion in videos. To help comparing them, datasets with ground-truth data such as CDNET or LASIESTA have been proposed. These datasets organize videos in categories that represent typical challenges for background subtraction. The evaluation procedure promoted by their authors consists in measuring performance indicators for each video separately and to average them hierarchically, within a category first, then between categories, a procedure which we name "summarization". While the summarization by averaging performance indicators is a valuable effort to standardize the evaluation procedure, it has no theoretical justification and it breaks the intrinsic relationships between summarized indicators. This leads to interpretation inconsistencies. In this paper, we present a theoretical approach to summarize the performances for multiple videos that preserves the relationships between performance indicators. In addition, we give formulas and an algorithm to calculate summarized performances. Finally, we showcase our observations on CDNET 2014. 
### 4.GANILLA: Generative Adversarial Networks for Image to Illustration Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05638.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore illustrations in children's books as a new domain in unpaired image-to-image translation. We show that although the current state-of-the-art image-to-image translation models successfully transfer either the style or the content, they fail to transfer both at the same time. We propose a new generator network to address this issue and show that the resulting network strikes a better balance between style and content. <br>There are no well-defined or agreed-upon evaluation metrics for unpaired image-to-image translation. So far, the success of image translation models has been based on subjective, qualitative visual comparison on a limited number of images. To address this problem, we propose a new framework for the quantitative evaluation of image-to-illustration models, where both content and style are taken into account using separate classifiers. In this new evaluation framework, our proposed model performs better than the current state-of-the-art models on the illustrations dataset. Our code and pretrained models can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/giddyyupp/ganilla" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 5.Asynchronous Tracking-by-Detection on Adaptive Time Surfaces for Event-based Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05583.pdf)
>  Event cameras, which are asynchronous bio-inspired vision sensors, have shown great potential in a variety of situations, such as fast motion and low illumination scenes. However, most of the event-based object tracking methods are designed for scenarios with untextured objects and uncluttered backgrounds. There are few event-based object tracking methods that support bounding box-based object tracking. The main idea behind this work is to propose an asynchronous Event-based Tracking-by-Detection (ETD) method for generic bounding box-based object tracking. To achieve this goal, we present an Adaptive Time-Surface with Linear Time Decay (ATSLTD) event-to-frame conversion algorithm, which asynchronously and effectively warps the spatio-temporal information of asynchronous retinal events to a sequence of ATSLTD frames with clear object contours. We feed the sequence of ATSLTD frames to the proposed ETD method to perform accurate and efficient object tracking, which leverages the high temporal resolution property of event cameras. We compare the proposed ETD method with seven popular object tracking methods, that are based on conventional cameras or event cameras, and two variants of ETD. The experimental results show the superiority of the proposed ETD method in handling various challenging environments. 
### 6.SpotNet: Self-Attention Multi-Task Network for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05540.pdf)
>  Humans are very good at directing their visual attention toward relevant areas when they search for different types of objects. For instance, when we search for cars, we will look at the streets, not at the top of buildings. The motivation of this paper is to train a network to do the same via a multi-task learning approach. To train visual attention, we produce foreground/background segmentation labels in a semi-supervised way, using background subtraction or optical flow. Using these labels, we train an object detection model to produce foreground/background segmentation maps as well as bounding boxes while sharing most model parameters. We use those segmentation maps inside the network as a self-attention mechanism to weight the feature map used to produce the bounding boxes, decreasing the signal of non-relevant areas. We show that by using this method, we obtain a significant mAP improvement on two traffic surveillance datasets, with state-of-the-art results on both UA-DETRAC and UAVDT. 
### 7.Replacing Mobile Camera ISP with a Single Deep Learning Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05509.pdf)
>  As the popularity of mobile photography is growing constantly, lots of efforts are being invested now into building complex hand-crafted camera ISP solutions. In this work, we demonstrate that even the most sophisticated ISP pipelines can be replaced with a single end-to-end deep learning model trained without any prior knowledge about the sensor and optics used in a particular device. For this, we present PyNET, a novel pyramidal CNN architecture designed for fine-grained image restoration that implicitly learns to perform all ISP steps such as image demosaicing, denoising, white balancing, color and contrast correction, demoireing, etc. The model is trained to convert RAW Bayer data obtained directly from mobile camera sensor into photos captured with a professional high-end DSLR camera, making the solution independent of any particular mobile ISP implementation. To validate the proposed approach on the real data, we collected a large-scale dataset consisting of 10 thousand full-resolution RAW-RGB image pairs captured in the wild with the Huawei P20 cameraphone (12.3 MP Sony Exmor IMX380 sensor) and Canon 5D Mark IV DSLR. The experiments demonstrate that the proposed solution can easily get to the level of the embedded P20's ISP pipeline that, unlike our approach, is combining the data from two (RGB + B/W) camera sensors. The dataset, pre-trained models and codes used in this paper are available on the project website. 
### 8.Chaotic Phase Synchronization and Desynchronization in an Oscillator Network for Object Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05493.pdf)
>  Object selection refers to the mechanism of extracting objects of interest while ignoring other objects and background in a given visual scene. It is a fundamental issue for many computer vision and image analysis techniques and it is still a challenging task to artificial visual systems. Chaotic phase synchronization takes place in cases involving almost identical dynamical systems and it means that the phase difference between the systems is kept bounded over the time, while their amplitudes remain chaotic and may be uncorrelated. Instead of complete synchronization, phase synchronization is believed to be a mechanism for neural integration in brain. In this paper, an object selection model is proposed. Oscillators in the network representing the salient object in a given scene are phase synchronized, while no phase synchronization occurs for background objects. In this way, the salient object can be extracted. In this model, a shift mechanism is also introduced to change attention from one object to another. Computer simulations show that the model produces some results similar to those observed in natural vision systems. 
### 9.EndoL2H: Deep Super-Resolution for Capsule Endoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05459.pdf)
>  Wireless capsule endoscopy is the preferred modality for diagnosis and assessment of small bowel disease. However, the poor resolution is a limitation for both subjective and automated diagnostics. Enhanced-resolution endoscopy has shown to improve adenoma detection rate for conventional endoscopy and is likely to do the same for capsule endoscopy. In this work, we propose and quantitatively validate a novel framework to learn a mapping from low-to-high resolution endoscopic images. We use conditional adversarial networks and spatial attention to improve the resolution by up to a factor of 8x. Our quantitative study demonstrates the superiority of our proposed approach over Super-Resolution Generative Adversarial Network (SRGAN) and bicubic interpolation. For qualitative analysis, visual Turing tests were performed by 16 gastroenterologists to confirm the clinical utility of the proposed approach. Our approach is generally applicable to any endoscopic capsule system and has the potential to improve diagnosis and better harness computational approaches for polyp detection and characterization. Our code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/akgokce/EndoL2H" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Emotion Recognition for In-the-wild Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05447.pdf)
>  This paper is a brief introduction to our submission to the seven basic expression classification track of Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild Competition held in conjunction with the IEEE International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (FG) 2020. Our method combines Deep Residual Network (ResNet) and Bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory Network (BLSTM), achieving 64.3% accuracy and 43.4% final metric on the validation set. 
### 11.Recurrent Attention Model with Log-Polar Mapping is Robust against Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05388.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks are vulnerable to small $\ell^p$ adversarial attacks, while the human visual system is not. Inspired by neural networks in the eye and the brain, we developed a novel artificial neural network model that recurrently collects data with a log-polar field of view that is controlled by attention. We demonstrate the effectiveness of this design as a defense against SPSA and PGD adversarial attacks. It also has beneficial properties observed in the animal visual system, such as reflex-like pathways for low-latency inference, fixed amount of computation independent of image size, and rotation and scale invariance. The code for experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitlab.com/exwzd-public/kiritani_ono_2020" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 12.Hypergraph Optimization for Multi-structural Geometric Model Fitting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05350.pdf)
>  Recently, some hypergraph-based methods have been proposed to deal with the problem of model fitting in computer vision, mainly due to the superior capability of hypergraph to represent the complex relationship between data points. However, a hypergraph becomes extremely complicated when the input data include a large number of data points (usually contaminated with noises and outliers), which will significantly increase the computational burden. In order to overcome the above problem, we propose a novel hypergraph optimization based model fitting (HOMF) method to construct a simple but effective hypergraph. Specifically, HOMF includes two main parts: an adaptive inlier estimation algorithm for vertex optimization and an iterative hyperedge optimization algorithm for hyperedge optimization. The proposed method is highly efficient, and it can obtain accurate model fitting results within a few iterations. Moreover, HOMF can then directly apply spectral clustering, to achieve good fitting performance. Extensive experimental results show that HOMF outperforms several state-of-the-art model fitting methods on both synthetic data and real images, especially in sampling efficiency and in handling data with severe outliers. 
### 13.Object Detection on Single Monocular Images through Canonical Correlation Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05349.pdf)
>  Without using extra 3-D data like points cloud or depth images for providing 3-D information, we retrieve the 3-D object information from single monocular images. The high-quality predicted depth images are recovered from single monocular images, and it is fed into the 2-D object proposal network with corresponding monocular images. Most existing deep learning frameworks with two-streams input data always fuse separate data by concatenating or adding, which views every part of a feature map can contribute equally to the whole task. However, when data are noisy, and too much information is redundant, these methods no longer produce predictions or classifications efficiently. In this report, we propose a two-dimensional CCA(canonical correlation analysis) framework to fuse monocular images and corresponding predicted depth images for basic computer vision tasks like image classification and object detection. Firstly, we implemented different structures with one-dimensional CCA and Alexnet to test the performance on the image classification task. And then, we applied one of these structures with 2D-CCA for object detection. During these experiments, we found that our proposed framework behaves better when taking predicted depth images as inputs with the model trained from ground truth depth. 
### 14.Continual Universal Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05347.pdf)
>  Object detection has improved significantly in recent years on multiple challenging benchmarks. However, most existing detectors are still domain-specific, where the models are trained and tested on a single domain. When adapting these detectors to new domains, they often suffer from catastrophic forgetting of previous knowledge. In this paper, we propose a continual object detector that can learn sequentially from different domains without forgetting. First, we explore learning the object detector continually in different scenarios across various domains and categories. Learning from the analysis, we propose attentive feature distillation leveraging both bottom-up and top-down attentions to mitigate forgetting. It takes advantage of attention to ignore the noisy background information and feature distillation to provide strong supervision. Finally, for the most challenging scenarios, we propose an adaptive exemplar sampling method to leverage exemplars from previous tasks for less forgetting effectively. The experimental results show the excellent performance of our proposed method in three different scenarios across seven different object detection datasets. 
### 15.SegVoxelNet: Exploring Semantic Context and Depth-aware Features for 3D Vehicle Detection from Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05316.pdf)
>  3D vehicle detection based on point cloud is a challenging task in real-world applications such as autonomous driving. Despite significant progress has been made, we observe two aspects to be further improved. First, the semantic context information in LiDAR is seldom explored in previous works, which may help identify ambiguous vehicles. Second, the distribution of point cloud on vehicles varies continuously with increasing depths, which may not be well modeled by a single model. In this work, we propose a unified model SegVoxelNet to address the above two problems. A semantic context encoder is proposed to leverage the free-of-charge semantic segmentation masks in the bird's eye view. Suspicious regions could be highlighted while noisy regions are suppressed by this module. To better deal with vehicles at different depths, a novel depth-aware head is designed to explicitly model the distribution differences and each part of the depth-aware head is made to focus on its own target detection range. Extensive experiments on the KITTI dataset show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art alternatives in both accuracy and efficiency with point cloud as input only. 
### 16.Improving Efficiency in Neural Network Accelerator Using Operands Hamming Distance optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05293.pdf)
>  Neural network accelerator is a key enabler for the on-device AI inference, for which energy efficiency is an important metric. The data-path energy, including the computation energy and the data movement energy among the arithmetic units, claims a significant part of the total accelerator energy. By revisiting the basic physics of the arithmetic logic circuits, we show that the data-path energy is highly correlated with the bit flips when streaming the input operands into the arithmetic units, defined as the hamming distance of the input operand matrices. Based on the insight, we propose a post-training optimization algorithm and a hamming-distance-aware training algorithm to co-design and co-optimize the accelerator and the network synergistically. The experimental results based on post-layout simulation with MobileNetV2 demonstrate on average 2.85X data-path energy reduction and up to 8.51X data-path energy reduction for certain layers. 
### 17.Solving Missing-Annotation Object Detection with Background Recalibration Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05274.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on a novel and challenging detection scenario: A majority of true objects/instances is unlabeled in the datasets, so these missing-labeled areas will be regarded as the background during training. Previous art on this problem has proposed to use soft sampling to re-weight the gradients of RoIs based on the overlaps with positive instances, while their method is mainly based on the two-stage detector (i.e. Faster RCNN) which is more robust and friendly for the missing label scenario. In this paper, we introduce a superior solution called Background Recalibration Loss (BRL) that can automatically re-calibrate the loss signals according to the pre-defined IoU threshold and input image. Our design is built on the one-stage detector which is faster and lighter. Inspired by the Focal Loss formulation, we make several significant modifications to fit on the missing-annotation circumstance. We conduct extensive experiments on the curated PASCAL VOC and MS COCO datasets. The results demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms the baseline and other state-of-the-arts by a large margin. 
### 18.Leveraging Affect Transfer Learning for Behavior Prediction in an Intelligent Tutoring System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05242.pdf)
>  In the context of building an intelligent tutoring system (ITS), which improves student learning outcomes by intervention, we set out to improve prediction of student problem outcome. In essence, we want to predict the outcome of a student answering a problem in an ITS from a video feed by analyzing their face and gestures. For this, we present a novel transfer learning facial affect representation and a user-personalized training scheme that unlocks the potential of this representation. We model the temporal structure of video sequences of students solving math problems using a recurrent neural network architecture. Additionally, we extend the largest dataset of student interactions with an intelligent online math tutor by a factor of two. Our final model, coined ATL-BP (Affect Transfer Learning for Behavior Prediction) achieves an increase in mean F-score over state-of-the-art of 45% on this new dataset in the general case and 50% in a more challenging leave-users-out experimental setting when we use a user-personalized training scheme. 
### 19.Image-to-Image Translation with Text Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05235.pdf)
>  The goal of this paper is to embed controllable factors, i.e., natural language descriptions, into image-to-image translation with generative adversarial networks, which allows text descriptions to determine the visual attributes of synthetic images. We propose four key components: (1) the implementation of part-of-speech tagging to filter out non-semantic words in the given description, (2) the adoption of an affine combination module to effectively fuse different modality text and image features, (3) a novel refined multi-stage architecture to strengthen the differential ability of discriminators and the rectification ability of generators, and (4) a new structure loss to further improve discriminators to better distinguish real and synthetic images. Extensive experiments on the COCO dataset demonstrate that our method has a superior performance on both visual realism and semantic consistency with given descriptions. 
### 20.Cross-Iteration Batch Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05712.pdf)
>  A well-known issue of Batch Normalization is its significantly reduced effectiveness in the case of small mini-batch sizes. When a mini-batch contains few examples, the statistics upon which the normalization is defined cannot be reliably estimated from it during a training iteration. To address this problem, we present Cross-Iteration Batch Normalization (CBN), in which examples from multiple recent iterations are jointly utilized to enhance estimation quality. A challenge of computing statistics over multiple iterations is that the network activations from different iterations are not comparable to each other due to changes in network weights. We thus compensate for the network weight changes via a proposed technique based on Taylor polynomials, so that the statistics can be accurately estimated and batch normalization can be effectively applied. On object detection and image classification with small mini-batch sizes, CBN is found to outperform the original batch normalization and a direct calculation of statistics over previous iterations without the proposed compensation technique. 
### 21.A Simple Framework for Contrastive Learning of Visual Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05709.pdf)
>  This paper presents SimCLR: a simple framework for contrastive learning of visual representations. We simplify recently proposed contrastive self-supervised learning algorithms without requiring specialized architectures or a memory bank. In order to understand what enables the contrastive prediction tasks to learn useful representations, we systematically study the major components of our framework. We show that (1) composition of data augmentations plays a critical role in defining effective predictive tasks, (2) introducing a learnable nonlinear transformation between the representation and the contrastive loss substantially improves the quality of the learned representations, and (3) contrastive learning benefits from larger batch sizes and more training steps compared to supervised learning. By combining these findings, we are able to considerably outperform previous methods for self-supervised and semi-supervised learning on ImageNet. A linear classifier trained on self-supervised representations learned by SimCLR achieves 76.5% top-1 accuracy, which is a 7% relative improvement over previous state-of-the-art, matching the performance of a supervised ResNet-50. When fine-tuned on only 1% of the labels, we achieve 85.8% top-5 accuracy, outperforming AlexNet with 100X fewer labels. 
### 22.Generative-based Airway and Vessel Morphology Quantification on Chest CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05702.pdf)
>  Accurately and precisely characterizing the morphology of small pulmonary structures from Computed Tomography (CT) images, such as airways and vessels, is becoming of great importance for diagnosis of pulmonary diseases. The smaller conducting airways are the major site of increased airflow resistance in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), while accurately sizing vessels can help identify arterial and venous changes in lung regions that may determine future disorders. However, traditional methods are often limited due to image resolution and artifacts. <br>We propose a Convolutional Neural Regressor (CNR) that provides cross-sectional measurement of airway lumen, airway wall thickness, and vessel radius. CNR is trained with data created by a generative model of synthetic structures which is used in combination with Simulated and Unsupervised Generative Adversarial Network (SimGAN) to create simulated and refined airways and vessels with known ground-truth. <br>For validation, we first use synthetically generated airways and vessels produced by the proposed generative model to compute the relative error and directly evaluate the accuracy of CNR in comparison with traditional methods. Then, in-vivo validation is performed by analyzing the association between the percentage of the predicted forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1\%) and the value of the Pi10 parameter, two well-known measures of lung function and airway disease, for airways. For vessels, we assess the correlation between our estimate of the small-vessel blood volume and the lungs' diffusing capacity for carbon monoxide (DLCO). <br>The results demonstrate that Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) provide a promising direction for accurately measuring vessels and airways on chest CT images with physiological correlates. 
### 23.Neuromorphologicaly-preserving Volumetric data encoding using VQ-VAE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05692.pdf)
>  The increasing efficiency and compactness of deep learning architectures, together with hardware improvements, have enabled the complex and high-dimensional modelling of medical volumetric data at higher resolutions. Recently, Vector-Quantised Variational Autoencoders (VQ-VAE) have been proposed as an efficient generative unsupervised learning approach that can encode images to a small percentage of their initial size, while preserving their decoded fidelity. Here, we show a VQ-VAE inspired network can efficiently encode a full-resolution 3D brain volume, compressing the data to $0.825\%$ of the original size while maintaining image fidelity, and significantly outperforming the previous state-of-the-art. We then demonstrate that VQ-VAE decoded images preserve the morphological characteristics of the original data through voxel-based morphology and segmentation experiments. Lastly, we show that such models can be pre-trained and then fine-tuned on different datasets without the introduction of bias. 
### 24.FRSign: A Large-Scale Traffic Light Dataset for Autonomous Trains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05665.pdf)
>  In the realm of autonomous transportation, there have been many initiatives for open-sourcing self-driving cars datasets, but much less for alternative methods of transportation such as trains. In this paper, we aim to bridge the gap by introducing FRSign, a large-scale and accurate dataset for vision-based railway traffic light detection and recognition. Our recordings were made on selected running trains in France and benefited from carefully hand-labeled annotations. An illustrative dataset which corresponds to ten percent of the acquired data to date is published in open source with the paper. It contains more than 100,000 images illustrating six types of French railway traffic lights and their possible color combinations, together with the relevant information regarding their acquisition such as date, time, sensor parameters, and bounding boxes. This dataset is published in open-source at the address \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://frsign.irt-systemx.fr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. We compare, analyze various properties of the dataset and provide metrics to express its variability. We also discuss specific challenges and particularities related to autonomous trains in comparison to autonomous cars. 
### 25.Machines Learn Appearance Bias in Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05636.pdf)
>  We seek to determine whether state-of-the-art, black box face recognition techniques can learn first-impression appearance bias from human annotations. With FaceNet, a popular face recognition architecture, we train a transfer learning model on human subjects' first impressions of personality traits in other faces. We measure the extent to which this appearance bias is embedded and benchmark learning performance for six different perceived traits. In particular, we find that our model is better at judging a person's dominance based on their face than other traits like trustworthiness or likeability, even for emotionally neutral faces. We also find that our model tends to predict emotions for deliberately manipulated faces with higher accuracy than for randomly generated faces, just like a human subject. Our results lend insight into the manner in which appearance biases may be propagated by standard face recognition models. 
### 26.Sparse and Structured Visual Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05556.pdf)
>  Visual attention mechanisms are widely used in multimodal tasks, such as image captioning and visual question answering (VQA). One drawback of softmax-based attention mechanisms is that they assign probability mass to all image regions, regardless of their adjacency structure and of their relevance to the text. In this paper, to better link the image structure with the text, we replace the traditional softmax attention mechanism with two alternative sparsity-promoting transformations: sparsemax, which is able to select the relevant regions only (assigning zero weight to the rest), and a newly proposed Total-Variation Sparse Attention (TVmax), which further encourages the joint selection of adjacent spatial locations. Experiments in image captioning and VQA, using both LSTM and Transformer architectures, show gains in terms of human-rated caption quality, attention relevance, and VQA accuracy, with improved interpretability. 
### 27.Superpixel Image Classification with Graph Attention Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05544.pdf)
>  This document reports the use of Graph Attention Networks for classifying oversegmented images, as well as a general procedure for generating oversegmented versions of image-based datasets. The code and learnt models for/from the experiments are available on github. The experiments were ran from June 2019 until December 2019. We obtained better results than the baseline models that uses geometric distance-based attention by using instead self attention, in a more sparsely connected graph network. 
### 28.Deep Learning-based End-to-end Diagnosis System for Avascular Necrosis of Femoral Head  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05536.pdf)
>  As the first diagnostic imaging modality of avascular necrosis of the femoral head (AVNFH), accurately staging AVNFH from a plain radiograph is critical and challenging for orthopedists. Thus, we propose a deep learning-based AVNFH diagnosis system (AVN-net). The proposed AVN-net reads plain radiographs of the pelvis, conducts diagnosis, and visualizes results automatically. Deep convolutional neural networks are trained to provide an end-to-end diagnosis solution, covering femoral head detection, exam-view/sides identification, AVNFH diagnosis, and key clinical note generation subtasks. AVN-net is able to obtain state-of-the-art testing AUC of 0.95 (95% CI: 0.92-0.98) in AVNFH detection and significantly greater F1 scores (p&lt;0.01) than less-to-moderately experienced orthopedists in all diagnostic tests. Furthermore, two real-world pilot studies were conducted for diagnosis support and education assistance, respectively, to assess the utility of AVN-net. The experimental results are promising. With the AVN-net diagnosis as a reference, the diagnostic accuracy and consistency of all orthopedists considerably improved while requiring only 1/4 of the time. Students self-studying the AVNFH diagnosis using AVN-net can learn better and faster than the control group. To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first research on the prospective use of a deep learning-based diagnosis system for AVNFH by conducting two pilot studies representing real-world application scenarios. We have demonstrated that the proposed AVN-net achieves expert-level AVNFH diagnosis performance, provides efficient support in clinical decision-making, and effectively passes clinical experience to students. 
### 29.Abnormal respiratory patterns classifier may contribute to large-scale screening of people infected with COVID-19 in an accurate and unobtrusive manner  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05534.pdf)
>  Research significance: During the epidemic prevention and control period, our study can be helpful in prognosis, diagnosis and screening for the patients infected with COVID-19 (the novel coronavirus) based on breathing characteristics. According to the latest clinical research, the respiratory pattern of COVID-19 is different from the respiratory patterns of flu and the common cold. One significant symptom that occurs in the COVID-19 is Tachypnea. People infected with COVID-19 have more rapid respiration. Our study can be utilized to distinguish various respiratory patterns and our device can be preliminarily put to practical use. Demo videos of this method working in situations of one subject and two subjects can be downloaded online. Research details: Accurate detection of the unexpected abnormal respiratory pattern of people in a remote and unobtrusive manner has great significance. In this work, we innovatively capitalize on depth camera and deep learning to achieve this goal. The challenges in this task are twofold: the amount of real-world data is not enough for training to get the deep model; and the intra-class variation of different types of respiratory patterns is large and the outer-class variation is small. In this paper, considering the characteristics of actual respiratory signals, a novel and efficient Respiratory Simulation Model (RSM) is first proposed to fill the gap between the large amount of training data and scarce real-world data. Subsequently, we first apply a GRU neural network with bidirectional and attentional mechanisms (BI-AT-GRU) to classify 6 clinically significant respiratory patterns (Eupnea, Tachypnea, Bradypnea, Biots, Cheyne-Stokes and Central-Apnea). The proposed deep model and the modeling ideas have the great potential to be extended to large scale applications such as public places, sleep scenario, and office environment. 
### 30.Real or Not Real, that is the Question  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05512.pdf)
>  While generative adversarial networks (GAN) have been widely adopted in various topics, in this paper we generalize the standard GAN to a new perspective by treating realness as a random variable that can be estimated from multiple angles. In this generalized framework, referred to as RealnessGAN, the discriminator outputs a distribution as the measure of realness. While RealnessGAN shares similar theoretical guarantees with the standard GAN, it provides more insights on adversarial learning. Compared to multiple baselines, RealnessGAN provides stronger guidance for the generator, achieving improvements on both synthetic and real-world datasets. Moreover, it enables the basic DCGAN architecture to generate realistic images at 1024*1024 resolution when trained from scratch. 
### 31.MLFcGAN: Multi-level Feature Fusion based Conditional GAN for Underwater Image Color Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05333.pdf)
>  Color correction for underwater images has received increasing interests, due to its critical role in facilitating available mature vision algorithms for underwater scenarios. Inspired by the stunning success of deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) techniques in many vision tasks, especially the strength in extracting features in multiple scales, we propose a deep multi-scale feature fusion net based on the conditional generative adversarial network (GAN) for underwater image color correction. In our network, multi-scale features are extracted first, followed by augmenting local features on each scale with global features. This design was verified to facilitate more effective and faster network learning, resulting in better performance in both color correction and detail preservation. We conducted extensive experiments and compared with the state-of-the-art approaches quantitatively and qualitatively, showing that our method achieves significant improvements. 
### 32.Physical Accuracy of Deep Neural Networks for 2D and 3D Multi-Mineral Segmentation of Rock micro-CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05322.pdf)
>  Segmentation of 3D micro-Computed Tomographic uCT) images of rock samples is essential for further Digital Rock Physics (DRP) analysis, however, conventional methods such as thresholding, watershed segmentation, and converging active contours are susceptible to user-bias. Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have produced accurate pixelwise semantic segmentation results with natural images and $\mu$CT rock images, however, physical accuracy is not well documented. The performance of 4 CNN architectures is tested for 2D and 3D cases in 10 configurations. Manually segmented uCT images of Mt. Simon Sandstone are treated as ground truth and used as training and validation data, with a high voxelwise accuracy (over 99%) achieved. Downstream analysis is then used to validate physical accuracy. The topology of each segmented phase is calculated, and the absolute permeability and multiphase flow is modelled with direct simulation in single and mixed wetting cases. These physical measures of connectivity, and flow characteristics show high variance and uncertainty, with models that achieve 95\%+ in voxelwise accuracy possessing permeabilities and connectivities orders of magnitude off. A new network architecture is also introduced as a hybrid fusion of U-net and ResNet, combining short and long skip connections in a Network-in-Network configuration. The 3D implementation outperforms all other tested models in voxelwise and physical accuracy measures. The network architecture and the volume fraction in the dataset (and associated weighting), are factors that not only influence the accuracy trade-off in the voxelwise case, but is especially important in training a physically accurate model for segmentation. 
### 33.A Provably Robust Multiple Rotation Averaging Scheme for SO(2)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05299.pdf)
>  We give adversarial robustness results for synchronization on the rotation group over $\mathbb{R}^2$, $\mathrm{SO}(2)$. In particular, we consider an adversarial corruption setting, where an adversary can choose which measurements to corrupt as well as what to corrupt them to. In this setting, we first show that some common nonconvex formulations, which are categorized as "multiple rotation averaging", may fail. We then discuss a new fast algorithm, called Trimmed Averaging Synchronization, which has exact recovery and linear convergence up to an outlier percentage of $1/4$. 
### 34.Geom-GCN: Geometric Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05287.pdf)
>  Message-passing neural networks (MPNNs) have been successfully applied to representation learning on graphs in a variety of real-world applications. However, two fundamental weaknesses of MPNNs' aggregators limit their ability to represent graph-structured data: losing the structural information of nodes in neighborhoods and lacking the ability to capture long-range dependencies in disassortative graphs. Few studies have noticed the weaknesses from different perspectives. From the observations on classical neural network and network geometry, we propose a novel geometric aggregation scheme for graph neural networks to overcome the two weaknesses. The behind basic idea is the aggregation on a graph can benefit from a continuous space underlying the graph. The proposed aggregation scheme is permutation-invariant and consists of three modules, node embedding, structural neighborhood, and bi-level aggregation. We also present an implementation of the scheme in graph convolutional networks, termed Geom-GCN (Geometric Graph Convolutional Networks), to perform transductive learning on graphs. Experimental results show the proposed Geom-GCN achieved state-of-the-art performance on a wide range of open datasets of graphs. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/graphdml-uiuc-jlu/geom-gcn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 35.HypoML: Visual Analysis for Hypothesis-based Evaluation of Machine Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05271.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a visual analytics tool for enabling hypothesis-based evaluation of machine learning (ML) models. We describe a novel ML-testing framework that combines the traditional statistical hypothesis testing (commonly used in empirical research) with logical reasoning about the conclusions of multiple hypotheses. The framework defines a controlled configuration for testing a number of hypotheses as to whether and how some extra information about a "concept" or "feature" may benefit or hinder a ML model. Because reasoning multiple hypotheses is not always straightforward, we provide HypoML as a visual analysis tool, with which, the multi-thread testing data is transformed to a visual representation for rapid observation of the conclusions and the logical flow between the testing data and hypotheses.We have applied HypoML to a number of hypothesized concepts, demonstrating the intuitive and explainable nature of the visual analysis. 
### 36.Graph Similarity Using PageRank and Persistent Homology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.05158.pdf)
>  The PageRank of a graph is a scalar function defined on the node set of the graph which encodes nodes centrality information of the graph. In this work, we utilize the PageRank function on the lower-star filtration of the graph as input to persistent homology to study the problem of graph similarity. By representing each graph as a persistence diagram, we can then compare outputs using the bottleneck distance. We show the effectiveness of our method by utilizing it on two shape mesh datasets. 
