# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 21 Feb 2020
### 1.Spatiotemporal Relationship Reasoning for Pedestrian Intent Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08945.pdf)
>  Reasoning over visual data is a desirable capability for robotics and vision-based applications. Such reasoning enables forecasting of the next events or actions in videos. In recent years, various models have been developed based on convolution operations for prediction or forecasting, but they lack the ability to reason over spatiotemporal data and infer the relationships of different objects in the scene. In this paper, we present a framework based on graph convolution to uncover the spatiotemporal relationships in the scene for reasoning about pedestrian intent. A scene graph is built on top of segmented object instances within and across video frames. Pedestrian intent, defined as the future action of crossing or not-crossing the street, is a very crucial piece of information for autonomous vehicles to navigate safely and more smoothly. We approach the problem of intent prediction from two different perspectives and anticipate the intention-to-cross within both pedestrian-centric and location-centric scenarios. In addition, we introduce a new dataset designed specifically for autonomous-driving scenarios in areas with dense pedestrian populations: the Stanford-TRI Intent Prediction (STIP) dataset. Our experiments on STIP and another benchmark dataset show that our graph modeling framework is able to predict the intention-to-cross of the pedestrians with an accuracy of 79.10% on STIP and 79.28% on \rev{Joint Attention for Autonomous Driving (JAAD) dataset up to one second earlier than when the actual crossing happens. These results outperform the baseline and previous work. Please refer to <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://stip.stanford.edu/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> for the dataset and code. 
### 2.Strategy to Increase the Safety of a DNN-based Perception for HAD Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08935.pdf)
>  Safety is one of the most important development goals for highly automated driving (HAD) systems. This applies in particular to the perception function driven by Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). For these, large parts of the traditional safety processes and requirements are not fully applicable or sufficient. The aim of this paper is to present a framework for the description and mitigation of DNN insufficiencies and the derivation of relevant safety mechanisms to increase the safety of DNNs. To assess the effectiveness of these safety mechanisms, we present a categorization scheme for evaluation metrics. 
### 3.Deep Learning-Based Feature Extraction in Iris Recognition: Use Existing Models, Fine-tune or Train From Scratch?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08916.pdf)
>  Modern deep learning techniques can be employed to generate effective feature extractors for the task of iris recognition. The question arises: should we train such structures from scratch on a relatively large iris image dataset, or it is better to fine-tune the existing models to adapt them to a new domain? In this work we explore five different sets of weights for the popular ResNet-50 architecture to find out whether iris-specific feature extractors perform better than models trained for non-iris tasks. Features are extracted from each convolutional layer and the classification accuracy achieved by a Support Vector Machine is measured on a dataset that is disjoint from the samples used in training of the ResNet-50 model. We show that the optimal training strategy is to fine-tune an off-the-shelf set of weights to the iris recognition domain. This approach results in greater accuracy than both off-the-shelf weights and a model trained from scratch. The winning, fine-tuned approach also shows an increase in performance when compared to previous work, in which only off-the-shelf (not fine-tuned) models were used in iris feature extraction. We make the best-performing ResNet-50 model, fine-tuned with more than 360,000 iris images, publicly available along with this paper. 
### 4.Automatic Shortcut Removal for Self-Supervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08822.pdf)
>  In self-supervised visual representation learning, a feature extractor is trained on a "pretext task" for which labels can be generated cheaply. A central challenge in this approach is that the feature extractor quickly learns to exploit low-level visual features such as color aberrations or watermarks and then fails to learn useful semantic representations. Much work has gone into identifying such "shortcut" features and hand-designing schemes to reduce their effect. Here, we propose a general framework for removing shortcut features automatically. Our key assumption is that those features which are the first to be exploited for solving the pretext task may also be the most vulnerable to an adversary trained to make the task harder. We show that this assumption holds across common pretext tasks and datasets by training a "lens" network to make small image changes that maximally reduce performance in the pretext task. Representations learned with the modified images outperform those learned without in all tested cases. Additionally, the modifications made by the lens reveal how the choice of pretext task and dataset affects the features learned by self-supervision. 
### 5.Object 6D Pose Estimation with Non-local Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08749.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the challenging task of estimating 6D object pose from a single RGB image. Motivated by the deep learning based object detection methods, we propose a concise and efficient network that integrate 6D object pose parameter estimation into the object detection framework. Furthermore, for more robust estimation to occlusion, a non-local self-attention module is introduced. The experimental results show that the proposed method reaches the state-of-the-art performance on the YCB-video and the Linemod datasets. 
### 6.Roto-Translation Equivariant Convolutional Networks: Application to Histopathology Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08725.pdf)
>  Rotation-invariance is a desired property of machine-learning models for medical image analysis and in particular for computational pathology applications. We propose a framework to encode the geometric structure of the special Euclidean motion group SE(2) in convolutional networks to yield translation and rotation equivariance via the introduction of SE(2)-group convolution layers. This structure enables models to learn feature representations with a discretized orientation dimension that guarantees that their outputs are invariant under a discrete set of rotations. Conventional approaches for rotation invariance rely mostly on data augmentation, but this does not guarantee the robustness of the output when the input is rotated. At that, trained conventional CNNs may require test-time rotation augmentation to reach their full capability. This study is focused on histopathology image analysis applications for which it is desirable that the arbitrary global orientation information of the imaged tissues is not captured by the machine learning models. The proposed framework is evaluated on three different histopathology image analysis tasks (mitosis detection, nuclei segmentation and tumor classification). We present a comparative analysis for each problem and show that consistent increase of performances can be achieved when using the proposed framework. 
### 7.A survey on Semi-, Self- and Unsupervised Techniques in Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08721.pdf)
>  While deep learning strategies achieve outstanding results in computer vision tasks, one issue remains. The current strategies rely heavily on a huge amount of labeled data. In many real-world problems it is not feasible to create such an amount of labeled training data. Therefore, researchers try to incorporate unlabeled data into the training process to reach equal results with fewer labels. Due to a lot of concurrent research, it is difficult to keep track of recent developments. In this survey we provide an overview of often used techniques and methods in image classification with fewer labels. We compare 21 methods. In our analysis we identify three major trends. 1. State-of-the-art methods are scaleable to real world applications based on their accuracy. 2. The degree of supervision which is needed to achieve comparable results to the usage of all labels is decreasing. 3. All methods share common techniques while only few methods combine these techniques to achieve better performance. Based on all of these three trends we discover future research opportunities. 
### 8.Photorealistic Lip Sync with Adversarial Temporal Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08700.pdf)
>  Lip sync has emerged as a promising technique to generate mouth movements on a talking head. However, synthesizing a clear, accurate and human-like performance is still challenging. In this paper, we present a novel lip-sync solution for producing a high-quality and photorealistic talking head from speech. We focus on capturing the specific lip movement and talking style of the target person. We model the seq-to-seq mapping from audio signals to mouth features by two adversarial temporal convolutional networks. Experiments show our model outperforms traditional RNN-based baselines in both accuracy and speed. We also propose an image-to-image translation-based approach for generating high-resolution photoreal face appearance from synthetic facial maps. This fully-trainable framework not only avoids the cumbersome steps like candidate-frame selection in graphics-based rendering methods but also solves some existing issues in recent neural network-based solutions. Our work will benefit related applications such as conversational agent, virtual anchor, tele-presence and gaming. 
### 9.Bi-directional Dermoscopic Feature Learning and Multi-scale Consistent Decision Fusion for Skin Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08694.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation of skin lesion from dermoscopic images is a crucial part of computer-aided diagnosis of melanoma. It is challenging due to the fact that dermoscopic images from different patients have non-negligible lesion variation, which causes difficulties in anatomical structure learning and consistent skin lesion delineation. In this paper, we propose a novel bi-directional dermoscopic feature learning (biDFL) framework to model the complex correlation between skin lesions and their informative context. By controlling feature information passing through two complementary directions, a substantially rich and discriminative feature representation is achieved. Specifically, we place biDFL module on the top of a CNN network to enhance high-level parsing performance. Furthermore, we propose a multi-scale consistent decision fusion (mCDF) that is capable of selectively focusing on the informative decisions generated from multiple classification layers. By analysis of the consistency of the decision at each position, mCDF automatically adjusts the reliability of decisions and thus allows a more insightful skin lesion delineation. The comprehensive experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed method on skin lesion segmentation, achieving state-of-the-art performance consistently on two publicly available dermoscopic image databases. 
### 10.Neural Network Compression Framework for fast model inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08679.pdf)
>  In this work we present a new framework for neural networks compression with fine-tuning, which we called Neural Network Compression Framework (NNCF). It leverages recent advances of various network compression methods and implements some of them, such as sparsity, quantization, and binarization. These methods allow getting more hardware-friendly models which can be efficiently run on general-purpose hardware computation units (CPU, GPU) or special Deep Learning accelerators. We show that the developed methods can be successfully applied to a wide range of models to accelerate the inference time while keeping the original accuracy. The framework can be used within the training samples, which are supplied with it, or as a standalone package that can be seamlessly integrated into the existing training code with minimal adaptations. Currently, a PyTorch \cite{PyTorch} version of NNCF is available as a part of OpenVINO Training Extensions at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/opencv/openvino_training_extensions/tree/develop/pytorch_toolkit/nncf" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 11.Stroke Constrained Attention Network for Online Handwritten Mathematical Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08670.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel stroke constrained attention network (SCAN) which treats stroke as the basic unit for encoder-decoder based online handwritten mathematical expression recognition (HMER). Unlike previous methods which use trace points or image pixels as basic units, SCAN makes full use of stroke-level information for better alignment and representation. The proposed SCAN can be adopted in both single-modal (online or offline) and multi-modal HMER. For single-modal HMER, SCAN first employs a CNN-GRU encoder to extract point-level features from input traces in online mode and employs a CNN encoder to extract pixel-level features from input images in offline mode, then use stroke constrained information to convert them into online and offline stroke-level features. Using stroke-level features can explicitly group points or pixels belonging to the same stroke, therefore reduces the difficulty of symbol segmentation and recognition via the decoder with attention mechanism. For multi-modal HMER, other than fusing multi-modal information in decoder, SCAN can also fuse multi-modal information in encoder by utilizing the stroke based alignments between online and offline modalities. The encoder fusion is a better way for combining multi-modal information as it implements the information interaction one step before the decoder fusion so that the advantages of multiple modalities can be exploited earlier and more adequately when training the encoder-decoder model. Evaluated on a benchmark published by CROHME competition, the proposed SCAN achieves the state-of-the-art performance. 
### 12.Focus on Semantic Consistency for Cross-domain Crowd Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08623.pdf)
>  For pixel-level crowd understanding, it is time-consuming and laborious in data collection and annotation. Some domain adaptation algorithms try to liberate it by training models with synthetic data, and the results in some recent works have proved the feasibility. However, we found that a mass of estimation errors in the background areas impede the performance of the existing methods. In this paper, we propose a domain adaptation method to eliminate it. According to the semantic consistency, a similar distribution in deep layer's features of the synthetic and real-world crowd area, we first introduce a semantic extractor to effectively distinguish crowd and background in high-level semantic information. Besides, to further enhance the adapted model, we adopt adversarial learning to align features in the semantic space. Experiments on three representative real datasets show that the proposed domain adaptation scheme achieves the state-of-the-art for cross-domain counting problems. 
### 13.KaoKore: A Pre-modern Japanese Art Facial Expression Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08595.pdf)
>  From classifying handwritten digits to generating strings of text, the datasets which have received long-time focus from the machine learning community vary greatly in their subject matter. This has motivated a renewed interest in building datasets which are socially and culturally relevant, so that algorithmic research may have a more direct and immediate impact on society. One such area is in history and the humanities, where better and relevant machine learning models can accelerate research across various fields. To this end, newly released benchmarks and models have been proposed for transcribing historical Japanese cursive writing, yet for the field as a whole using machine learning for historical Japanese artworks still remains largely uncharted. To bridge this gap, in this work we propose a new dataset KaoKore which consists of faces extracted from pre-modern Japanese artwork. We demonstrate its value as both a dataset for image classification as well as a creative and artistic dataset, which we explore using generative models. Dataset available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rois-codh/kaokore" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 14.Captioning Images Taken by People Who Are Blind  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08565.pdf)
>  While an important problem in the vision community is to design algorithms that can automatically caption images, few publicly-available datasets for algorithm development directly address the interests of real users. Observing that people who are blind have relied on (human-based) image captioning services to learn about images they take for nearly a decade, we introduce the first image captioning dataset to represent this real use case. This new dataset, which we call VizWiz-Captions, consists of over 39,000 images originating from people who are blind that are each paired with five captions. We analyze this dataset to (1) characterize the typical captions, (2) characterize the diversity of content found in the images, and (3) compare its content to that found in eight popular vision datasets. We also analyze modern image captioning algorithms to identify what makes this new dataset challenging for the vision community. We publicly-share the dataset with captioning challenge instructions at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vizwiz.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 15.Learning Object Scale With Click Supervision for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08555.pdf)
>  Weakly-supervised object detection has recently attracted increasing attention since it only requires image-levelannotations. However, the performance obtained by existingmethods is still far from being satisfactory compared with fully-supervised object detection methods. To achieve a good trade-off between annotation cost and object detection performance,we propose a simple yet effective method which incorporatesCNN visualization with click supervision to generate the pseudoground-truths (i.e., bounding boxes). These pseudo ground-truthscan be used to train a fully-supervised detector. To estimatethe object scale, we firstly adopt a proposal selection algorithmto preserve high-quality proposals, and then generate ClassActivation Maps (CAMs) for these preserved proposals by theproposed CNN visualization algorithm called Spatial AttentionCAM. Finally, we fuse these CAMs together to generate pseudoground-truths and train a fully-supervised object detector withthese ground-truths. Experimental results on the PASCAL VOC2007 and VOC 2012 datasets show that the proposed methodcan obtain much higher accuracy for estimating the object scale,compared with the state-of-the-art image-level based methodsand the center-click based method 
### 16.Fast and Regularized Reconstruction of Building Façades from Street-View Images using Binary Integer Programming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08549.pdf)
>  Regularized arrangement of primitives on building façades to aligned locations and consistent sizes is important towards structured reconstruction of urban environment. Mixed integer linear programing was used to solve the problem, however, it is extreamly time consuming even for state-of-the-art commercial solvers. Aiming to alleviate this issue, we cast the problem into binary integer programming, which omits the requirements for real value parameters and is more efficient to be solved . Firstly, the bounding boxes of the primitives are detected using the YOLOv3 architecture in real-time. Secondly, the coordinates of the upper left corners and the sizes of the bounding boxes are automatically clustered in a binary integer programming optimization, which jointly considers the geometric fitness, regularity and additional constraints; this step does not require \emph{a priori} knowledge, such as the number of clusters or pre-defined grammars. Finally, the regularized bounding boxes can be directly used to guide the façade reconstruction in an interactive envinronment. Experimental evaluations have revealed that the accuracies for the extraction of primitives are above 0.85, which is sufficient for the following 3D reconstruction. The proposed approach only takes about $ 10\% $ to $ 20\% $ of the runtime than previous approach and reduces the diversity of the bounding boxes to about $20\%$ to $50\%$ 
### 17.Do We Really Need to Access the Source Data? Source Hypothesis Transfer for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08546.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims to leverage the knowledge learned from a labeled source dataset to solve similar tasks in a new unlabeled domain. Prior UDA methods typically require to access the source data when learning to adapt the model, making them risky and inefficient for decentralized private data. In this work we tackle a novel setting where only a trained source model is available and investigate how we can effectively utilize such a model without source data to solve UDA problems. To this end, we propose a simple yet generic representation learning framework, named \emph{Source HypOthesis Transfer} (SHOT). Specifically, SHOT freezes the classifier module (hypothesis) of the source model and learns the target-specific feature extraction module by exploiting both information maximization and self-supervised pseudo-labeling to implicitly align representations from the target domains to the source hypothesis. In this way, the learned target model can directly predict the labels of target data. We further investigate several techniques to refine the network architecture to parameterize the source model for better transfer performance. To verify its versatility, we evaluate SHOT in a variety of adaptation cases including closed-set, partial-set, and open-set domain adaptation. Experiments indicate that SHOT yields state-of-the-art results among multiple domain adaptation benchmarks. 
### 18.Expressing Objects just like Words: Recurrent Visual Embedding for Image-Text Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08510.pdf)
>  Existing image-text matching approaches typically infer the similarity of an image-text pair by capturing and aggregating the affinities between the text and each independent object of the image. However, they ignore the connections between the objects that are semantically related. These objects may collectively determine whether the image corresponds to a text or not. To address this problem, we propose a Dual Path Recurrent Neural Network (DP-RNN) which processes images and sentences symmetrically by recurrent neural networks (RNN). In particular, given an input image-text pair, our model reorders the image objects based on the positions of their most related words in the text. In the same way as extracting the hidden features from word embeddings, the model leverages RNN to extract high-level object features from the reordered object inputs. We validate that the high-level object features contain useful joint information of semantically related objects, which benefit the retrieval task. To compute the image-text similarity, we incorporate a Multi-attention Cross Matching Model into DP-RNN. It aggregates the affinity between objects and words with cross-modality guided attention and self-attention. Our model achieves the state-of-the-art performance on Flickr30K dataset and competitive performance on MS-COCO dataset. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. 
### 19.Modelling response to trypophobia trigger using intermediate layers of ImageNet networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08490.pdf)
>  In this paper, we approach the problem of detecting trypophobia triggers using Convolutional neural networks. We show that standard architectures such as VGG or ResNet are capable of recognizing trypophobia patterns. We also conduct experiments to analyze the nature of this phenomenon. To do that, we dissect the network decreasing the number of its layers and parameters. We prove, that even significantly reduced networks have accuracy above 91\% and focus their attention on the trypophobia patterns as presented on the visual explanations. 
### 20.Revisiting Training Strategies and Generalization Performance in Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08473.pdf)
>  Deep Metric Learning (DML) is arguably one of the most influential lines of research for learning visual similarities with many proposed approaches every year. Although the field benefits from the rapid progress, the divergence in training protocols, architectures, and parameter choices make an unbiased comparison difficult. To provide a consistent reference point, we revisit the most widely used DML objective functions and conduct a study of the crucial parameter choices as well as the commonly neglected mini-batch sampling process. Based on our analysis, we uncover a correlation between the embedding space compression and the generalization performance of DML models. Exploiting these insights, we propose a simple, yet effective, training regularization to reliably boost the performance of ranking-based DML models on various standard benchmark datasets. 
### 21.SD-GAN: Structural and Denoising GAN reveals facial parts under occlusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08448.pdf)
>  Certain facial parts are salient (unique) in appearance, which substantially contribute to the holistic recognition of a subject. Occlusion of these salient parts deteriorates the performance of face recognition algorithms. In this paper, we propose a generative model to reconstruct the missing parts of the face which are under occlusion. The proposed generative model (SD-GAN) reconstructs a face preserving the illumination variation and identity of the face. A novel adversarial training algorithm has been designed for a bimodal mutually exclusive Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) model, for faster convergence. A novel adversarial "structural" loss function is also proposed, comprising of two components: a holistic and a local loss, characterized by SSIM and patch-wise MSE. Ablation studies on real and synthetically occluded face datasets reveal that our proposed technique outperforms the competing methods by a considerable margin, even for boosting the performance of Face Recognition. 
### 22.Cooperative LIDAR Object Detection via Feature Sharing in Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08440.pdf)
>  The recent advancements in communication and computational systems has led to significant improvement of situational awareness in connected and autonomous vehicles. Computationally efficient neural networks and high speed wireless vehicular networks have been some of the main contributors to this improvement. However, scalability and reliability issues caused by inherent limitations of sensory and communication systems are still challenging problems. In this paper, we aim to mitigate the effects of these limitations by introducing the concept of feature sharing for cooperative object detection (FS-COD). In our proposed approach, a better understanding of the environment is achieved by sharing partially processed data between cooperative vehicles while maintaining a balance between computation and communication load. This approach is different from current methods of map sharing, or sharing of raw data which are not scalable. The performance of the proposed approach is verified through experiments on Volony dataset. It is shown that the proposed approach has significant performance superiority over the conventional single-vehicle object detection approaches. 
### 23.Residual-Sparse Fuzzy $C$-Means Clustering Incorporating Morphological Reconstruction and Wavelet frames  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08418.pdf)
>  Instead of directly utilizing an observed image including some outliers, noise or intensity inhomogeneity, the use of its ideal value (e.g. noise-free image) has a favorable impact on clustering. Hence, the accurate estimation of the residual (e.g. unknown noise) between the observed image and its ideal value is an important task. To do so, we propose an $\ell_0$ regularization-based Fuzzy $C$-Means (FCM) algorithm incorporating a morphological reconstruction operation and a tight wavelet frame transform. To achieve a sound trade-off between detail preservation and noise suppression, morphological reconstruction is used to filter an observed image. By combining the observed and filtered images, a weighted sum image is generated. Since a tight wavelet frame system has sparse representations of an image, it is employed to decompose the weighted sum image, thus forming its corresponding feature set. Taking it as data for clustering, we present an improved FCM algorithm by imposing an $\ell_0$ regularization term on the residual between the feature set and its ideal value, which implies that the favorable estimation of the residual is obtained and the ideal value participates in clustering. Spatial information is also introduced into clustering since it is naturally encountered in image segmentation. Furthermore, it makes the estimation of the residual more reliable. To further enhance the segmentation effects of the improved FCM algorithm, we also employ the morphological reconstruction to smoothen the labels generated by clustering. Finally, based on the prototypes and smoothed labels, the segmented image is reconstructed by using a tight wavelet frame reconstruction operation. Experimental results reported for synthetic, medical, and color images show that the proposed algorithm is effective and efficient, and outperforms other algorithms. 
### 24.Table-Top Scene Analysis Using Knowledge-Supervised MCMC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08417.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a probabilistic method to generate abstract scene graphs for table-top scenes from 6D object pose estimates. We explicitly make use of task-specfic context knowledge by encoding this knowledge as descriptive rules in Markov logic networks. Our approach to generate scene graphs is probabilistic: Uncertainty in the object poses is addressed by a probabilistic sensor model that is embedded in a data driven MCMC process. We apply Markov logic inference to reason about hidden objects and to detect false estimates of object poses. The effectiveness of our approach is demonstrated and evaluated in real world experiments. 
### 25.A Generalizable Knowledge Framework for Semantic Indoor Mapping Based on Markov Logic Networks and Data Driven MCMC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08402.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a generalizable knowledge framework for data abstraction, i.e. finding compact abstract model for input data using predefined abstract terms. Based on these abstract terms, intelligent autonomous systems, such as a robot, should be able to make inference according to specific knowledge base, so that they can better handle the complexity and uncertainty of the real world. We propose to realize this framework by combining Markov logic networks (MLNs) and data driven MCMC sampling, because the former are a powerful tool for modelling uncertain knowledge and the latter provides an efficient way to draw samples from unknown complex distributions. Furthermore, we show in detail how to adapt this framework to a certain task, in particular, semantic robot mapping. Based on MLNs, we formulate task-specific context knowledge as descriptive soft rules. Experiments on real world data and simulated data confirm the usefulness of our framework. 
### 26.JRMOT: A Real-Time 3D Multi-Object Tracker and a New Large-Scale Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08397.pdf)
>  An autonomous navigating agent needs to perceive and track the motion of objects and other agents in its surroundings to achieve robust and safe motion planning and execution. While autonomous navigation requires a multi-object tracking (MOT) system to provide 3D information, most research has been done in 2D MOT from RGB videos. In this work we present JRMOT, a novel 3D MOT system that integrates information from 2D RGB images and 3D point clouds into a real-time performing framework. Our system leverages advancements in neural-network based re-identification as well as 2D and 3D detection and descriptors. We incorporate this into a joint probabilistic data-association framework within a multi-modal recursive Kalman architecture to achieve online, real-time 3D MOT. As part of our work, we release the JRDB dataset, a novel large scale 2D+3D dataset and benchmark annotated with over 2 million boxes and 3500 time consistent 2D+3D trajectories across 54 indoor and outdoor scenes. The dataset contains over 60 minutes of data including 360 degree cylindrical RGB video and 3D pointclouds. The presented 3D MOT system demonstrates state-of-the-art performance against competing methods on the popular 2D tracking KITTI benchmark and serves as a competitive 3D tracking baseline for our dataset and benchmark. 
### 27.MonoLayout: Amodal scene layout from a single image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08394.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the novel, highly challenging problem of estimating the layout of a complex urban driving scenario. Given a single color image captured from a driving platform, we aim to predict the bird's-eye view layout of the road and other traffic participants. The estimated layout should reason beyond what is visible in the image, and compensate for the loss of 3D information due to projection. We dub this problem amodal scene layout estimation, which involves "hallucinating" scene layout for even parts of the world that are occluded in the image. To this end, we present MonoLayout, a deep neural network for real-time amodal scene layout estimation from a single image. We represent scene layout as a multi-channel semantic occupancy grid, and leverage adversarial feature learning to hallucinate plausible completions for occluded image parts. Due to the lack of fair baseline methods, we extend several state-of-the-art approaches for road-layout estimation and vehicle occupancy estimation in bird's-eye view to the amodal setup for rigorous evaluation. By leveraging temporal sensor fusion to generate training labels, we significantly outperform current art over a number of datasets. On the KITTI and Argoverse datasets, we outperform all baselines by a significant margin. We also make all our annotations, and code publicly available. A video abstract of this paper is available <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcroGyo6yRQ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 28.SynFi: Automatic Synthetic Fingerprint Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08900.pdf)
>  Authentication and identification methods based on human fingerprints are ubiquitous in several systems ranging from government organizations to consumer products. The performance and reliability of such systems directly rely on the volume of data on which they have been verified. Unfortunately, a large volume of fingerprint databases is not publicly available due to many privacy and security concerns. <br>In this paper, we introduce a new approach to automatically generate high-fidelity synthetic fingerprints at scale. Our approach relies on (i) Generative Adversarial Networks to estimate the probability distribution of human fingerprints and (ii) Super-Resolution methods to synthesize fine-grained textures. We rigorously test our system and show that our methodology is the first to generate fingerprints that are computationally indistinguishable from real ones, a task that prior art could not accomplish. 
### 29.A Bayes-Optimal View on Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08859.pdf)
>  The ability to fool modern CNN classifiers with tiny perturbations of the input has lead to the development of a large number of candidate defenses and often conflicting explanations. In this paper, we argue for examining adversarial examples from the perspective of Bayes-Optimal classification. We construct realistic image datasets for which the Bayes-Optimal classifier can be efficiently computed and derive analytic conditions on the distributions so that the optimal classifier is either robust or vulnerable. By training different classifiers on these datasets (for which the "gold standard" optimal classifiers are known), we can disentangle the possible sources of vulnerability and avoid the accuracy-robustness tradeoff that may occur in commonly used datasets. Our results show that even when the optimal classifier is robust, standard CNN training consistently learns a vulnerable classifier. At the same time, for exactly the same training data, RBF SVMs consistently learn a robust classifier. The same trend is observed in experiments with real images. 
### 30.Deep Learning Estimation of Multi-Tissue Constrained Spherical Deconvolution with Limited Single Shell DW-MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08820.pdf)
>  Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DW-MRI) is the only non-invasive approach for estimation of intra-voxel tissue microarchitecture and reconstruction of in vivo neural pathways for the human brain. With improvement in accelerated MRI acquisition technologies, DW-MRI protocols that make use of multiple levels of diffusion sensitization have gained popularity. A well-known advanced method for reconstruction of white matter microstructure that uses multi-shell data is multi-tissue constrained spherical deconvolution (MT-CSD). MT-CSD substantially improves the resolution of intra-voxel structure over the traditional single shell version, constrained spherical deconvolution (CSD). Herein, we explore the possibility of using deep learning on single shell data (using the b=1000 s/mm2 from the Human Connectome Project (HCP)) to estimate the information content captured by 8th order MT-CSD using the full three shell data (b=1000, 2000, and 3000 s/mm2 from HCP). Briefly, we examine two network architectures: 1.) Sequential network of fully connected dense layers with a residual block in the middle (ResDNN), 2.) Patch based convolutional neural network with a residual block (ResCNN). For both networks an additional output block for estimation of voxel fraction was used with a modified loss function. Each approach was compared against the baseline of using MT-CSD on all data on 15 subjects from the HCP divided into 5 training, 2 validation, and 8 testing subjects with a total of 6.7 million voxels. The fiber orientation distribution function (fODF) can be recovered with high correlation (0.77 vs 0.74 and 0.65) as compared to the ground truth of MT-CST, which was derived from the multi-shell DW-MRI acquisitions. Source code and models have been made publicly available. 
### 31.Pruning untrained neural networks: Principles and Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08797.pdf)
>  Overparameterized neural networks display state-of-the art performance. However, there is a growing need for smaller, energy-efficient, neural networks to be able to use machine learning applications on devices with limited computational resources. A popular approach consists of using pruning techniques. While these techniques have traditionally focused on pruning pre-trained neural networks (e.g. LeCun et al. (1990) and Hassabi et al. (1993)), recent work by Lee et al. (2018) showed promising results where pruning is performed at initialization. However, such procedures remain unsatisfactory as the resulting pruned networks can be difficult to train and, for instance, these procedures do not prevent one layer being fully pruned. In this paper we provide a comprehensive theoretical analysis of pruning at initialization and training sparse architectures. This analysis allows us to propose novel principled approaches which we validate experimentally on a variety of network architectures. We particularly show that we can prune up to 99.9% of the weights while keeping the model trainable. 
### 32.Disentangled Speech Embeddings using Cross-modal Self-supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08742.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is to learn representations of speaker identity without access to manually annotated data. To do so, we develop a self-supervised learning objective that exploits the natural cross-modal synchrony between faces and audio in video. The key idea behind our approach is to tease apart---without annotation---the representations of linguistic content and speaker identity. We construct a two-stream architecture which: (1) shares low-level features common to both representations; and (2) provides a natural mechanism for explicitly disentangling these factors, offering the potential for greater generalisation to novel combinations of content and identity and ultimately producing speaker identity representations that are more robust. We train our method on a large-scale audio-visual dataset of talking heads `in the wild', and demonstrate its efficacy by evaluating the learned speaker representations for standard speaker recognition performance. 
### 33.Bimodal Distribution Removal and Genetic Algorithm in Neural Network for Breast Cancer Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08729.pdf)
>  Diagnosis of breast cancer has been well studied in the past. Multiple linear programming models have been devised to approximate the relationship between cell features and tumour malignancy. However, these models are less capable in handling non-linear correlations. Neural networks instead are powerful in processing complex non-linear correlations. It is thus certainly beneficial to approach this cancer diagnosis problem with a model based on neural network. Particularly, introducing bias to neural network training process is deemed as an important means to increase training efficiency. Out of a number of popular proposed methods for introducing artificial bias, Bimodal Distribution Removal (BDR) presents ideal efficiency improvement results and fair simplicity in implementation. However, this paper examines the effectiveness of BDR against the target cancer diagnosis classification problem and shows that BDR process in fact negatively impacts classification performance. In addition, this paper also explores genetic algorithm as an efficient tool for feature selection and produced significantly better results comparing to baseline model that without any feature selection in place 
### 34.An empirical study of Conv-TasNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08688.pdf)
>  Conv-TasNet is a recently proposed waveform-based deep neural network that achieves state-of-the-art performance in speech source separation. Its architecture consists of a learnable encoder/decoder and a separator that operates on top of this learned space. Various improvements have been proposed to Conv-TasNet. However, they mostly focus on the separator, leaving its encoder/decoder as a (shallow) linear operator. In this paper, we conduct an empirical study of Conv-TasNet and propose an enhancement to the encoder/decoder that is based on a (deep) non-linear variant of it. In addition, we experiment with the larger and more diverse LibriTTS dataset and investigate the generalization capabilities of the studied models when trained on a much larger dataset. We propose cross-dataset evaluation that includes assessing separations from the WSJ0-2mix, LibriTTS and VCTK databases. Our results show that enhancements to the encoder/decoder can improve average SI-SNR performance by more than 1 dB. Furthermore, we offer insights into the generalization capabilities of Conv-TasNet and the potential value of improvements to the encoder/decoder. 
### 35.Unsupervised Multi-Class Domain Adaptation: Theory, Algorithms, and Practice  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08681.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the formalism of unsupervised multi-class domain adaptation (multi-class UDA), which underlies some recent algorithms whose learning objectives are only motivated empirically. A Multi-Class Scoring Disagreement (MCSD) divergence is presented by aggregating the absolute margin violations in multi-class classification; the proposed MCSD is able to fully characterize the relations between any pair of multi-class scoring hypotheses. By using MCSD as a measure of domain distance, we develop a new domain adaptation bound for multi-class UDA as well as its data-dependent, probably approximately correct bound, which naturally suggest adversarial learning objectives to align conditional feature distributions across the source and target domains. Consequently, an algorithmic framework of Multi-class Domain-adversarial learning Networks (McDalNets) is developed, whose different instantiations via surrogate learning objectives either coincide with or resemble a few of recently popular methods, thus (partially) underscoring their practical effectiveness. Based on our same theory of multi-class UDA, we also introduce a new algorithm of Domain-Symmetric Networks (SymmNets), which is featured by a novel adversarial strategy of domain confusion and discrimination. SymmNets afford simple extensions that work equally well under the problem settings of either closed set, partial, or open set UDA. We conduct careful empirical studies to compare different algorithms of McDalNets and our newly introduced SymmNets. Experiments verify our theoretical analysis and show the efficacy of our proposed SymmNets. We make our implementation codes publicly available. 
### 36.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation via Discriminative Manifold Embedding and Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08675.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation is effective in leveraging the rich information from the source domain to the unsupervised target domain. Though deep learning and adversarial strategy make an important breakthrough in the adaptability of features, there are two issues to be further explored. First, the hard-assigned pseudo labels on the target domain are risky to the intrinsic data structure. Second, the batch-wise training manner in deep learning limits the description of the global structure. In this paper, a Riemannian manifold learning framework is proposed to achieve transferability and discriminability consistently. As to the first problem, this method establishes a probabilistic discriminant criterion on the target domain via soft labels. Further, this criterion is extended to a global approximation scheme for the second issue; such approximation is also memory-saving. The manifold metric alignment is exploited to be compatible with the embedding space. A theoretical error bound is derived to facilitate the alignment. Extensive experiments have been conducted to investigate the proposal and results of the comparison study manifest the superiority of consistent manifold learning framework. 
### 37.A Novel Framework for Selection of GANs for an Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08641.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) is a current focal point of research. The body of knowledge is fragmented, leading to a trial-error method while selecting an appropriate GAN for a given scenario. We provide a comprehensive summary of the evolution of GANs starting from its inception addressing issues like mode collapse, vanishing gradient, unstable training and non-convergence. We also provide a comparison of various GANs from the application point of view, its behaviour and implementation details. We propose a novel framework to identify candidate GANs for a specific use case based on architecture, loss, regularization and divergence. We also discuss application of the framework using an example, and we demonstrate a significant reduction in search space. This efficient way to determine potential GANs lowers unit economics of AI development for organizations. 
### 38.Boosting Adversarial Training with Hypersphere Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08619.pdf)
>  Adversarial training (AT) is one of the most effective defenses to improve the adversarial robustness of deep learning models. In order to promote the reliability of the adversarially trained models, we propose to boost AT via incorporating hypersphere embedding (HE), which can regularize the adversarial features onto compact hypersphere manifolds. We formally demonstrate that AT and HE are well coupled, which tunes up the learning dynamics of AT from several aspects. We comprehensively validate the effectiveness and universality of HE by embedding it into the popular AT frameworks including PGD-AT, ALP, and TRADES, as well as the FreeAT and FastAT strategies. In experiments, we evaluate our methods on the CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets, and verify that integrating HE can consistently enhance the performance of the models trained by each AT framework with little extra computation. 
### 39.Cross-stained Segmentation from Renal Biopsy Images Using Multi-level Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08587.pdf)
>  Segmentation from renal pathological images is a key step in automatic analyzing the renal histological characteristics. However, the performance of models varies significantly in different types of stained datasets due to the appearance variations. In this paper, we design a robust and flexible model for cross-stained segmentation. It is a novel multi-level deep adversarial network architecture that consists of three sub-networks: (i) a segmentation network; (ii) a pair of multi-level mirrored discriminators for guiding the segmentation network to extract domain-invariant features; (iii) a shape discriminator that is utilized to further identify the output of the segmentation network and the ground truth. Experimental results on glomeruli segmentation from renal biopsy images indicate that our network is able to improve segmentation performance on target type of stained images and use unlabeled data to achieve similar accuracy to labeled data. In addition, this method can be easily applied to other tasks. 
### 40.Deep Fusion of Local and Non-Local Features for Precision Landslide Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08547.pdf)
>  Precision mapping of landslide inventory is crucial for hazard mitigation. Most landslides generally co-exist with other confusing geological features, and the presence of such areas can only be inferred unambiguously at a large scale. In addition, local information is also important for the preservation of object boundaries. Aiming to solve this problem, this paper proposes an effective approach to fuse both local and non-local features to surmount the contextual problem. Built upon the U-Net architecture that is widely adopted in the remote sensing community, we utilize two additional modules. The first one uses dilated convolution and the corresponding atrous spatial pyramid pooling, which enlarged the receptive field without sacrificing spatial resolution or increasing memory usage. The second uses a scale attention mechanism to guide the up-sampling of features from the coarse level by a learned weight map. In implementation, the computational overhead against the original U-Net was only a few convolutional layers. Experimental evaluations revealed that the proposed method outperformed state-of-the-art general-purpose semantic segmentation approaches. Furthermore, ablation studies have shown that the two models afforded extensive enhancements in landslide-recognition performance. 
### 41.AdvMS: A Multi-source Multi-cost Defense Against Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08439.pdf)
>  Designing effective defense against adversarial attacks is a crucial topic as deep neural networks have been proliferated rapidly in many security-critical domains such as malware detection and self-driving cars. Conventional defense methods, although shown to be promising, are largely limited by their single-source single-cost nature: The robustness promotion tends to plateau when the defenses are made increasingly stronger while the cost tends to amplify. In this paper, we study principles of designing multi-source and multi-cost schemes where defense performance is boosted from multiple defending components. Based on this motivation, we propose a multi-source and multi-cost defense scheme, Adversarially Trained Model Switching (AdvMS), that inherits advantages from two leading schemes: adversarial training and random model switching. We show that the multi-source nature of AdvMS mitigates the performance plateauing issue and the multi-cost nature enables improving robustness at a flexible and adjustable combination of costs over different factors which can better suit specific restrictions and needs in practice. 
### 42.Fine tuning U-Net for ultrasound image segmentation: which layers?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08438.pdf)
>  Fine-tuning a network which has been trained on a large dataset is an alternative to full training in order to overcome the problem of scarce and expensive data in medical applications. While the shallow layers of the network are usually kept unchanged, deeper layers are modified according to the new dataset. This approach may not work for ultrasound images due to their drastically different appearance. In this study, we investigated the effect of fine-tuning different layers of a U-Net which was trained on segmentation of natural images in breast ultrasound image segmentation. Tuning the contracting part and fixing the expanding part resulted in substantially better results compared to fixing the contracting part and tuning the expanding part. Furthermore, we showed that starting to fine-tune the U-Net from the shallow layers and gradually including more layers will lead to a better performance compared to fine-tuning the network from the deep layers moving back to shallow layers. We did not observe the same results on segmentation of X-ray images, which have different salient features compared to ultrasound, it may therefore be more appropriate to fine-tune the shallow layers rather than deep layers. Shallow layers learn lower level features (including speckle pattern, and probably the noise and artifact properties) which are critical in automatic segmentation in this modality. 
### 43.Interactive Natural Language-based Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08434.pdf)
>  In this work, we consider the problem of searching people in an unconstrained environment, with natural language descriptions. Specifically, we study how to systematically design an algorithm to effectively acquire descriptions from humans. An algorithm is proposed by adapting models, used for visual and language understanding, to search a person of interest (POI) in a principled way, achieving promising results without the need to re-design another complicated model. We then investigate an iterative question-answering (QA) strategy that enable robots to request additional information about the POI's appearance from the user. To this end, we introduce a greedy algorithm to rank questions in terms of their significance, and equip the algorithm with the capability to dynamically adjust the length of human-robot interaction according to model's uncertainty. Our approach is validated not only on benchmark datasets but on a mobile robot, moving in a dynamic and crowded environment. 
### 44.T-Net: A Template-Supervised Network for Task-specific Feature Extraction in Biomedical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08406.pdf)
>  Existing deep learning methods depend on an encoder-decoder structure to learn feature representation from the segmentation annotation in biomedical image analysis. However, the effectiveness of feature extraction under this structure decreases due to the indirect optimization process, limited training data size, and simplex supervision method. In this paper, we propose a template-supervised network T-Net for task-specific feature extraction. Specifically, we first obtain templates from pixel-level annotations by down-sampling binary masks of recognition targets according to specific tasks. Then, we directly train the encoding network under the supervision of the derived task-specific templates. Finally, we combine the resulting encoding network with a posterior network for the specific task, e.g. an up-sampling network for segmentation or a region proposal network for detection. Extensive experiments on three public datasets (BraTS-17, MoNuSeg and IDRiD) show that T-Net achieves competitive results to the state-of-the-art methods and superior performance to an encoder-decoder based network. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first in-depth study to improve feature extraction by directly supervise the encoding network and by applying task-specific supervision in biomedical image analysis. 
### 45.Algorithm-hardware Co-design for Deformable Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.08357.pdf)
>  FPGAs provide a flexible and efficient platform to accelerate rapidly-changing algorithms for computer vision. The majority of existing work focuses on accelerating image classification, while other fundamental vision problems, including object detection and instance segmentation, have not been adequately addressed. Compared with image classification, detection problems are more sensitive to the spatial variance of objects, and therefore, require specialized convolutions to aggregate spatial information. To address this, recent work proposes dynamic deformable convolution to augment regular convolutions. Regular convolutions process a fixed grid of pixels across all the spatial locations in an image, while dynamic deformable convolutions may access arbitrary pixels in the image and the access pattern is input-dependent and varies per spatial location. These properties lead to inefficient memory accesses of inputs with existing hardware. In this work, we first investigate the overhead of the deformable convolution on embedded FPGA SoCs, and then show the accuracy-latency tradeoffs for a set of algorithm modifications including full versus depthwise, fixed-shape, and limited-range. These modifications benefit the energy efficiency for embedded devices in general as they reduce the compute complexity. We then build an efficient object detection network with modified deformable convolutions and quantize the network using state-of-the-art quantization methods. We implement a unified hardware engine on FPGA to support all the operations in the network. Preliminary experiments show that little accuracy is compromised and speedup can be achieved with our co-design optimization for the deformable convolution. 
