# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 7 Feb 2020
### 1.Reliability Validation of Learning Enabled Vehicle Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02424.pdf)
>  This paper studies the reliability of a real-world learning-enabled system, which conducts dynamic vehicle tracking based on a high-resolution wide-area motion imagery input. The system consists of multiple neural network components -- to process the imagery inputs -- and multiple symbolic (Kalman filter) components -- to analyse the processed information for vehicle tracking. It is known that neural networks suffer from adversarial examples, which make them lack robustness. However, it is unclear if and how the adversarial examples over learning components can affect the overall system-level reliability. By integrating a coverage-guided neural network testing tool, DeepConcolic, with the vehicle tracking system, we found that (1) the overall system can be resilient to some adversarial examples thanks to the existence of other components, and (2) the overall system presents an extra level of uncertainty which cannot be determined by analysing the deep learning components only. This research suggests the need for novel verification and validation methods for learning-enabled systems. 
### 2.Lane Boundary Geometry Extraction from Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02362.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving car is becoming more of a reality, as a key component,high-definition(HD) maps shows its value in both market place and industry. Even though HD maps generation from LiDAR or stereo/perspective imagery has achieved impressive success, its inherent defects cannot be ignored. In this paper, we proposal a novel method for Highway HD maps modeling using pixel-wise segmentation on satellite imagery and formalized hypotheses linking, which is cheaper and faster than current HD maps modeling approaches from LiDAR point cloud and perspective view imagery, and let it becomes an ideal complementary of state of the art. We also manual code/label an HD road model dataset as ground truth, aligned with Bing tile image server, to train, test and evaluate our methodology. This dataset will be publish at same time to contribute research in HD maps modeling from aerial imagery. 
### 3.Random VLAD based Deep Hashing for Efficient Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02333.pdf)
>  Image hash algorithms generate compact binary representations that can be quickly matched by Hamming distance, thus become an efficient solution for large-scale image retrieval. This paper proposes RV-SSDH, a deep image hash algorithm that incorporates the classical VLAD (vector of locally aggregated descriptors) architecture into neural networks. Specifically, a novel neural network component is formed by coupling a random VLAD layer with a latent hash layer through a transform layer. This component can be combined with convolutional layers to realize a hash algorithm. We implement RV-SSDH as a point-wise algorithm that can be efficiently trained by minimizing classification error and quantization loss. Comprehensive experiments show this new architecture significantly outperforms baselines such as NetVLAD and SSDH, and offers a cost-effective trade-off in the state-of-the-art. In addition, the proposed random VLAD layer leads to satisfactory accuracy with low complexity, thus shows promising potentials as an alternative to NetVLAD. 
### 4.Fine-Grained Urban Flow Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02318.pdf)
>  The ubiquitous deployment of monitoring devices in urban flow monitoring systems induces a significant cost for maintenance and operation. A technique is required to reduce the number of deployed devices, while preventing the degeneration of data accuracy and granularity. In this paper, we present an approach for inferring the real-time and fine-grained crowd flows throughout a city based on coarse-grained observations. This task exhibits two challenges: the spatial correlations between coarse- and fine-grained urban flows, and the complexities of external impacts. To tackle these issues, we develop a model entitled UrbanFM which consists of two major parts: 1) an inference network to generate fine-grained flow distributions from coarse-grained inputs that uses a feature extraction module and a novel distributional upsampling module; 2) a general fusion subnet to further boost the performance by considering the influence of different external factors. This structure provides outstanding effectiveness and efficiency for small scale upsampling. However, the single-pass upsampling used by UrbanFM is insufficient at higher upscaling rates. Therefore, we further present UrbanPy, a cascading model for progressive inference of fine-grained urban flows by decomposing the original tasks into multiple subtasks. Compared to UrbanFM, such an enhanced structure demonstrates favorable performance for larger-scale inference tasks. 
### 5.Person Re-identification by Contour Sketch under Moderate Clothing Change  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02295.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-id), the process of matching pedestrian images across different camera views, is an important task in visual surveillance. Substantial development of re-id has recently been observed, and the majority of existing models are largely dependent on color appearance and assume that pedestrians do not change their clothes across camera views. This limitation, however, can be an issue for re-id when tracking a person at different places and at different time if that person (e.g., a criminal suspect) changes his/her clothes, causing most existing methods to fail, since they are heavily relying on color appearance and thus they are inclined to match a person to another person wearing similar clothes. In this work, we call the person re-id under clothing change the "cross-clothes person re-id". In particular, we consider the case when a person only changes his clothes moderately as a first attempt at solving this problem based on visible light images; that is we assume that a person wears clothes of a similar thickness, and thus the shape of a person would not change significantly when the weather does not change substantially within a short period of time. We perform cross-clothes person re-id based on a contour sketch of person image to take advantage of the shape of the human body instead of color information for extracting features that are robust to moderate clothing change. Due to the lack of a large-scale dataset for cross-clothes person re-id, we contribute a new dataset that consists of 33698 images from 221 identities. Our experiments illustrate the challenges of cross-clothes person re-id and demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. 
### 6.Zero-Shot Activity Recognition with Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02265.pdf)
>  In this paper, we examined the zero-shot activity recognition task with the usage of videos. We introduce an auto-encoder based model to construct a multimodal joint embedding space between the visual and textual manifolds. On the visual side, we used activity videos and a state-of-the-art 3D convolutional action recognition network to extract the features. On the textual side, we worked with GloVe word embeddings. The zero-shot recognition results are evaluated by top-n accuracy. Then, the manifold learning ability is measured by mean Nearest Neighbor Overlap. In the end, we provide an extensive discussion over the results and the future directions. 
### 7.Looking GLAMORous: Vehicle Re-Id in Heterogeneous Cameras Networks with Global and Local Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02256.pdf)
>  Vehicle re-identification (re-id) is a fundamental problem for modern surveillance camera networks. Existing approaches for vehicle re-id utilize global features and local features for re-id by combining multiple subnetworks and losses. In this paper, we propose GLAMOR, or Global and Local Attention MOdules for Re-id. GLAMOR performs global and local feature extraction simultaneously in a unified model to achieve state-of-the-art performance in vehicle re-id across a variety of adversarial conditions and datasets (mAPs 80.34, 76.48, 77.15 on VeRi-776, VRIC, and VeRi-Wild, respectively). GLAMOR introduces several contributions: a better backbone construction method that outperforms recent approaches, group and layer normalization to address conflicting loss targets for re-id, a novel global attention module for global feature extraction, and a novel local attention module for self-guided part-based local feature extraction that does not require supervision. Additionally, GLAMOR is a compact and fast model that is 10x smaller while delivering 25% better performance. 
### 8.Unsupervised Bidirectional Cross-Modality Adaptation via Deeply Synergistic Image and Feature Alignment for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02255.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation has increasingly gained interest in medical image computing, aiming to tackle the performance degradation of deep neural networks when being deployed to unseen data with heterogeneous characteristics. In this work, we present a novel unsupervised domain adaptation framework, named as Synergistic Image and Feature Alignment (SIFA), to effectively adapt a segmentation network to an unlabeled target domain. Our proposed SIFA conducts synergistic alignment of domains from both image and feature perspectives. In particular, we simultaneously transform the appearance of images across domains and enhance domain-invariance of the extracted features by leveraging adversarial learning in multiple aspects and with a deeply supervised mechanism. The feature encoder is shared between both adaptive perspectives to leverage their mutual benefits via end-to-end learning. We have extensively evaluated our method with cardiac substructure segmentation and abdominal multi-organ segmentation for bidirectional cross-modality adaptation between MRI and CT images. Experimental results on two different tasks demonstrate that our SIFA method is effective in improving segmentation performance on unlabeled target images, and outperforms the state-of-the-art domain adaptation approaches by a large margin. 
### 9.RGB-based Semantic Segmentation Using Self-Supervised Depth Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02200.pdf)
>  Although well-known large-scale datasets, such as ImageNet, have driven image understanding forward, most of these datasets require extensive manual annotation and are thus not easily scalable. This limits the advancement of image understanding techniques. The impact of these large-scale datasets can be observed in almost every vision task and technique in the form of pre-training for initialization. In this work, we propose an easily scalable and self-supervised technique that can be used to pre-train any semantic RGB segmentation method. In particular, our pre-training approach makes use of automatically generated labels that can be obtained using depth sensors. These labels, denoted by HN-labels, represent different height and normal patches, which allow mining of local semantic information that is useful in the task of semantic RGB segmentation. We show how our proposed self-supervised pre-training with HN-labels can be used to replace ImageNet pre-training, while using 25x less images and without requiring any manual labeling. We pre-train a semantic segmentation network with our HN-labels, which resembles our final task more than pre-training on a less related task, e.g. classification with ImageNet. We evaluate on two datasets (NYUv2 and CamVid), and we show how the similarity in tasks is advantageous not only in speeding up the pre-training process, but also in achieving better final semantic segmentation accuracy than ImageNet pre-training 
### 10.Joint Deep Learning of Facial Expression Synthesis and Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02194.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning based facial expression recognition (FER) methods have attracted considerable attention and they usually require large-scale labelled training data. Nonetheless, the publicly available facial expression databases typically contain a small amount of labelled data. In this paper, to overcome the above issue, we propose a novel joint deep learning of facial expression synthesis and recognition method for effective FER. More specifically, the proposed method involves a two-stage learning procedure. Firstly, a facial expression synthesis generative adversarial network (FESGAN) is pre-trained to generate facial images with different facial expressions. To increase the diversity of the training images, FESGAN is elaborately designed to generate images with new identities from a prior distribution. Secondly, an expression recognition network is jointly learned with the pre-trained FESGAN in a unified framework. In particular, the classification loss computed from the recognition network is used to simultaneously optimize the performance of both the recognition network and the generator of FESGAN. Moreover, in order to alleviate the problem of data bias between the real images and the synthetic images, we propose an intra-class loss with a novel real data-guided back-propagation (RDBP) algorithm to reduce the intra-class variations of images from the same class, which can significantly improve the final performance. Extensive experimental results on public facial expression databases demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method compared with several state-of-the-art FER methods. 
### 11.Pose-Aware Instance Segmentation Framework from Cone Beam CT Images for Tooth Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02143.pdf)
>  Individual tooth segmentation from cone beam computed tomography (CBCT) images is an essential prerequisite for an anatomical understanding of orthodontic structures in several applications, such as tooth reformation planning and implant guide simulations. However, the presence of severe metal artifacts in CBCT images hinders the accurate segmentation of each individual tooth. In this study, we propose a neural network for pixel-wise labeling to exploit an instance segmentation framework that is robust to metal artifacts. Our method comprises of three steps: 1) image cropping and realignment by pose regressions, 2) metal-robust individual tooth detection, and 3) segmentation. We first extract the alignment information of the patient by pose regression neural networks to attain a volume-of-interest (VOI) region and realign the input image, which reduces the inter-overlapping area between tooth bounding boxes. Then, individual tooth regions are localized within a VOI realigned image using a convolutional detector. We improved the accuracy of the detector by employing non-maximum suppression and multiclass classification metrics in the region proposal network. Finally, we apply a convolutional neural network (CNN) to perform individual tooth segmentation by converting the pixel-wise labeling task to a distance regression task. Metal-intensive image augmentation is also employed for a robust segmentation of metal artifacts. The result shows that our proposed method outperforms other state-of-the-art methods, especially for teeth with metal artifacts. The primary significance of the proposed method is two-fold: 1) an introduction of pose-aware VOI realignment followed by a robust tooth detection and 2) a metal-robust CNN framework for accurate tooth segmentation. 
### 12.An Information-rich Sampling Technique over Spatio-Temporal CNN for Classification of Human Actions in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02100.pdf)
>  We propose a novel scheme for human action recognition in videos, using a 3-dimensional Convolutional Neural Network (3D CNN) based classifier. Traditionally in deep learning based human activity recognition approaches, either a few random frames or every $k^{th}$ frame of the video is considered for training the 3D CNN, where $k$ is a small positive integer, like 4, 5, or 6. This kind of sampling reduces the volume of the input data, which speeds-up training of the network and also avoids over-fitting to some extent, thus enhancing the performance of the 3D CNN model. In the proposed video sampling technique, consecutive $k$ frames of a video are aggregated into a single frame by computing a Gaussian-weighted summation of the $k$ frames. The resulting frame (aggregated frame) preserves the information in a better way than the conventional approaches and experimentally shown to perform better. In this letter, a 3D CNN architecture is proposed to extract the spatio-temporal features and follows Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) to recognize the human actions. The proposed 3D CNN architecture is capable of handling the videos where the camera is placed at a distance from the performer. Experiments are performed with KTH and WEIZMANN human actions datasets, whereby it is shown to produce comparable results with the state-of-the-art techniques. 
### 13.Forensic Scanner Identification Using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02079.pdf)
>  Due to the increasing availability and functionality of image editing tools, many forensic techniques such as digital image authentication, source identification and tamper detection are important for forensic image analysis. In this paper, we describe a machine learning based system to address the forensic analysis of scanner devices. The proposed system uses deep-learning to automatically learn the intrinsic features from various scanned images. Our experimental results show that high accuracy can be achieved for source scanner identification. The proposed system can also generate a reliability map that indicates the manipulated regions in an scanned image. 
### 14.Driver Gaze Estimation in the Real World: Overcoming the Eyeglass Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02077.pdf)
>  A driver's gaze is critical for determining the driver's attention level, state, situational awareness, and readiness to take over control from partially and fully automated vehicles. Tracking both the head and eyes (pupils) can provide reliable estimation of a driver's gaze using face images under ideal conditions. However, the vehicular environment introduces a variety of challenges that are usually unaccounted for - harsh illumination, nighttime conditions, and reflective/dark eyeglasses. Unfortunately, relying on head pose alone under such conditions can prove to be unreliable owing to significant eye movements. In this study, we offer solutions to address these problems encountered in the real world. To solve issues with lighting, we demonstrate that using an infrared camera with suitable equalization and normalization usually suffices. To handle eyeglasses and their corresponding artifacts, we adopt the idea of image-to-image translation using generative adversarial networks (GANs) to pre-process images prior to gaze estimation. To this end, we propose the Gaze Preserving CycleGAN (GPCycleGAN). As the name suggests, this network preserves the driver's gaze while removing potential eyeglasses from infrared face images. GPCycleGAN is based on the well-known CycleGAN approach, with the addition of a gaze classifier and a gaze consistency loss for additional supervision. Our approach exhibits improved performance and robustness on challenging real-world data spanning 13 subjects and a variety of driving conditions. 
### 15.Residual-Recursion Autoencoder for Shape Illustration Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02063.pdf)
>  Shape illustration images (SIIs) are common and important in describing the cross-sections of industrial products. Same as MNIST, the handwritten digit images, SIIs are gray or binary and containing shapes that are surrounded by large areas of blanks. In this work, Residual-Recursion Autoencoder (RRAE) has been proposed to extract low-dimensional features from SIIs while maintaining reconstruction accuracy as high as possible. RRAE will try to reconstruct the original image several times and recursively fill the latest residual image to the reserved channel of the encoder's input before the next trial of reconstruction. As a kind of neural network training framework, RRAE can wrap over other autoencoders and increase their performance. From experiment results, the reconstruction loss is decreased by 86.47% for convolutional autoencoder with high-resolution SIIs, 10.77% for variational autoencoder and 8.06% for conditional variational autoencoder with MNIST. 
### 16.Rotation-invariant Mixed Graphical Model Network for 2D Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02033.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new architecture named Rotation-invariant Mixed Graphical Model Network (R-MGMN) to solve the problem of 2D hand pose estimation from a monocular RGB image. By integrating a rotation net, the R-MGMN is invariant to rotations of the hand in the image. It also has a pool of graphical models, from which a combination of graphical models could be selected, conditioning on the input image. Belief propagation is performed on each graphical model separately, generating a set of marginal distributions, which are taken as the confidence maps of hand keypoint positions. Final confidence maps are obtained by aggregating these confidence maps together. We evaluate the R-MGMN on two public hand pose datasets. Experiment results show our model outperforms the state-of-the-art algorithm which is widely used in 2D hand pose estimation by a noticeable margin. 
### 17.3DPIFCM Segmentation Algorithm for brain MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.01985.pdf)
>  We present a novel algorithm named 3DPIFCM, for automatic segmentation of noisy MRI Brain images. The algorithm is an extension of a well-known IFCM (Improved Fuzzy Mean Clustering) algorithm. It performs fuzzy segmentation and introduces a fitness function that is affected by proximity of the voxels and by the color intensity in 3D images. The 3DPIFCM algorithm uses PSO (Particle Swarm Optimization) in order to optimize the fitness function. In addition, the 3DPIFCM uses 3D features of near voxels to better adjust the noisy artifacts. In our experiments, we evaluate 3DPIFCM on T1 Brainweb dataset with noise levels ranging from 1% to 20% and on a synthetic dataset with ground truth both in 3D. The analysis of the segmentation results shows a significant improvement in the segmentation quality of up to 28% compared to two generic variants in noisy images and up to 60% when compared to the original FCM (Fuzzy Mean Clustering). We conducted experiments with the parallel version of the algorithm to itself in CPU version and also to IFCMPSO (Improved Fuzzy Mean Clustering using Particle Swarm Optimization), GAIFCM (Genetic Algorithm Fuzzy Mean Clustering) which are genetic algorithm counterparts of the 3DPIFCM algorithm. Our purpose was to test for raw execution speed in seconds of each algorithm given the same hyper parameters and same server. Our speedup results show that the parallel version of the algorithm performs up to 27x faster than the original sequential version and 68x faster than GAIFCM algorithm. We show that the speedup of the parallel version increases as we increase the size of the image due to better utilization of cores in the GPU. Also, we show a speedup of up to 5x in our Brainweb experiment compared to other generic variants such as IFCMPSO and GAIFCM. 
### 18.Parallel 3DPIFCM Algorithm for Noisy Brain MRI Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.01981.pdf)
>  In this paper we implemented the algorithm we developed in [1] called 3DPIFCM in a parallel environment by using CUDA on a GPU. In our previous work we introduced 3DPIFCM which performs segmentation of images in noisy conditions and uses particle swarm optimization for finding the optimal algorithm parameters to account for noise. This algorithm achieved state of the art segmentation accuracy when compared to FCM (Fuzzy C-Means), IFCMPSO (Improved Fuzzy C-Means with Particle Swarm Optimization), GAIFCM (Genetic Algorithm Improved Fuzzy C-Means) on noisy MRI images of an adult Brain. <br>When using a genetic algorithm or PSO (Particle Swarm Optimization) on a single machine for optimization we witnessed long execution times for practical clinical usage. Therefore, in the current paper our goal was to speed up the execution of 3DPIFCM by taking out parts of the algorithm and executing them as kernels on a GPU. The algorithm was implemented using the CUDA [13] framework from NVIDIA and experiments where performed on a server containing 64GB RAM , 8 cores and a TITAN X GPU with 3072 SP cores and 12GB of GPU memory. <br>Our results show that the parallel version of the algorithm performs up to 27x faster than the original sequential version and 68x faster than GAIFCM algorithm. We show that the speedup of the parallel version increases as we increase the size of the image due to better utilization of cores in the GPU. Also, we show a speedup of up to 5x in our Brainweb experiment compared to other generic variants such as IFCMPSO and GAIFCM. 
### 19.StegColNet: Steganalysis based on an ensemble colorspace approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02413.pdf)
>  Image steganography refers to the process of hiding information inside images. Steganalysis is the process of detecting a steganographic image. We introduce a steganalysis approach that uses an ensemble color space model to obtain a weighted concatenated feature activation map. The concatenated map helps to obtain certain features explicit to each color space. We use a levy-flight grey wolf optimization strategy to reduce the number of features selected in the map. We then use these features to classify the image into one of two classes: whether the given image has secret information stored or not. Extensive experiments have been done on a large scale dataset extracted from the Bossbase dataset. Also, we show that the model can be transferred to different datasets and perform extensive experiments on a mixture of datasets. Our results show that the proposed approach outperforms the recent state of the art deep learning steganalytical approaches by 2.32 percent on average for 0.2 bits per channel (bpc) and 1.87 percent on average for 0.4 bpc. 
### 20.Covering the News with (AI) Style  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02369.pdf)
>  We introduce a multi-modal discriminative and generative frame-work capable of assisting humans in producing visual content re-lated to a given theme, starting from a collection of documents(textual, visual, or both). This framework can be used by edit or to generate images for articles, as well as books or music album covers. Motivated by a request from the The New York Times (NYT) seeking help to use AI to create art for their special section on Artificial Intelligence, we demonstrated the application of our system in producing such image. 
### 21.VGAI: A Vision-Based Decentralized Controller Learning Framework for Robot Swarms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02308.pdf)
>  Despite the popularity of decentralized controller learning, very few successes have been demonstrated on learning to control large robot swarms using raw visual observations. To fill in this gap, we present Vision-based Graph Aggregation and Inference (VGAI), a decentralized learning-to-control framework that directly maps raw visual observations to agent actions, aided by sparse local communication among only neighboring agents. Our framework is implemented by an innovative cascade of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and one graph neural network (GNN), addressing agent-level visual perception and feature learning, as well as swarm-level local information aggregation and agent action inference, respectively. Using the application example of drone flocking, we show that VGAI yields comparable or more competitive performance with other decentralized controllers, and even the centralized controller that learns from global information. Especially, it shows substantial scalability to learn over large swarms (e.g., 50 agents), thanks to the integration between visual perception and local communication. 
### 22.From Data to Actions in Intelligent Transportation Systems: a Prescription of Functional Requirements for Model Actionability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02210.pdf)
>  Advances in Data Science are lately permeating every field of Transportation Science and Engineering, making it straightforward to imagine that developments in the transportation sector will be data-driven. Nowadays, Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) could be arguably approached as a "story" intensively producing and consuming large amounts of data. A diversity of sensing devices densely spread over the infrastructure, vehicles or the travelers' personal devices act as sources of data flows that are eventually fed to software running on automatic devices, actuators or control systems producing, in turn, complex information flows between users, traffic managers, data analysts, traffic modeling scientists, etc. These information flows provide enormous opportunities to improve model development and decision-making. The present work aims to describe how data, coming from diverse ITS sources, can be used to learn and adapt data-driven models for efficiently operating ITS assets, systems and processes; in other words, for data-based models to fully become actionable. Grounded on this described data modeling pipeline for ITS, we define the characteristics, engineering requisites and challenges intrinsic to its three compounding stages, namely, data fusion, adaptive learning and model evaluation. We deliberately generalize model learning to be adaptive, since, in the core of our paper is the firm conviction that most learners will have to adapt to the everchanging phenomenon scenario underlying the majority of ITS applications. Finally, we provide a prospect of current research lines within the Data Science realm that can bring notable advances to data-based ITS modeling, which will eventually bridge the gap towards the practicality and actionability of such models. 
### 23.Unbalanced GANs: Pre-training the Generator of Generative Adversarial Network using Variational Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02112.pdf)
>  We propose Unbalanced GANs, which pre-trains the generator of the generative adversarial network (GAN) using variational autoencoder (VAE). We guarantee the stable training of the generator by preventing the faster convergence of the discriminator at early epochs. Furthermore, we balance between the generator and the discriminator at early epochs and thus maintain the stabilized training of GANs. We apply Unbalanced GANs to well known public datasets and find that Unbalanced GANs reduce mode collapses. We also show that Unbalanced GANs outperform ordinary GANs in terms of stabilized learning, faster convergence and better image quality at early epochs. 
### 24.Brain Tumor Segmentation by Cascaded Deep Neural Networks Using Multiple Image Scales  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.01975.pdf)
>  Intracranial tumors are groups of cells that usually grow uncontrollably. One out of four cancer deaths is due to brain tumors. Early detection and evaluation of brain tumors is an essential preventive medical step that is performed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Many segmentation techniques exist for this purpose. Low segmentation accuracy is the main drawback of existing methods. In this paper, we use a deep learning method to boost the accuracy of tumor segmentation in MR images. Cascade approach is used with multiple scales of images to induce both local and global views and help the network to reach higher accuracies. Our experimental results show that using multiple scales and the utilization of two cascade networks is advantageous. 
### 25.Crowdsourcing the Perception of Machine Teaching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.01618.pdf)
>  Teachable interfaces can empower end-users to attune machine learning systems to their idiosyncratic characteristics and environment by explicitly providing pertinent training examples. While facilitating control, their effectiveness can be hindered by the lack of expertise or misconceptions. We investigate how users may conceptualize, experience, and reflect on their engagement in machine teaching by deploying a mobile teachable testbed in Amazon Mechanical Turk. Using a performance-based payment scheme, Mechanical Turkers (N = 100) are called to train, test, and re-train a robust recognition model in real-time with a few snapshots taken in their environment. We find that participants incorporate diversity in their examples drawing from parallels to how humans recognize objects independent of size, viewpoint, location, and illumination. Many of their misconceptions relate to consistency and model capabilities for reasoning. With limited variation and edge cases in testing, the majority of them do not change strategies on a second training attempt. 
