# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 26 Feb 2020
### 1.Toward fast and accurate human pose estimation via soft-gated skip connections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.11098.pdf)
>  This paper is on highly accurate and highly efficient human pose estimation. Recent works based on Fully Convolutional Networks (FCNs) have demonstrated excellent results for this difficult problem. While residual connections within FCNs have proved to be quintessential for achieving high accuracy, we re-analyze this design choice in the context of improving both the accuracy and the efficiency over the state-of-the-art. In particular, we make the following contributions: (a) We propose gated skip connections with per-channel learnable parameters to control the data flow for each channel within the module within the macro-module. (b) We introduce a hybrid network that combines the HourGlass and U-Net architectures which minimizes the number of identity connections within the network and increases the performance for the same parameter budget. Our model achieves state-of-the-art results on the MPII and LSP datasets. In addition, with a reduction of 3x in model size and complexity, we show no decrease in performance when compared to the original HourGlass network. 
### 2.Model Watermarking for Image Processing Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.11088.pdf)
>  Deep learning has achieved tremendous success in numerous industrial applications. As training a good model often needs massive high-quality data and computation resources, the learned models often have significant business values. However, these valuable deep models are exposed to a huge risk of infringements. For example, if the attacker has the full information of one target model including the network structure and weights, the model can be easily finetuned on new datasets. Even if the attacker can only access the output of the target model, he/she can still train another similar surrogate model by generating a large scale of input-output training pairs. How to protect the intellectual property of deep models is a very important but seriously under-researched problem. There are a few recent attempts at classification network protection only. In this paper, we propose the first model watermarking framework for protecting image processing models. To achieve this goal, we leverage the spatial invisible watermarking mechanism. Specifically, given a black-box target model, a unified and invisible watermark is hidden into its outputs, which can be regarded as a special task-agnostic barrier. In this way, when the attacker trains one surrogate model by using the input-output pairs of the target model, the hidden watermark will be learned and extracted afterward. To enable watermarks from binary bits to high-resolution images, both traditional and deep spatial invisible watermarking mechanism are considered. Experiments demonstrate the robustness of the proposed watermarking mechanism, which can resist surrogate models learned with different network structures and objective functions. Besides deep models, the proposed method is also easy to be extended to protect data and traditional image processing algorithms. 
### 3.DDet: Dual-path Dynamic Enhancement Network for Real-World Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.11079.pdf)
>  Different from traditional image super-resolution task, real image super-resolution(Real-SR) focus on the relationship between real-world high-resolution(HR) and low-resolution(LR) image. Most of the traditional image SR obtains the LR sample by applying a fixed down-sampling operator. Real-SR obtains the LR and HR image pair by incorporating different quality optical sensors. Generally, Real-SR has more challenges as well as broader application scenarios. Previous image SR methods fail to exhibit similar performance on Real-SR as the image data is not aligned inherently. In this article, we propose a Dual-path Dynamic Enhancement Network(DDet) for Real-SR, which addresses the cross-camera image mapping by realizing a dual-way dynamic sub-pixel weighted aggregation and refinement. Unlike conventional methods which stack up massive convolutional blocks for feature representation, we introduce a content-aware framework to study non-inherently aligned image pair in image SR issue. First, we use a content-adaptive component to exhibit the Multi-scale Dynamic Attention(MDA). Second, we incorporate a long-term skip connection with a Coupled Detail Manipulation(CDM) to perform collaborative compensation and manipulation. The above dual-path model is joint into a unified model and works collaboratively. Extensive experiments on the challenging benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our model. 
### 4.Ground Texture Based Localization Using Compact Binary Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.11061.pdf)
>  Ground texture based localization is a promising approach to achieve high-accuracy positioning of vehicles. We present a self-contained method that can be used for global localization as well as for subsequent local localization updates, i.e. it allows a robot to localize without any knowledge of its current whereabouts, but it can also take advantage of a prior pose estimate to reduce computation time significantly. Our method is based on a novel matching strategy, which we call identity matching, that is based on compact binary feature descriptors. Identity matching treats pairs of features as matches only if their descriptors are identical. While other methods for global localization are faster to compute, our method reaches higher localization success rates, and can switch to local localization after the initial localization. 
### 5.See, Attend and Brake: An Attention-based Saliency Map Prediction Model for End-to-End Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.11020.pdf)
>  Visual perception is the most critical input for driving decisions. In this study, our aim is to understand relationship between saliency and driving decisions. We present a novel attention-based saliency map prediction model for making braking decisions This approach constructs a holistic model to the driving task and can be extended for other driving decisions like steering and acceleration. The proposed model is a deep neural network model that feeds extracted features from input image to a recurrent neural network with an attention mechanism. Then predicted saliency map is used to make braking decision. We trained and evaluated using driving attention dataset BDD-A, and saliency dataset CAT2000. 
### 6.A Deep Learning Framework for Simulation and Defect Prediction Applied in Microelectronics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10986.pdf)
>  The prediction of upcoming events in industrial processes has been a long-standing research goal since it enables optimization of manufacturing parameters, planning of equipment maintenance and more importantly prediction and eventually prevention of defects. While existing approaches have accomplished substantial progress, they are mostly limited to processing of one dimensional signals or require parameter tuning to model environmental parameters. In this paper, we propose an alternative approach based on deep neural networks that simulates changes in the 3D structure of a monitored object in a batch based on previous 3D measurements. In particular, we propose an architecture based on 3D Convolutional Neural Networks (3DCNN) in order to model the geometric variations in manufacturing parameters and predict upcoming events related to sub-optimal performance. We validate our framework on a microelectronics use-case using the recently published PCB scans dataset where we simulate changes on the shape and volume of glue deposited on an Liquid Crystal Polymer (LCP) substrate before the attachment of integrated circuits (IC). Experimental evaluation examines the impact of different choices in the cost function during training and shows that the proposed method can be efficiently used for defect prediction. 
### 7.MagnifierNet: Towards Semantic Regularization and Fusion for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10979.pdf)
>  Although person re-identification (ReID) has achieved significant improvement recently by enforcing part alignment, it is still a challenging task when it comes to distinguishing visually similar identities or identifying occluded person. In these scenarios, magnifying details in each part features and selectively fusing them together may provide a feasible solution. In this paper, we propose MagnifierNet, a novel network which accurately mines details for each semantic region and selectively fuse all semantic feature representations. Apart from conventional global branch, our proposed network is composed of a Semantic Regularization Branch (SRB) as learning regularizer and a Semantic Fusion Branch (SFB) towards selectively semantic fusion. The SRB learns with limited number of semantic regions randomly sampled in each batch, which forces the network to learn detailed representation for each semantic region, and the SFB selectively fuses semantic region information in a sequential manner, focusing on beneficial information while neglecting irrelevant features or noises. In addition, we introduce a novel loss function "Semantic Diversity Loss" (SD Loss) to facilitate feature diversity and improves regularization among all semantic regions. State-of-the-art performance has been achieved on multiple datasets by large margins. Notably, we improve SOTA on CUHK03-Labeled Dataset by 12.6% in mAP and 8.9% in Rank-1. We also outperform existing works on CUHK03-Detected Dataset by 13.2% in mAP and 7.8% in Rank-1 respectively, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our method. 
### 8.Fault Diagnosis in Microelectronics Attachment via Deep Learning Analysis of 3D Laser Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10974.pdf)
>  A common source of defects in manufacturing miniature Printed Circuits Boards (PCB) is the attachment of silicon die or other wire bondable components on a Liquid Crystal Polymer (LCP) substrate. Typically, a conductive glue is dispensed prior to attachment with defects caused either by insufficient or excessive glue. The current practice in electronics industry is to examine the deposited glue by a human operator a process that is both time consuming and inefficient especially in preproduction runs where the error rate is high. In this paper we propose a system that automates fault diagnosis by accurately estimating the volume of glue deposits before and even after die attachment. To this end a modular scanning system is deployed that produces high resolution point clouds whereas the actual estimation of glue volume is performed by (R)egression-Net (RNet), a 3D Convolutional Neural Network (3DCNN). RNet outperforms other deep architectures and is able to estimate the volume either directly from the point cloud of a glue deposit or more interestingly after die attachment when only a small part of glue is visible around each die. The entire methodology is evaluated under operational conditions where the proposed system achieves accurate results without delaying the manufacturing process. 
### 9.Freeze Discriminator: A Simple Baseline for Fine-tuning GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10964.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have shown outstanding performance on a broad range of computer vision problems, but often require enormous training data and computational resources. Several works propose a transfer learning scheme to handle this issue, but they are prone to overfitting or too restrictive to learn the distribution shift. In this paper, we find that simply fine-tuning the networks while freezing the lower layers of the discriminator surprisingly works well. The simple baseline, freeze $D$, significantly outperforms the prior methods in both unconditional and conditional GANs, under StyleGAN and SNGAN-projection architectures and Animal Face, Anime Face, Oxford Flower, CUB-200-2011, and Caltech-256 datasets. Code and results are available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sangwoomo/freezeD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Online Semantic Exploration of Indoor Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10939.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a method to extract an abstracted floor plan from typical grid maps using Bayesian reasoning. The result of this procedure is a probabilistic generative model of the environment defined over abstract concepts. It is well suited for higher-level reasoning and communication purposes. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach through real-world experiments. 
### 11.Applying Rule-Based Context Knowledge to Build Abstract Semantic Maps of Indoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10938.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a generalizable method that systematically combines data driven MCMC samplingand inference using rule-based context knowledge for data abstraction. In particular, we demonstrate the usefulness of our method in the scenario of building abstract semantic maps for indoor environments. The product of our system is a parametric abstract model of the perceived environment that not only accurately represents the geometry of the environment but also provides valuable abstract information which benefits high-level robotic applications. Based on predefined abstract terms,such as type and relation, we define task-specific context knowledge as descriptive rules in Markov Logic Networks. The corresponding inference results are used to construct a priordistribution that aims to add reasonable constraints to the solution space of semantic maps. In addition, by applying a semantically annotated sensor model, we explicitly use context information to interpret the sensor data. Experiments on real world data show promising results and thus confirm the usefulness of our system. 
### 12.Fully Convolutional Neural Networks for Raw Eye Tracking Data Segmentation, Generation, and Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10905.pdf)
>  In this paper, we use fully convolutional neural networks for the semantic segmentation of eye tracking data. We also use these networks for reconstruction, and in conjunction with a variational auto-encoder to generate eye movement data. The first improvement of our approach is that no input window is necessary, due to the use of fully convolutional networks and therefore any input size can be processed directly. The second improvement is that the used and generated data is raw eye tracking data (position X, Y and time) without preprocessing. This is achieved by pre-initializing the filters in the first layer and by building the input tensor along the z axis. We evaluated our approach on three publicly available datasets and compare the results to the state of the art. 
### 13.3D-MiniNet: Learning a 2D Representation from Point Clouds for Fast and Efficient 3D LIDAR Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10893.pdf)
>  LIDAR semantic segmentation, which assigns a semantic label to each 3D point measured by the LIDAR, is becoming an essential task for many robotic applications such as autonomous driving. Fast and efficient semantic segmentation methods are needed to match the strong computational and temporal restrictions of many of these real-world applications. <br>This work presents 3D-MiniNet, a novel approach for LIDAR semantic segmentation that combines 3D and 2D learning layers. It first learns a 2D representation from the raw points through a novel projection which extracts local and global information from the 3D data. This representation is fed to an efficient 2D Fully Convolutional Neural Network (FCNN) that produces a 2D semantic segmentation. These 2D semantic labels are re-projected back to the 3D space and enhanced through a post-processing module. The main novelty in our strategy relies on the projection learning module. Our detailed ablation study shows how each component contributes to the final performance of 3D-MiniNet. We validate our approach on well known public benchmarks (SemanticKITTI and KITTI), where 3D-MiniNet gets state-of-the-art results while being faster and more parameter-efficient than previous methods. 
### 14.PointAugment: an Auto-Augmentation Framework for Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10876.pdf)
>  We present PointAugment, a new auto-augmentation framework that automatically optimizes and augments point cloud samples to enrich the data diversity when we train a classification network. Different from existing auto-augmentation methods for 2D images, PointAugment is sample-aware and takes an adversarial learning strategy to jointly optimize an augmentor network and a classifier network, such that the augmentor can learn to produce augmented samples that best fit the classifier. Moreover, we formulate a learnable point augmentation function with a shape-wise transformation and a point-wise displacement, and carefully design loss functions to adopt the augmented samples based on the learning progress of the classifier. Extensive experiments also confirm PointAugment's effectiveness and robustness to improve the performance of various networks on shape classification and retrieval. 
### 15.Cross-layer Feature Pyramid Network for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10864.pdf)
>  Feature pyramid network (FPN) based models, which fuse the semantics and salient details in a progressive manner, have been proven highly effective in salient object detection. However, it is observed that these models often generate saliency maps with incomplete object structures or unclear object boundaries, due to the \emph{indirect} information propagation among distant layers that makes such fusion structure less effective. In this work, we propose a novel Cross-layer Feature Pyramid Network (CFPN), in which direct cross-layer communication is enabled to improve the progressive fusion in salient object detection. Specifically, the proposed network first aggregates multi-scale features from different layers into feature maps that have access to both the high- and low-level information. Then, it distributes the aggregated features to all the involved layers to gain access to richer context. In this way, the distributed features per layer own both semantics and salient details from all other layers simultaneously, and suffer reduced loss of important information. Extensive experimental results over six widely used salient object detection benchmarks and with three popular backbones clearly demonstrate that CFPN can accurately locate fairly complete salient regions and effectively segment the object boundaries. 
### 16.Circle Loss: A Unified Perspective of Pair Similarity Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10857.pdf)
>  This paper provides a pair similarity optimization viewpoint on deep feature learning, aiming to maximize the within-class similarity $s_p$ and minimize the between-class similarity $s_n$. We find a majority of loss functions, including the triplet loss and the softmax plus cross-entropy loss, embed $s_n$ and $s_p$ into similarity pairs and seek to reduce $(s_n-s_p)$. Such an optimization manner is inflexible, because the penalty strength on every single similarity score is restricted to be equal. Our intuition is that if a similarity score deviates far from the optimum, it should be emphasized. To this end, we simply re-weight each similarity to highlight the less-optimized similarity scores. It results in a Circle loss, which is named due to its circular decision boundary. The Circle loss has a unified formula for two elemental deep feature learning approaches, i.e. learning with class-level labels and pair-wise labels. Analytically, we show that the Circle loss offers a more flexible optimization approach towards a more definite convergence target, compared with the loss functions optimizing $(s_n-s_p)$. Experimentally, we demonstrate the superiority of the Circle loss on a variety of deep feature learning tasks. On face recognition, person re-identification, as well as several fine-grained image retrieval datasets, the achieved performance is on par with the state of the art. 
### 17.Optimal least-squares solution to the hand-eye calibration problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10838.pdf)
>  We propose a least-squares formulation to the noisy hand-eye calibration problem using dual-quaternions, and introduce efficient algorithms to find the exact optimal solution, based on analytic properties of the problem, avoiding non-linear optimization. We further present simple analytic approximate solutions which provide remarkably good estimations compared to the exact solution. In addition, we show how to generalize our solution to account for a given extrinsic prior in the cost function. To the best of our knowledge our algorithm is the most efficient approach to optimally solve the hand-eye calibration problem. 
### 18.Deep Representation Learning on Long-tailed Data: A Learnable Embedding Augmentation Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10826.pdf)
>  This paper considers learning deep features from long-tailed data. We observe that in the deep feature space, the head classes and the tail classes present different distribution patterns. The head classes have a relatively large spatial span, while the tail classes have significantly small spatial span, due to the lack of intra-class diversity. This uneven distribution between head and tail classes distorts the overall feature space, which compromises the discriminative ability of the learned features. Intuitively, we seek to expand the distribution of the tail classes by transferring from the head classes, so as to alleviate the distortion of the feature space. To this end, we propose to construct each feature into a "feature cloud". If a sample belongs to a tail class, the corresponding feature cloud will have relatively large distribution range, in compensation to its lack of diversity. It allows each tail sample to push the samples from other classes far away, recovering the intra-class diversity of tail classes. Extensive experimental evaluations on person re-identification and face recognition tasks confirm the effectiveness of our method. 
### 19.Exploring Learning Dynamics of DNNs via Layerwise Conditioning Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10801.pdf)
>  Conditioning analysis uncovers the landscape of optimization objective by exploring the spectrum of its curvature matrix. It is well explored theoretically for linear models. We extend this analysis to deep neural networks (DNNs). To this end, we propose a layer-wise conditioning analysis that explores the optimization landscape with respect to each layer independently. Such an analysis is theoretically supported under mild assumptions that approximately hold in practice. Based on our analysis, we show that batch normalization (BN) can adjust the magnitude of the layer activations/gradients, and thus stabilizes the training. However, such a stabilization can result in a false impression of a local minimum, which sometimes has detrimental effects on the learning. Besides, we experimentally observe that BN can improve the layer-wise conditioning of the optimization problem. Finally, we observe that the last linear layer of very deep residual network has ill-conditioned behavior during training. We solve this problem by only adding one BN layer before the last linear layer, which achieves improved performance over the original residual networks, especially when the networks are deep. 
### 20.Fully-automated Body Composition Analysis in Routine CT Imaging Using 3D Semantic Segmentation Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10776.pdf)
>  Body tissue composition is a long-known biomarker with high diagnostic and prognostic value in cardiovascular, oncological and orthopaedic diseases, but also in rehabilitation medicine or drug dosage. In this study, the aim was to develop a fully automated, reproducible and quantitative 3D volumetry of body tissue composition from standard CT examinations of the abdomen in order to be able to offer such valuable biomarkers as part of routine clinical imaging. Therefore an in-house dataset of 40 CTs for training and 10 CTs for testing were fully annotated on every fifth axial slice with five different semantic body regions: abdominal cavity, bones, muscle, subcutaneous tissue, and thoracic cavity. Multi-resolution U-Net 3D neural networks were employed for segmenting these body regions, followed by subclassifying adipose tissue and muscle using known hounsfield unit limits. The Sørensen Dice scores averaged over all semantic regions was 0.9553 and the intra-class correlation coefficients for subclassified tissues were above 0.99. Our results show that fully-automated body composition analysis on routine CT imaging can provide stable biomarkers across the whole abdomen and not just on L3 slices, which is historically the reference location for analysing body composition in the clinical routine. 
### 21.ScopeFlow: Dynamic Scene Scoping for Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10770.pdf)
>  We propose to modify the common training protocols of optical flow, leading to sizable accuracy improvements without adding to the computational complexity of the training process. The improvement is based on observing the bias in sampling challenging data that exists in the current training protocol, and improving the sampling process. In addition, we find that both regularization and augmentation should decrease during the training protocol. <br>Using a low parameters off-the-shelf model, the method is ranked first on the MPI Sintel benchmark among all other methods, improving the best two frames method accuracy by more than 10%. The method also surpasses all similar architecture variants by more than 12% and 19.7% on the KITTI benchmarks, achieving the lowest Average End-Point Error on KITTI2012 among two-frame methods, without using extra datasets. 
### 22.MPM: Joint Representation of Motion and Position Map for Cell Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10749.pdf)
>  Conventional cell tracking methods detect multiple cellsin each frame (detection) and then associate the detec-tion results in successive time-frames (association). Mostcell tracking methods perform the association task indepen-dently from the detection task. However, there is no guar-antee of preserving coherence between these tasks, and lackof coherence may adversely affect tracking performance. Inthis paper, we propose the Motion and Position Map (MPM)that jointly represents both detection and association for notonly migration but also cell division. It guarantees coher-ence such that if a cell is detected, the corresponding mo-tion flow can always be obtained. It is a simple but powerfulmethod for multi-object tracking in dense environments. Wecompared the proposed method with current tracking meth-ods under various conditions in real biological images andfound that it outperformed the state-of-the-art (+5.2% im-provement compared to the second-best). 
### 23.FPConv: Learning Local Flattening for Point Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10701.pdf)
>  We introduce FPConv, a novel surface-style convolution operator designed for 3D point cloud analysis. Unlike previous methods, FPConv doesn't require transforming to intermediate representation like 3D grid or graph and directly works on surface geometry of point cloud. To be more specific, for each point, FPConv performs a local flattening by automatically learning a weight map to softly project surrounding points onto a 2D grid. Regular 2D convolution can thus be applied for efficient feature learning. FPConv can be easily integrated into various network architectures for tasks like 3D object classification and 3D scene segmentation, and achieve compatible performance with existing volumetric-type convolutions. More importantly, our experiments also show that FPConv can be a complementary of volumetric convolutions and jointly training them can further boost overall performance into state-of-the-art results. 
### 24.Hierarchical Conditional Relation Networks for Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10698.pdf)
>  Video question answering (VideoQA) is challenging as it requires modeling capacity to distill dynamic visual artifacts and distant relations and to associate them with linguistic concepts. We introduce a general-purpose reusable neural unit called Conditional Relation Network (CRN) that serves as a building block to construct more sophisticated structures for representation and reasoning over video. CRN takes as input an array of tensorial objects and a conditioning feature, and computes an array of encoded output objects. Model building becomes a simple exercise of replication, rearrangement and stacking of these reusable units for diverse modalities and contextual information. This design thus supports high-order relational and multi-step reasoning. The resulting architecture for VideoQA is a CRN hierarchy whose branches represent sub-videos or clips, all sharing the same question as the contextual condition. Our evaluations on well-known datasets achieved new SoTA results, demonstrating the impact of building a general-purpose reasoning unit on complex domains such as VideoQA. 
### 25.Globally Optimal Contrast Maximisation for Event-based Motion Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10686.pdf)
>  Contrast maximisation estimates the motion captured in an event stream by maximising the sharpness of the motion compensated event image. To carry out contrast maximisation, many previous works employ iterative optimisation algorithms, such as conjugate gradient, which require good initialisation to avoid converging to bad local minima. To alleviate this weakness, we propose a new globally optimal event-based motion estimation algorithm. Based on branch-and-bound (BnB), our method solves rotational (3DoF) motion estimation on event streams, which supports practical applications such as video stabilisation and attitude estimation. Underpinning our method are novel bounding functions for contrast maximisation, whose theoretical validity is rigorously established. We show concrete examples from public datasets where globally optimal solutions are vital to the success of contrast maximisation. Despite its exact nature, our algorithm is currently able to process a 50,000 event input in 300 seconds (a locally optimal solver takes 30 seconds on the same input), and has the potential to be further speeded-up using GPUs. 
### 26.Towards Better Surgical Instrument Segmentation in Endoscopic Vision: Multi-Angle Feature Aggregation and Contour Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10675.pdf)
>  Accurate and real-time surgical instrument segmentation is important in the endoscopic vision of robot-assisted surgery, and significant challenges are posed by frequent instrument-tissue contacts and continuous change of observation perspective. For these challenging tasks more and more deep neural networks (DNN) models are designed in recent years. We are motivated to propose a general embeddable approach to improve these current DNN segmentation models without increasing the model parameter number. Firstly, observing the limited rotation-invariance performance of DNN, we proposed the Multi-Angle Feature Aggregation (MAFA) method, lever-aging active image rotation to gain richer visual cues and make the prediction more robust to instrument orientation changes. Secondly, in the end-to-end training stage, the auxiliary contour supervision is utilized to guide the model to learn the boundary awareness, so that the contour shape of segmentation mask is more precise. The effectiveness of the proposed methods is validated with ablation experiments con-ducted on novel Sinus-Surgery datasets. 
### 27.Copy and Paste GAN: Face Hallucination from Shaded Thumbnails  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10650.pdf)
>  Existing face hallucination methods based on convolutional neural networks (CNN) have achieved impressive performance on low-resolution (LR) faces in a normal illumination condition. However, their performance degrades dramatically when LR faces are captured in low or non-uniform illumination conditions. This paper proposes a Copy and Paste Generative Adversarial Network (CPGAN) to recover authentic high-resolution (HR) face images while compensating for low and non-uniform illumination. To this end, we develop two key components in our CPGAN: internal and external Copy and Paste nets (CPnets). Specifically, our internal CPnet exploits facial information residing in the input image to enhance facial details; while our external CPnet leverages an external HR face for illumination compensation. A new illumination compensation loss is thus developed to capture illumination from the external guided face image effectively. Furthermore, our method offsets illumination and upsamples facial details alternately in a coarse-to-fine fashion, thus alleviating the correspondence ambiguity between LR inputs and external HR inputs. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method manifests authentic HR face images in a uniform illumination condition and outperforms state-of-the-art methods qualitatively and quantitatively. 
### 28.Towards Learning a Generic Agent for Vision-and-Language Navigation via Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10638.pdf)
>  Learning to navigate in a visual environment following natural-language instructions is a challenging task, because the multimodal inputs to the agent are highly variable, and the training data on a new task is often limited. In this paper, we present the first pre-training and fine-tuning paradigm for vision-and-language navigation (VLN) tasks. By training on a large amount of image-text-action triplets in a self-supervised learning manner, the pre-trained model provides generic representations of visual environments and language instructions. It can be easily used as a drop-in for existing VLN frameworks, leading to the proposed agent called Prevalent. It learns more effectively in new tasks and generalizes better in a previously unseen environment. The performance is validated on three VLN tasks. On the Room-to-Room benchmark, our model improves the state-of-the-art from 47% to 51% on success rate weighted by path length. Further, the learned representation is transferable to other VLN tasks. On two recent tasks, vision-and-dialog navigation and ``Help, Anna!'' the proposed Prevalent leads to significant improvement over existing methods, achieving a new state of the art. 
### 29.Fast Loop Closure Detection via Binary Content  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10622.pdf)
>  Loop closure detection plays an important role in reducing localization drift in Simultaneous Localization And Mapping (SLAM). It aims to find repetitive scenes from historical data to reset localization. To tackle the loop closure problem, existing methods often leverage on the matching of visual features, which achieve good accuracy but require high computational resources. However, feature point based methods ignore the patterns of image, i.e., the shape of the objects as well as the distribution of objects in an image. It is believed that this information is usually unique for a scene and can be utilized to improve the performance of traditional loop closure detection methods. In this paper we leverage and compress the information into a binary image to accelerate an existing fast loop closure detection method via binary content. The proposed method can greatly reduce the computational cost without sacrificing recall rate. It consists of three parts: binary content construction, fast image retrieval and precise loop closure detection. No offline training is required. Our method is compared with the state-of-the-art loop closure detection methods and the results show that it outperforms the traditional methods at both recall rate and speed. 
### 30.Deep learning predicts total knee replacement from magnetic resonance images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10591.pdf)
>  Knee Osteoarthritis (OA) is a common musculoskeletal disorder in the United States. When diagnosed at early stages, lifestyle interventions such as exercise and weight loss can slow OA progression, but at later stages, only an invasive option is available: total knee replacement (TKR). Though a generally successful procedure, only 2/3 of patients who undergo the procedure report their knees feeling ''normal'' post-operation, and complications can arise that require revision. This necessitates a model to identify a population at higher risk of TKR, particularly at less advanced stages of OA, such that appropriate treatments can be implemented that slow OA progression and delay TKR. Here, we present a deep learning pipeline that leverages MRI images and clinical and demographic information to predict TKR with AUC $0.834 \pm 0.036$ (p &lt; 0.05). Most notably, the pipeline predicts TKR with AUC $0.943 \pm 0.057$ (p &lt; 0.05) for patients without OA. Furthermore, we develop occlusion maps for case-control pairs in test data and compare regions used by the model in both, thereby identifying TKR imaging biomarkers. As such, this work takes strides towards a pipeline with clinical utility, and the biomarkers identified further our understanding of OA progression and eventual TKR onset. 
### 31.Real-time Fusion Network for RGB-D Semantic Segmentation Incorporating Unexpected Obstacle Detection for Road-driving Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10570.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation has made striking progress due to the success of deep convolutional neural networks. Considering the demand of autonomous driving, real-time semantic segmentation has become a research hotspot these years. However, few real-time RGB-D fusion semantic segmentation studies are carried out despite readily accessible depth information nowadays. In this paper, we propose a real-time fusion semantic segmentation network termed RFNet that efficiently exploits complementary features from depth information to enhance the performance in an attention-augmented way, while running swiftly that is a necessity for autonomous vehicles applications. Multi-dataset training is leveraged to incorporate unexpected small obstacle detection, enriching the recognizable classes required to face unforeseen hazards in the real world. A comprehensive set of experiments demonstrates the effectiveness of our framework. On \textit{Cityscapes}, Our method outperforms previous state-of-the-art semantic segmenters, with excellent accuracy and 22Hz inference speed at the full 2048$\times$1024 resolution, outperforming most existing RGB-D networks. 
### 32.Triplet Online Instance Matching Loss for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10560.pdf)
>  Mining the shared features of same identity in different scene, and the unique features of different identity in same scene, are most significant challenges in the field of person re-identification (ReID). Online Instance Matching (OIM) loss function and Triplet loss function are main methods for person ReID. Unfortunately, both of them have drawbacks. OIM loss treats all samples equally and puts no emphasis on hard samples. Triplet loss processes batch construction in a complicated and fussy way and converges slowly. For these problems, we propose a Triplet Online Instance Matching (TOIM) loss function, which lays emphasis on the hard samples and improves the accuracy of person ReID effectively. It combines the advantages of OIM loss and Triplet loss and simplifies the process of batch construction, which leads to a more rapid convergence. It can be trained on-line when handle the joint detection and identification task. To validate our loss function, we collect and annotate a large-scale benchmark dataset (UESTC-PR) based on images taken from surveillance cameras, which contains 499 identities and 60,437 images. We evaluated our proposed loss function on Duke, Marker-1501 and UESTC-PR using ResNet-50, and the result shows that our proposed loss function outperforms the baseline methods by a maximum of 21.7%, including Softmax loss, OIM loss and Triplet loss. 
### 33.Revisiting Saliency Metrics: Farthest-Neighbor Area Under Curve  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10540.pdf)
>  Saliency detection has been widely studied because it plays an important role in various vision applications, but it is difficult to evaluate saliency systems because each measure has its own bias. In this paper, we first revisit the problem of applying the widely used saliency metrics on modern Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs). Our investigation shows the saliency datasets have been built based on different choices of parameters and CNNs are designed to fit a dataset-specific distribution. Secondly, we show that the Shuffled Area Under Curve(S-AUC) metric still suffers from spatial biases. We propose a new saliency metric based on the AUC property, which aims at sampling a more directional negative set for evaluation, denoted as Farthest-Neighbor AUC(FN-AUC). We also propose a strategy to measure the quality of the sampled negative set. Our experiment shows FN-AUC can measure spatial biases, central and peripheral, more effectively than S-AUC without penalizing the fixation locations. Thirdly, we propose a global smoothing function to overcome the problem of few value degrees (output quantization) in computing AUC metrics. Comparing with random noise, our smooth function can create unique values without losing the relative saliency relationship. 
### 34.Evaluating Registration Without Ground Truth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10534.pdf)
>  We present a generic method for assessing the quality of non-rigid registration (NRR) algorithms, that does not depend on the existence of any ground truth, but depends solely on the data itself. The data is a set of images. The output of any NRR of such a set of images is a dense correspondence across the whole set. Given such a dense correspondence, it is possible to build various generative statistical models of appearance variation across the set. We show that evaluating the quality of the registration can be mapped to the problem of evaluating the quality of the resultant statistical model. The quality of the model entails a comparison between the model and the image data that was used to construct it. It should be noted that this approach does not depend on the specifics of the registration algorithm used (i.e., whether a groupwise or pairwise algorithm was used to register the set of images), or on the specifics of the modelling approach used. <br>We derive an index of image model specificity that can be used to assess image model quality, and hence the quality of registration. This approach is validated by comparing our assessment of registration quality with that derived from ground truth anatomical labeling. We demonstrate that our approach is capable of assessing NRR reliably without ground truth. Finally, to demonstrate the practicality of our method, different NRR algorithms -- both pairwise and groupwise -- are compared in terms of their performance on 3D MR brain data. 
### 35.On Pruning Adversarially Robust Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10509.pdf)
>  In safety-critical but computationally resource-constrained applications, deep learning faces two key challenges: lack of robustness against adversarial attacks and large neural network size (often millions of parameters). While the research community has extensively explored the use of robust training and network pruning \emph{independently} to address one of these challenges, we show that integrating existing pruning techniques with multiple types of robust training techniques, including verifiably robust training, leads to poor robust accuracy even though such techniques can preserve high regular accuracy. We further demonstrate that making pruning techniques aware of the robust learning objective can lead to a large improvement in performance. We realize this insight by formulating the pruning objective as an empirical risk minimization problem which is then solved using SGD. We demonstrate the success of the proposed pruning technique across CIFAR-10, SVHN, and ImageNet dataset with four different robust training techniques: iterative adversarial training, randomized smoothing, MixTrain, and CROWN-IBP. Specifically, at 99\% connection pruning ratio, we achieve gains up to 3.2, 10.0, and 17.8 percentage points in robust accuracy under state-of-the-art adversarial attacks for ImageNet, CIFAR-10, and SVHN dataset, respectively. Our code and compressed networks are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/inspire-group/compactness-robustness" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 36.On Feature Normalization and Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.11102.pdf)
>  Modern neural network training relies heavily on data augmentation for improved generalization. After the initial success of label-preserving augmentations, there has been a recent surge of interest in label-perturbing approaches, which combine features and labels across training samples to smooth the learned decision surface. In this paper, we propose a new augmentation method that leverages the first and second moments extracted and re-injected by feature normalization. We replace the moments of the learned features of one training image by those of another, and also interpolate the target labels. As our approach is fast, operates entirely in feature space, and mixes different signals than prior methods, one can effectively combine it with existing augmentation methods. We demonstrate its efficacy across benchmark data sets in computer vision, speech, and natural language processing, where it consistently improves the generalization performance of highly competitive baseline networks. 
### 37.Relevant-features based Auxiliary Cells for Energy Efficient Detection of Natural Errors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.11052.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have demonstrated state-of-the-art performance on many classification tasks. However, they have no inherent capability to recognize when their predictions are wrong. There have been several efforts in the recent past to detect natural errors but the suggested mechanisms pose additional energy requirements. To address this issue, we propose an ensemble of classifiers at hidden layers to enable energy efficient detection of natural errors. In particular, we append Relevant-features based Auxiliary Cells (RACs) which are class specific binary linear classifiers trained on relevant features. The consensus of RACs is used to detect natural errors. Based on combined confidence of RACs, classification can be terminated early, thereby resulting in energy efficient detection. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our technique on various image classification datasets such as CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and Tiny-ImageNet. 
### 38.Beyond Dropout: Feature Map Distortion to Regularize Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.11022.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks often consist of a great number of trainable parameters for extracting powerful features from given datasets. On one hand, massive trainable parameters significantly enhance the performance of these deep networks. On the other hand, they bring the problem of over-fitting. To this end, dropout based methods disable some elements in the output feature maps during the training phase for reducing the co-adaptation of neurons. Although the generalization ability of the resulting models can be enhanced by these approaches, the conventional binary dropout is not the optimal solution. Therefore, we investigate the empirical Rademacher complexity related to intermediate layers of deep neural networks and propose a feature distortion method (Disout) for addressing the aforementioned problem. In the training period, randomly selected elements in the feature maps will be replaced with specific values by exploiting the generalization error bound. The superiority of the proposed feature map distortion for producing deep neural network with higher testing performance is analyzed and demonstrated on several benchmark image datasets. 
### 39.AutoFoley: Artificial Synthesis of Synchronized Sound Tracks for Silent Videos with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10981.pdf)
>  In movie productions, the Foley Artist is responsible for creating an overlay soundtrack that helps the movie come alive for the audience. This requires the artist to first identify the sounds that will enhance the experience for the listener thereby reinforcing the Directors's intention for a given scene. In this paper, we present AutoFoley, a fully-automated deep learning tool that can be used to synthesize a representative audio track for videos. AutoFoley can be used in the applications where there is either no corresponding audio file associated with the video or in cases where there is a need to identify critical scenarios and provide a synthesized, reinforced soundtrack. An important performance criterion of the synthesized soundtrack is to be time-synchronized with the input video, which provides for a realistic and believable portrayal of the synthesized sound. Unlike existing sound prediction and generation architectures, our algorithm is capable of precise recognition of actions as well as inter-frame relations in fast moving video clips by incorporating an interpolation technique and Temporal Relationship Networks (TRN). We employ a robust multi-scale Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) associated with a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for a better understanding of the intricate input-to-output associations over time. To evaluate AutoFoley, we create and introduce a large scale audio-video dataset containing a variety of sounds frequently used as Foley effects in movies. Our experiments show that the synthesized sounds are realistically portrayed with accurate temporal synchronization of the associated visual inputs. Human qualitative testing of AutoFoley show over 73% of the test subjects considered the generated soundtrack as original, which is a noteworthy improvement in cross-modal research in sound synthesis. 
### 40.Image Stylization: From Predefined to Personalized  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10945.pdf)
>  We present a framework for interactive design of new image stylizations using a wide range of predefined filter blocks. Both novel and off-the-shelf image filtering and rendering techniques are extended and combined to allow the user to unleash their creativity to intuitively invent, modify, and tune new styles from a given set of filters. In parallel to this manual design, we propose a novel procedural approach that automatically assembles sequences of filters, leading to unique and novel styles. An important aim of our framework is to allow for interactive exploration and design, as well as to enable videos and camera streams to be stylized on the fly. In order to achieve this real-time performance, we use the \textit{Best Linear Adaptive Enhancement} (BLADE) framework -- an interpretable shallow machine learning method that simulates complex filter blocks in real time. Our representative results include over a dozen styles designed using our interactive tool, a set of styles created procedurally, and new filters trained with our BLADE approach. 
### 41.PolyGen: An Autoregressive Generative Model of 3D Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10880.pdf)
>  Polygon meshes are an efficient representation of 3D geometry, and are of central importance in computer graphics, robotics and games development. Existing learning-based approaches have avoided the challenges of working with 3D meshes, instead using alternative object representations that are more compatible with neural architectures and training approaches. We present an approach which models the mesh directly, predicting mesh vertices and faces sequentially using a Transformer-based architecture. Our model can condition on a range of inputs, including object classes, voxels, and images, and because the model is probabilistic it can produce samples that capture uncertainty in ambiguous scenarios. We show that the model is capable of producing high-quality, usable meshes, and establish log-likelihood benchmarks for the mesh-modelling task. We also evaluate the conditional models on surface reconstruction metrics against alternative methods, and demonstrate competitive performance despite not training directly on this task. 
### 42.Gesture recognition with 60GHz 802.11 waveforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10836.pdf)
>  Gesture recognition application over 802.11 ad/y waveforms is developed. Simultaneous gestures of slider-control and two-finger gesture for switching are detected based on Golay sequences of channel estimation fields of the packets. 
### 43.BERT Can See Out of the Box: On the Cross-modal Transferability of Text Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10832.pdf)
>  Pre-trained language models such as BERT have recently contributed to significant advances in Natural Language Processing tasks. Interestingly, while multilingual BERT models have demonstrated impressive results, recent works have shown how monolingual BERT can also be competitive in zero-shot cross-lingual settings. This suggests that the abstractions learned by these models can transfer across languages, even when trained on monolingual data. In this paper, we investigate whether such generalization potential applies to other modalities, such as vision: does BERT contain abstractions that generalize beyond text? We introduce BERT-gen, an architecture for text generation based on BERT, able to leverage on either mono- or multi- modal representations. The results reported under different configurations indicate a positive answer to our research question, and the proposed model obtains substantial improvements over the state-of-the-art on two established Visual Question Generation datasets. 
### 44.(De)Randomized Smoothing for Certifiable Defense against Patch Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10733.pdf)
>  Patch adversarial attacks on images, in which the attacker can distort pixels within a region of bounded size, are an important threat model since they provide a quantitative model for physical adversarial attacks. In this paper, we introduce a certifiable defense against patch attacks that guarantees for a given image and patch attack size, no patch adversarial examples exist. Our method is related to the broad class of randomized smoothing robustness schemes which provide high-confidence probabilistic robustness certificates. By exploiting the fact that patch attacks are more constrained than general sparse attacks, we derive meaningfully large robustness certificates. Additionally, the algorithm we propose is de-randomized, providing deterministic certificates. To the best of our knowledge, there exists only one prior method for certifiable defense against patch attacks, which relies on interval bound propagation. While this sole existing method performs well on MNIST, it has several limitations: it requires computationally expensive training, does not scale to ImageNet, and performs poorly on CIFAR-10. In contrast, our proposed method effectively addresses all of these issues: our classifier can be trained quickly, achieves high clean and certified robust accuracy on CIFAR-10, and provides certificates at the ImageNet scale. For example, for a 5*5 patch attack on CIFAR-10, our method achieves up to around 57.8% certified accuracy (with a classifier around 83.9% clean accuracy), compared to at most 30.3% certified accuracy for the existing method (with a classifier with around 47.8% clean accuracy), effectively establishing a new state-of-the-art. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alevine0/patchSmoothing" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 45.Technical report: Kidney tumor segmentation using a 2D U-Net followed by a statistical post-processing filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10727.pdf)
>  Each year, there are about 400'000 new cases of kidney cancer worldwide causing around 175'000 deaths. For clinical decision making it is important to understand the morphometry of the tumor, which involves the time-consuming task of delineating tumor and kidney in 3D CT images. Automatic segmentation could be an important tool for clinicians and researchers to also study the correlations between tumor morphometry and clinical outcomes. We present a segmentation method which combines the popular U-Net convolutional neural network architecture with post-processing based on statistical constraints of the available training data. The full implementation, based on PyTorch, and the trained weights can be found on GitHub. 
### 46.Searching for Winograd-aware Quantized Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10711.pdf)
>  Lightweight architectural designs of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) together with quantization have paved the way for the deployment of demanding computer vision applications on mobile devices. Parallel to this, alternative formulations to the convolution operation such as FFT, Strassen and Winograd, have been adapted for use in CNNs offering further speedups. Winograd convolutions are the fastest known algorithm for spatially small convolutions, but exploiting their full potential comes with the burden of numerical error, rendering them unusable in quantized contexts. In this work we propose a Winograd-aware formulation of convolution layers which exposes the numerical inaccuracies introduced by the Winograd transformations to the learning of the model parameters, enabling the design of competitive quantized models without impacting model size. We also address the source of the numerical error and propose a relaxation on the form of the transformation matrices, resulting in up to 10% higher classification accuracy on CIFAR-10. Finally, we propose wiNAS, a neural architecture search (NAS) framework that jointly optimizes a given macro-architecture for accuracy and latency leveraging Winograd-aware layers. A Winograd-aware ResNet-18 optimized with wiNAS for CIFAR-10 results in 2.66x speedup compared to im2row, one of the most widely used optimized convolution implementations, with no loss in accuracy. 
### 47.Gödel's Sentence Is An Adversarial Example But Unsolvable  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10703.pdf)
>  In recent years, different types of adversarial examples from different fields have emerged endlessly, including purely natural ones without perturbations. A variety of defenses are proposed and then broken quickly. Two fundamental questions need to be asked: What's the reason for the existence of adversarial examples and are adversarial examples unsolvable? In this paper, we will show the reason for the existence of adversarial examples is there are non-isomorphic natural explanations that can all explain data set. Specifically, for two natural explanations of being true and provable, Gödel's sentence is an adversarial example but ineliminable. It can't be solved by the re-accumulation of data set or the re-improvement of learning algorithm. Finally, from the perspective of computability, we will prove the incomputability for adversarial examples, which are unrecognizable. 
### 48.Multimodal Transformer with Pointer Network for the DSTC8 AVSD Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10695.pdf)
>  Audio-Visual Scene-Aware Dialog (AVSD) is an extension from Video Question Answering (QA) whereby the dialogue agent is required to generate natural language responses to address user queries and carry on conversations. This is a challenging task as it consists of video features of multiple modalities, including text, visual, and audio features. The agent also needs to learn semantic dependencies among user utterances and system responses to make coherent conversations with humans. In this work, we describe our submission to the AVSD track of the 8th Dialogue System Technology Challenge. We adopt dot-product attention to combine text and non-text features of input video. We further enhance the generation capability of the dialogue agent by adopting pointer networks to point to tokens from multiple source sequences in each generation step. Our systems achieve high performance in automatic metrics and obtain 5th and 6th place in human evaluation among all submissions. 
### 49.Coherent Gradients: An Approach to Understanding Generalization in Gradient Descent-based Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10657.pdf)
>  An open question in the Deep Learning community is why neural networks trained with Gradient Descent generalize well on real datasets even though they are capable of fitting random data. We propose an approach to answering this question based on a hypothesis about the dynamics of gradient descent that we call Coherent Gradients: Gradients from similar examples are similar and so the overall gradient is stronger in certain directions where these reinforce each other. Thus changes to the network parameters during training are biased towards those that (locally) simultaneously benefit many examples when such similarity exists. We support this hypothesis with heuristic arguments and perturbative experiments and outline how this can explain several common empirical observations about Deep Learning. Furthermore, our analysis is not just descriptive, but prescriptive. It suggests a natural modification to gradient descent that can greatly reduce overfitting. 
### 50.A Comparative Evaluation of Temporal Pooling Methods for Blind Video Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10651.pdf)
>  Many objective video quality assessment (VQA) algorithms include a key step of temporal pooling of frame-level quality scores. However, less attention has been paid to studying the relative efficiencies of different pooling methods on no-reference (blind) VQA. Here we conduct a large-scale comparative evaluation to assess the capabilities and limitations of multiple temporal pooling strategies on blind VQA of user-generated videos. The study yields insights and general guidance regarding the application and selection of temporal pooling models. In addition, we also propose an ensemble pooling model built on top of high-performing temporal pooling models. Our experimental results demonstrate the relative efficacies of the evaluated temporal pooling models, using several popular VQA algorithms, and evaluated on two recent large-scale natural video quality databases. In addition to the new ensemble model, we provide a general recipe for applying temporal pooling of frame-based quality predictions. 
### 51.I Am Going MAD: Maximum Discrepancy Competition for Comparing Classifiers Adaptively  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10648.pdf)
>  The learning of hierarchical representations for image classification has experienced an impressive series of successes due in part to the availability of large-scale labeled data for training. On the other hand, the trained classifiers have traditionally been evaluated on small and fixed sets of test images, which are deemed to be extremely sparsely distributed in the space of all natural images. It is thus questionable whether recent performance improvements on the excessively re-used test sets generalize to real-world natural images with much richer content variations. Inspired by efficient stimulus selection for testing perceptual models in psychophysical and physiological studies, we present an alternative framework for comparing image classifiers, which we name the MAximum Discrepancy (MAD) competition. Rather than comparing image classifiers using fixed test images, we adaptively sample a small test set from an arbitrarily large corpus of unlabeled images so as to maximize the discrepancies between the classifiers, measured by the distance over WordNet hierarchy. Human labeling on the resulting model-dependent image sets reveals the relative performance of the competing classifiers, and provides useful insights on potential ways to improve them. We report the MAD competition results of eleven ImageNet classifiers while noting that the framework is readily extensible and cost-effective to add future classifiers into the competition. Codes can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TAMU-VITA/MAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 52.Batch norm with entropic regularization turns deterministic autoencoders into generative models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10631.pdf)
>  The variational autoencoder is a well defined deep generative model that utilizes an encoder-decoder framework where an encoding neural network outputs a non-deterministic code for reconstructing an input. The encoder achieves this by sampling from a distribution for every input, instead of outputting a deterministic code per input. The great advantage of this process is that it allows the use of the network as a generative model for sampling from the data distribution beyond provided samples for training. We show in this work that utilizing batch normalization as a source for non-determinism suffices to turn deterministic autoencoders into generative models on par with variational ones, so long as we add a suitable entropic regularization to the training objective. 
### 53.Progressive Learning and Disentanglement of Hierarchical Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10549.pdf)
>  Learning rich representation from data is an important task for deep generative models such as variational auto-encoder (VAE). However, by extracting high-level abstractions in the bottom-up inference process, the goal of preserving all factors of variations for top-down generation is compromised. Motivated by the concept of "starting small", we present a strategy to progressively learn independent hierarchical representations from high- to low-levels of abstractions. The model starts with learning the most abstract representation, and then progressively grow the network architecture to introduce new representations at different levels of abstraction. We quantitatively demonstrate the ability of the presented model to improve disentanglement in comparison to existing works on two benchmark data sets using three disentanglement metrics, including a new metric we proposed to complement the previously-presented metric of mutual information gap. We further present both qualitative and quantitative evidence on how the progression of learning improves disentangling of hierarchical representations. By drawing on the respective advantage of hierarchical representation learning and progressive learning, this is to our knowledge the first attempt to improve disentanglement by progressively growing the capacity of VAE to learn hierarchical representations. 
### 54.Co-VeGAN: Complex-Valued Generative Adversarial Network for Compressive Sensing MR Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.10523.pdf)
>  Compressive sensing (CS) is widely used to reduce the image acquisition time of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Though CS based undersampling has numerous benefits, like high quality images with less motion artefacts, low storage requirement, etc., the reconstruction of the image from the CS-undersampled data is an ill-posed inverse problem which requires extensive computation and resources. In this paper, we propose a novel deep network that can process complex-valued input to perform high-quality reconstruction. Our model is based on generative adversarial network (GAN) that uses residual-in-residual dense blocks in a modified U-net generator with patch based discriminator. We introduce a wavelet based loss in the complex GAN model for better reconstruction quality. Extensive analyses on different datasets demonstrate that the proposed model significantly outperforms the existing CS reconstruction techniques in terms of peak signal-to-noise ratio and structural similarity index. 
