# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 10 Feb 2020
### 1.Revisiting Spatial Invariance with Low-Rank Local Connectivity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02959.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks are among the most successful architectures in deep learning. This success is at least partially attributable to the efficacy of spatial invariance as an inductive bias. Locally connected layers, which differ from convolutional layers in their lack of spatial invariance, usually perform poorly in practice. However, these observations still leave open the possibility that some degree of relaxation of spatial invariance may yield a better inductive bias than either convolution or local connectivity. To test this hypothesis, we design a method to relax the spatial invariance of a network layer in a controlled manner. In particular, we create a \textit{low-rank} locally connected layer, where the filter bank applied at each position is constructed as a linear combination of basis set of filter banks. By varying the number of filter banks in the basis set, we can control the degree of departure from spatial invariance. In our experiments, we find that relaxing spatial invariance improves classification accuracy over both convolution and locally connected layers across MNIST, CIFAR-10, and CelebA datasets. These results suggest that spatial invariance in convolution layers may be overly restrictive. 
### 2.$M^3$T: Multi-Modal Continuous Valence-Arousal Estimation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02957.pdf)
>  This report describes a multi-modal multi-task ($M^3$T) approach underlying our submission to the valence-arousal estimation track of the Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) Challenge, held in conjunction with the IEEE International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (FG) 2020. In the proposed $M^3$T framework, we fuse both visual features from videos and acoustic features from the audio tracks to estimate the valence and arousal. The spatio-temporal visual features are extracted with a 3D convolutional network and a bidirectional recurrent neural network. Considering the correlations between valence / arousal, emotions, and facial actions, we also explores mechanisms to benefit from other tasks. We evaluated the $M^3$T framework on the validation set provided by ABAW and it significantly outperforms the baseline method. 
### 3.On the Robustness of Face Recognition Algorithms Against Attacks and Bias  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02942.pdf)
>  Face recognition algorithms have demonstrated very high recognition performance, suggesting suitability for real world applications. Despite the enhanced accuracies, robustness of these algorithms against attacks and bias has been challenged. This paper summarizes different ways in which the robustness of a face recognition algorithm is challenged, which can severely affect its intended working. Different types of attacks such as physical presentation attacks, disguise/makeup, digital adversarial attacks, and morphing/tampering using GANs have been discussed. We also present a discussion on the effect of bias on face recognition models and showcase that factors such as age and gender variations affect the performance of modern algorithms. The paper also presents the potential reasons for these challenges and some of the future research directions for increasing the robustness of face recognition models. 
### 4.How Does Gender Balance In Training Data Affect Face Recognition Accuracy?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02934.pdf)
>  Even though deep learning methods have greatly increased the overall accuracy of face recognition, an old problem still persists: accuracy is higher for men than for women. Previous researchers have speculated that the difference could be due to cosmetics, head pose, or hair covering the face. It is also often speculated that the lower accuracy for women is caused by women being under-represented in the training data. This work aims to investigate if gender imbalance in the training data is actually the cause of lower accuracy for females. Using a state-of-the-art deep CNN, three different loss functions, and two training datasets, we train each on seven subsets with different male/female ratios, totaling forty two train-ings. The trained face matchers are then tested on three different testing datasets. Results show that gender-balancing the dataset has an overall positive effect, with higher accuracy for most of the combinations of loss functions and datasets when a balanced subset is used. However, for the best combination of loss function and dataset, the original training dataset shows better accuracy on 3 out of 4 times. We observe that test accuracy for males is higher when the training data is all male. However, test accuracy for females is not maximized when the training data is all female. Fora number of combinations of loss function and test dataset, accuracy for females is higher when only 75% of the train-ing data is female than when 100% of the training data is female. This suggests that lower accuracy for females is nota simple result of the fraction of female training data. By clustering face features, we show that in general, male faces are closer to other male faces than female faces, and female faces are closer to other female faces than male faces 
### 5.SPN-CNN: Boosting Sensor-Based Source Camera Attribution With Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02927.pdf)
>  We explore means to advance source camera identification based on sensor noise in a data-driven framework. Our focus is on improving the sensor pattern noise (SPN) extraction from a single image at test time. Where existing works suppress nuisance content with denoising filters that are largely agnostic to the specific SPN signal of interest, we demonstrate that a~deep learning approach can yield a more suitable extractor that leads to improved source attribution. A series of extensive experiments on various public datasets confirms the feasibility of our approach and its applicability to image manipulation localization and video source attribution. A critical discussion of potential pitfalls completes the text. 
### 6.Subspace Capsule Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02924.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become a key asset to most of fields in AI. Despite their successful performance, CNNs suffer from a major drawback. They fail to capture the hierarchy of spatial relation among different parts of an entity. As a remedy to this problem, the idea of capsules was proposed by Hinton. In this paper, we propose the SubSpace Capsule Network (SCN) that exploits the idea of capsule networks to model possible variations in the appearance or implicitly defined properties of an entity through a group of capsule subspaces instead of simply grouping neurons to create capsules. A capsule is created by projecting an input feature vector from a lower layer onto the capsule subspace using a learnable transformation. This transformation finds the degree of alignment of the input with the properties modeled by the capsule subspace. We show that SCN is a general capsule network that can successfully be applied to both discriminative and generative models without incurring computational overhead compared to CNN during test time. Effectiveness of SCN is evaluated through a comprehensive set of experiments on supervised image classification, semi-supervised image classification and high-resolution image generation tasks using the generative adversarial network (GAN) framework. SCN significantly improves the performance of the baseline models in all 3 tasks. 
### 7.Temporal Segmentation of Surgical Sub-tasks through Deep Learning with Multiple Data Sources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02921.pdf)
>  Many tasks in robot-assisted surgeries (RAS) can be represented by finite-state machines (FSMs), where each state represents either an action (such as picking up a needle) or an observation (such as bleeding). A crucial step towards the automation of such surgical tasks is the temporal perception of the current surgical scene, which requires a real-time estimation of the states in the FSMs. The objective of this work is to estimate the current state of the surgical task based on the actions performed or events occurred as the task progresses. We propose Fusion-KVE, a unified surgical state estimation model that incorporates multiple data sources including the Kinematics, Vision, and system Events. Additionally, we examine the strengths and weaknesses of different state estimation models in segmenting states with different representative features or levels of granularity. We evaluate our model on the JHU-ISI Gesture and Skill Assessment Working Set (JIGSAWS), as well as a more complex dataset involving robotic intra-operative ultrasound (RIOUS) imaging, created using the da Vinci Xi surgical system. Our model achieves a superior frame-wise state estimation accuracy up to 89.4%, which improves the state-of-the-art surgical state estimation models in both JIGSAWS suturing dataset and our RIOUS dataset. 
### 8.iqiyi Submission to ActivityNet Challenge 2019 Kinetics-700 challenge: Hierarchical Group-wise Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02918.pdf)
>  In this report, the method for the iqiyi submission to the task of ActivityNet 2019 Kinetics-700 challenge is described. Three models are involved in the model ensemble stage: TSN, HG-NL and StNet. We propose the hierarchical group-wise non-local (HG-NL) module for frame-level features aggregation for video classification. The standard non-local (NL) module is effective in aggregating frame-level features on the task of video classification but presents low parameters efficiency and high computational cost. The HG-NL method involves a hierarchical group-wise structure and generates multiple attention maps to enhance performance. Basing on this hierarchical group-wise structure, the proposed method has competitive accuracy, fewer parameters and smaller computational cost than the standard NL. For the task of ActivityNet 2019 Kinetics-700 challenge, after model ensemble, we finally obtain an averaged top-1 and top-5 error percentage 28.444% on the test set. 
### 9.Data augmentation with Möbius transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02917.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has led to substantial improvements in the performance and generalization of deep models, and remain a highly adaptable method to evolving model architectures and varying amounts of data---in particular, extremely scarce amounts of available training data. In this paper, we present a novel method of applying Möbius transformations to augment input images during training. Möbius transformations are bijective conformal maps that generalize image translation to operate over complex inversion in pixel space. As a result, Möbius transformations can operate on the sample level and preserve data labels. We show that the inclusion of Möbius transformations during training enables improved generalization over prior sample-level data augmentation techniques such as cutout and standard crop-and-flip transformations, most notably in low data regimes. 
### 10.Domain Embedded Multi-model Generative Adversarial Networks for Image-based Face Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02909.pdf)
>  Prior knowledge of face shape and location plays an important role in face inpainting. However, traditional facing inpainting methods mainly focus on the generated image resolution of the missing portion but without consideration of the special particularities of the human face explicitly and generally produce discordant facial parts. To solve this problem, we present a stable variational latent generative model for large inpainting of face images. We firstly represent only face regions with the latent variable space but simultaneously constraint the random vectors to offer control over the distribution of latent variables, and combine with the non-face parts textures to generate a face image with plausible contents. Two adversarial discriminators are finally used to judge whether the generated distribution is close to the real distribution or not. It can not only synthesize novel image structures but also explicitly utilize the latent space with Eigenfaces to make better predictions. Furthermore, our work better evaluates the side face impainting problem. Experiments on both CelebA and CelebA-HQ face datasets demonstrate that our proposed approach generates higher quality inpainting results than existing ones. 
### 11.An Auxiliary Task for Learning Nuclei Segmentation in 3D Microscopy Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02857.pdf)
>  Segmentation of cell nuclei in microscopy images is a prevalent necessity in cell biology. Especially for three-dimensional datasets, manual segmentation is prohibitively time-consuming, motivating the need for automated methods. Learning-based methods trained on pixel-wise ground-truth segmentations have been shown to yield state-of-the-art results on 2d benchmark image data of nuclei, yet a respective benchmark is missing for 3d image data. In this work, we perform a comparative evaluation of nuclei segmentation algorithms on a database of manually segmented 3d light microscopy volumes. We propose a novel learning strategy that boosts segmentation accuracy by means of a simple auxiliary task, thereby robustly outperforming each of our baselines. Furthermore, we show that one of our baselines, the popular three-label model, when trained with our proposed auxiliary task, outperforms the recent StarDist-3D. As an additional, practical contribution, we benchmark nuclei segmentation against nuclei detection, i.e. the task of merely pinpointing individual nuclei without generating respective pixel-accurate segmentations. For learning nuclei detection, large 3d training datasets of manually annotated nuclei center points are available. However, the impact on detection accuracy caused by training on such sparse ground truth as opposed to dense pixel-wise ground truth has not yet been quantified. To this end, we compare nuclei detection accuracy yielded by training on dense vs. sparse ground truth. Our results suggest that training on sparse ground truth yields competitive nuclei detection rates. 
### 12.Input Dropout for Spatially Aligned Modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02852.pdf)
>  Computer vision datasets containing multiple modalities such as color, depth, and thermal properties are now commonly accessible and useful for solving a wide array of challenging tasks. However, deploying multi-sensor heads is not possible in many scenarios. As such many practical solutions tend to be based on simpler sensors, mostly for cost, simplicity and robustness considerations. In this work, we propose a training methodology to take advantage of these additional modalities available in datasets, even if they are not available at test time. By assuming that the modalities have a strong spatial correlation, we propose Input Dropout, a simple technique that consists in stochastic hiding of one or many input modalities at training time, while using only the canonical (e.g. RGB) modalities at test time. We demonstrate that Input Dropout trivially combines with existing deep convolutional architectures, and improves their performance on a wide range of computer vision tasks such as dehazing, 6-DOF object tracking, pedestrian detection and object classification. 
### 13.Switchable Precision Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02815.pdf)
>  Instantaneous and on demand accuracy-efficiency trade-off has been recently explored in the context of neural networks slimming. In this paper, we propose a flexible quantization strategy, termed Switchable Precision neural Networks (SP-Nets), to train a shared network capable of operating at multiple quantization levels. At runtime, the network can adjust its precision on the fly according to instant memory, latency, power consumption and accuracy demands. For example, by constraining the network weights to 1-bit with switchable precision activations, our shared network spans from BinaryConnect to Binarized Neural Network, allowing to perform dot-products using only summations or bit operations. In addition, a self-distillation scheme is proposed to increase the performance of the quantized switches. We tested our approach with three different quantizers and demonstrate the performance of SP-Nets against independently trained quantized models in classification accuracy for Tiny ImageNet and ImageNet datasets using ResNet-18 and MobileNet architectures. 
### 14.Fine-Grained Fashion Similarity Learning by Attribute-Specific Embedding Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02814.pdf)
>  This paper strives to learn fine-grained fashion similarity. In this similarity paradigm, one should pay more attention to the similarity in terms of a specific design/attribute among fashion items, which has potential values in many fashion related applications such as fashion copyright protection. To this end, we propose an Attribute-Specific Embedding Network (ASEN) to jointly learn multiple attribute-specific embeddings in an end-to-end manner, thus measure the fine-grained similarity in the corresponding space. With two attention modules, i.e., Attribute-aware Spatial Attention and Attribute-aware Channel Attention, ASEN is able to locate the related regions and capture the essential patterns under the guidance of the specified attribute, thus make the learned attribute-specific embeddings better reflect the fine-grained similarity. Extensive experiments on four fashion-related datasets show the effectiveness of ASEN for fine-grained fashion similarity learning and its potential for fashion reranking. 
### 15.FourierNet: Compact mask representation for instance segmentation using differentiable shape decoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02709.pdf)
>  We present FourierNet a single shot, anchor-free, fully convolutional instance segmentation method, which predicts a shape vector that is converted into contour points using a numerical transformation. Compared to previous methods, we introduce a new training technique, where we utilize a differentiable shape decoder, which achieves automatic weight balancing of the shape vector's coefficients. Fourier series was utilized as a shape encoder because of its coefficient interpretability and fast implementation. By using its lower frequencies we were able to retrieve smooth and compact masks. FourierNet shows promising results compared to polygon representation methods, achieving 30.6 mAP on the MS COCO 2017 benchmark. At lower image resolutions, it runs at 26.6 FPS with 24.3 mAP. It achieves 23.3 mAP using just 8 parameters to represent the mask, which is double the amount of parameters to predict a bounding box. Code will be available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/cogsys-tuebingen/FourierNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 16.Deep Robust Multilevel Semantic Cross-Modal Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02698.pdf)
>  Hashing based cross-modal retrieval has recently made significant progress. But straightforward embedding data from different modalities into a joint Hamming space will inevitably produce false codes due to the intrinsic modality discrepancy and noises. We present a novel Robust Multilevel Semantic Hashing (RMSH) for more accurate cross-modal retrieval. It seeks to preserve fine-grained similarity among data with rich semantics, while explicitly require distances between dissimilar points to be larger than a specific value for strong robustness. For this, we give an effective bound of this value based on the information coding-theoretic analysis, and the above goals are embodied into a margin-adaptive triplet loss. Furthermore, we introduce pseudo-codes via fusing multiple hash codes to explore seldom-seen semantics, alleviating the sparsity problem of similarity information. Experiments on three benchmarks show the validity of the derived bounds, and our method achieves state-of-the-art performance. 
### 17.Learning Class Regularized Features for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02651.pdf)
>  Training Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) is based on the notion of using multiple kernels and non-linearities in their subsequent activations to extract useful features. The kernels are used as general feature extractors without specific correspondence to the target class. As a result, the extracted features do not correspond to specific classes. Subtle differences between similar classes are modeled in the same way as large differences between dissimilar classes. To overcome the class-agnostic use of kernels in CNNs, we introduce a novel method named Class Regularization that performs class-based regularization of layer activations. We demonstrate that this not only improves feature search during training, but also allows an explicit assignment of features per class during each stage of the feature extraction process. We show that using Class Regularization blocks in state-of-the-art CNN architectures for action recognition leads to systematic improvement gains of 1.8%, 1.2% and 1.4% on the Kinetics, UCF-101 and HMDB-51 datasets, respectively. 
### 18.Statistical Outlier Identification in Multi-robot Visual SLAM using Expectation Maximization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02638.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel and distributed method for detecting inter-map loop closure outliers in simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). The proposed algorithm does not rely on a good initialization and can handle more than two maps at a time. In multi-robot SLAM applications, maps made by different agents have nonidentical spatial frames of reference which makes initialization very difficult in the presence of outliers. This paper presents a probabilistic approach for detecting incorrect orientation measurements prior to pose graph optimization by checking the geometric consistency of rotation measurements. Expectation-Maximization is used to fine-tune the model parameters. As ancillary contributions, a new approximate discrete inference procedure is presented which uses evidence on loops in a graph and is based on optimization (Alternate Direction Method of Multipliers). This method yields superior results compared to Belief Propagation and has convergence guarantees. Simulation and experimental results are presented that evaluate the performance of the outlier detection method and the inference algorithm on synthetic and real-world data. 
### 19.SideInfNet: A Deep Neural Network for Semi-Automatic Semantic Segmentation with Side Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02634.pdf)
>  Fully-automatic execution is the ultimate goal for many Computer Vision applications. However, this objective is not always realistic in tasks associated with high failure costs, such as medical applications. For these tasks, a compromise between fully-automatic execution and user interactions is often preferred due to desirable accuracy and performance. Semi-automatic methods require minimal effort from experts by allowing them to provide cues that guide computer algorithms. Inspired by the practicality and applicability of the semi-automatic approach, this paper proposes a novel deep neural network architecture, namely SideInfNet that effectively integrates features learnt from images with side information extracted from user annotations to produce high quality semantic segmentation results. To evaluate our method, we applied the proposed network to three semantic segmentation tasks and conducted extensive experiments on benchmark datasets. Experimental results and comparison with prior work have verified the superiority of our model, suggesting the generality and effectiveness of the model in semi-automatic semantic segmentation. 
### 20.Visual search over billions of aerial and satellite images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02624.pdf)
>  We present a system for performing visual search over billions of aerial and satellite images. The purpose of visual search is to find images that are visually similar to a query image. We define visual similarity using 512 abstract visual features generated by a convolutional neural network that has been trained on aerial and satellite imagery. The features are converted to binary values to reduce data and compute requirements. We employ a hash-based search using Bigtable, a scalable database service from Google Cloud. Searching the continental United States at 1-meter pixel resolution, corresponding to approximately 2 billion images, takes approximately 0.1 seconds. This system enables real-time visual search over the surface of the earth, and an interactive demo is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://search.descarteslabs.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 21.Image Fine-grained Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02609.pdf)
>  Image inpainting techniques have shown promising improvement with the assistance of generative adversarial networks (GANs) recently. However, most of them often suffered from completed results with unreasonable structure or blurriness. To mitigate this problem, in this paper, we present a one-stage model that utilizes dense combinations of dilated convolutions to obtain larger and more effective receptive fields. Benefited from the property of this network, we can more easily recover large regions in an incomplete image. To better train this efficient generator, except for frequently-used VGG feature matching loss, we design a novel self-guided regression loss for concentrating on uncertain areas and enhancing the semantic details. Besides, we devise a geometrical alignment constraint item to compensate for the pixel-based distance between prediction features and ground-truth ones. We also employ a discriminator with local and global branches to ensure local-global contents consistency. To further improve the quality of generated images, discriminator feature matching on the local branch is introduced, which dynamically minimizes the similarity of intermediate features between synthetic and ground-truth patches. Extensive experiments on several public datasets demonstrate that our approach outperforms current state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at~\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zheng222/DMFN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 22.Adaptive Deep Metric Embeddings for Person Re-Identification under Occlusions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02603.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (ReID) under occlusions is a challenging problem in video surveillance. Most of existing person ReID methods take advantage of local features to deal with occlusions. However, these methods usually independently extract features from the local regions of an image without considering the relationship among different local regions. In this paper, we propose a novel person ReID method, which learns the spatial dependencies between the local regions and extracts the discriminative feature representation of the pedestrian image based on Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), dealing with the problem of occlusions. In particular, we propose a novel loss (termed the adaptive nearest neighbor loss) based on the classification uncertainty to effectively reduce intra-class variations while enlarging inter-class differences within the adaptive neighborhood of the sample. The proposed loss enables the deep neural network to adaptively learn discriminative metric embeddings, which significantly improve the generalization capability of recognizing unseen person identities. Extensive comparative evaluations on challenging person ReID datasets demonstrate the significantly improved performance of the proposed method compared with several state-of-the-art methods. 
### 23.Object-Adaptive LSTM Network for Real-time Visual Tracking with Adversarial Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02598.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning based visual tracking methods have obtained great success owing to the powerful feature representation ability of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Among these methods, classification-based tracking methods exhibit excellent performance while their speeds are heavily limited by the expensive computation for massive proposal feature extraction. In contrast, matching-based tracking methods (such as Siamese networks) possess remarkable speed superiority. However, the absence of online updating renders these methods unadaptable to significant object appearance variations. In this paper, we propose a novel real-time visual tracking method, which adopts an object-adaptive LSTM network to effectively capture the video sequential dependencies and adaptively learn the object appearance variations. For high computational efficiency, we also present a fast proposal selection strategy, which utilizes the matching-based tracking method to pre-estimate dense proposals and selects high-quality ones to feed to the LSTM network for classification. This strategy efficiently filters out some irrelevant proposals and avoids the redundant computation for feature extraction, which enables our method to operate faster than conventional classification-based tracking methods. In addition, to handle the problems of sample inadequacy and class imbalance during online tracking, we adopt a data augmentation technique based on the Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) to facilitate the training of the LSTM network. Extensive experiments on four visual tracking benchmarks demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of our method in terms of both tracking accuracy and speed, which exhibits great potentials of recurrent structures for visual tracking. 
### 24.Poisson Kernel Avoiding Self-Smoothing in Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02589.pdf)
>  Graph convolutional network (GCN) is now an effective tool to deal with non-Euclidean data, such as social networks in social behavior analysis, molecular structure analysis in the field of chemistry, and skeleton-based action recognition. Graph convolutional kernel is one of the most significant factors in GCN to extract nodes' feature, and some improvements of it have reached promising performance theoretically and experimentally. However, there is limited research about how exactly different data types and graph structures influence the performance of these kernels. Most existing methods used an adaptive convolutional kernel to deal with a given graph structure, which still not reveals the internal reasons. In this paper, we started from theoretical analysis of the spectral graph and studied the properties of existing graph convolutional kernels. While taking some designed datasets with specific parameters into consideration, we revealed the self-smoothing phenomenon of convolutional kernels. After that, we proposed the Poisson kernel that can avoid self-smoothing without training any adaptive kernel. Experimental results demonstrate that our Poisson kernel not only works well on the benchmark dataset where state-of-the-art methods work fine, but also is evidently superior to them in synthetic datasets. 
### 25.Learning Hyperspectral Feature Extraction and Classification with ResNeXt Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02585.pdf)
>  The Hyperspectral image (HSI) classification is a standard remote sensing task, in which each image pixel is given a label indicating the physical land-cover on the earth's surface. The achievements of image semantic segmentation and deep learning approaches on ordinary images have accelerated the research on hyperspectral image classification. Moreover, the utilization of both the spectral and spatial cues in hyperspectral images has shown improved classification accuracy in hyperspectral image classification. The use of only 3D Convolutional Neural Networks (3D-CNN) to extract both spatial and spectral cues from Hyperspectral images results in an explosion of parameters hence high computational cost. We propose network architecture called the MixedSN that utilizes the 3D convolutions to modeling spectral-spatial information in the early layers of the architecture and the 2D convolutions at the top layers which majorly deal with semantic abstraction. We constrain our architecture to ResNeXt block because of their performance and simplicity. Our model drastically reduced the number of parameters and achieved comparable classification performance with state-of-the-art methods on Indian Pine (IP) scene dataset, Pavia University scene (PU) dataset, Salinas (SA) Scene dataset, and Botswana (BW) dataset. 
### 26.Impact of ImageNet Model Selection on Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02559.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are widely used in image classification problems. However, little work addresses how features from different deep neural networks affect the domain adaptation problem. Existing methods often extract deep features from one ImageNet model, without exploring other neural networks. In this paper, we investigate how different ImageNet models affect transfer accuracy on domain adaptation problems. We extract features from sixteen distinct pre-trained ImageNet models and examine the performance of twelve benchmarking methods when using the features. Extensive experimental results show that a higher accuracy ImageNet model produces better features, and leads to higher accuracy on domain adaptation problems (with a correlation coefficient of up to 0.95). We also examine the architecture of each neural network to find the best layer for feature extraction. Together, performance from our features exceeds that of the state-of-the-art in three benchmark datasets. 
### 27.Opposite Structure Learning for Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02545.pdf)
>  Current adversarial adaptation methods attempt to align the cross-domain features whereas two challenges remain unsolved: 1) conditional distribution mismatch between different domains and 2) the bias of decision boundary towards the source domain. To solve these challenges, we propose a novel framework for semi-supervised domain adaptation by unifying the learning of opposite structures (UODA). UODA consists of a generator and two classifiers (i.e., the source-based and the target-based classifiers respectively) which are trained with opposite forms of losses for a unified object. The target-based classifier attempts to cluster the target features to improve intra-class density and enlarge inter-class divergence. Meanwhile, the source-based classifier is designed to scatter the source features to enhance the smoothness of decision boundary. Through the alternation of source-feature expansion and target-feature clustering procedures, the target features are well-enclosed within the dilated boundary of the corresponding source features. This strategy effectively makes the cross-domain features precisely aligned. To overcome the model collapse through training, we progressively update the measurement of distance and the feature representation on both domains via an adversarial training paradigm. Extensive experiments on the benchmarks of DomainNet and Office-home datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach over the state-of-the-art method. 
### 28.Continuous Geodesic Convolutions for Learning on 3D Shapes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02506.pdf)
>  The majority of descriptor-based methods for geometric processing of non-rigid shape rely on hand-crafted descriptors. Recently, learning-based techniques have been shown effective, achieving state-of-the-art results in a variety of tasks. Yet, even though these methods can in principle work directly on raw data, most methods still rely on hand-crafted descriptors at the input layer. In this work, we wish to challenge this practice and use a neural network to learn descriptors directly from the raw mesh. To this end, we introduce two modules into our neural architecture. The first is a local reference frame (LRF) used to explicitly make the features invariant to rigid transformations. The second is continuous convolution kernels that provide robustness to sampling. We show the efficacy of our proposed network in learning on raw meshes using two cornerstone tasks: shape matching, and human body parts segmentation. Our results show superior results over baseline methods that use hand-crafted descriptors. 
### 29.Activation Density driven Energy-Efficient Pruning in Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02949.pdf)
>  The process of neural network pruning with suitable fine-tuning and retraining can yield networks with considerably fewer parameters than the original with comparable degrees of accuracy. Typically, pruning methods require large, pre-trained networks as a starting point from which they perform a time-intensive iterative pruning and retraining algorithm. We propose a novel pruning in-training method that prunes a network real-time during training, reducing the overall training time to achieve an optimal compressed network. To do so, we introduce an activation density based analysis that identifies the optimal relative sizing or compression for each layer of the network. Our method removes the need for pre-training and is architecture agnostic, allowing it to be employed on a wide variety of systems. For VGG-19 and ResNet18 on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and TinyImageNet, we obtain exceedingly sparse networks (up to 200x reduction in parameters and &gt;60x reduction in inference compute operations in the best case) with comparable accuracies (up to 2%-3% loss with respect to the baseline network). By reducing the network size periodically during training, we achieve total training times that are shorter than those of previously proposed pruning methods. Furthermore, training compressed networks at different epochs with our proposed method yields considerable reduction in training compute complexity (1.6x -3.2x lower) at near iso-accuracy as compared to a baseline network trained entirely from scratch. 
### 30.AnimePose: Multi-person 3D pose estimation and animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02792.pdf)
>  3D animation of humans in action is quite challenging as it involves using a huge setup with several motion trackers all over the person's body to track the movements of every limb. This is time-consuming and may cause the person discomfort in wearing exoskeleton body suits with motion sensors. In this work, we present a trivial yet effective solution to generate 3D animation of multiple persons from a 2D video using deep learning. Although significant improvement has been achieved recently in 3D human pose estimation, most of the prior works work well in case of single person pose estimation and multi-person pose estimation is still a challenging problem. In this work, we firstly propose a supervised multi-person 3D pose estimation and animation framework namely AnimePose for a given input RGB video sequence. The pipeline of the proposed system consists of various modules: i) Person detection and segmentation, ii) Depth Map estimation, iii) Lifting 2D to 3D information for person localization iv) Person trajectory prediction and human pose tracking. Our proposed system produces comparable results on previous state-of-the-art 3D multi-person pose estimation methods on publicly available datasets MuCo-3DHP and MuPoTS-3D datasets and it also outperforms previous state-of-the-art human pose tracking methods by a significant margin of 11.7% performance gain on MOTA score on Posetrack 2018 dataset. 
### 31.Trust Your Model: Iterative Label Improvement and Robust Training by Confidence Based Filtering and Dataset Partitioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02705.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art, high capacity deep neural networks not only require large amounts of labelled training data, they are also highly susceptible to label errors in this data, typically resulting in large efforts and costs and therefore limiting the applicability of deep learning. To alleviate this issue, we propose a novel meta training and labelling scheme that is able to use inexpensive unlabelled data by taking advantage of the generalization power of deep neural networks. We show experimentally that by solely relying on one network architecture and our proposed scheme of iterative training and prediction steps, both label quality and resulting model accuracy can be improved significantly. Our method achieves state-of-the-art results, while being architecture agnostic and therefore broadly applicable. Compared to other methods dealing with erroneous labels, our approach does neither require another network to be trained, nor does it necessarily need an additional, highly accurate reference label set. Instead of removing samples from a labelled set, our technique uses additional sensor data without the need for manual labelling. 
### 32.Optimization of Structural Similarity in Mathematical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02657.pdf)
>  It is now generally accepted that Euclidean-based metrics may not always adequately represent the subjective judgement of a human observer. As a result, many image processing methodologies have been recently extended to take advantage of alternative visual quality measures, the most prominent of which is the Structural Similarity Index Measure (SSIM). The superiority of the latter over Euclidean-based metrics have been demonstrated in several studies. However, being focused on specific applications, the findings of such studies often lack generality which, if otherwise acknowledged, could have provided a useful guidance for further development of SSIM-based image processing algorithms. Accordingly, instead of focusing on a particular image processing task, in this paper, we introduce a general framework that encompasses a wide range of imaging applications in which the SSIM can be employed as a fidelity measure. Subsequently, we show how the framework can be used to cast some standard as well as original imaging tasks into optimization problems, followed by a discussion of a number of novel numerical strategies for their solution. 
### 33.Quantifying the Value of Lateral Views in Deep Learning for Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02582.pdf)
>  Most deep learning models in chest X-ray prediction utilize the posteroanterior (PA) view due to the lack of other views available. PadChest is a large-scale chest X-ray dataset that has almost 200 labels and multiple views available. In this work, we use PadChest to explore multiple approaches to merging the PA and lateral views for predicting the radiological labels associated with the X-ray image. We find that different methods of merging the model utilize the lateral view differently. We also find that including the lateral view increases performance for 32 labels in the dataset, while being neutral for the others. The increase in overall performance is comparable to the one obtained by using only the PA view with twice the amount of patients in the training set. 
### 34.Closing the Dequantization Gap: PixelCNN as a Single-Layer Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02547.pdf)
>  Flow models have recently made great progress at modeling quantized sensor data such as images and audio. Due to the continuous nature of flow models, dequantization is typically applied when using them for such quantized data. In this paper, we propose subset flows, a class of flows which can tractably transform subsets of the input space in one pass. As a result, they can be applied directly to quantized data without the need for dequantization. Based on this class of flows, we present a novel interpretation of several existing autoregressive models, including WaveNet and PixelCNN, as single-layer flow models defined through an invertible transformation between uniform noise and data samples. This interpretation suggests that these existing models, 1) admit a latent representation of data and 2) can be stacked in multiple flow layers. We demonstrate this by exploring the latent space of a PixelCNN and by stacking PixelCNNs in multiple flow layers. 
