# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 4 Feb 2020
### 1.YOLOff: You Only Learn Offsets for robust 6DoF object pose estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00911.pdf)
>  Estimating the 3D translation and orientation of an object is a challenging task that can be considered within augmented reality or robotic applications. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to perform 6 DoF object pose estimation from a single RGB-D image in cluttered scenes. We adopt an hybrid pipeline in two stages: data-driven and geometric respectively. The first data-driven step consists of a classification CNN to estimate the object 2D location in the image from local patches, followed by a regression CNN trained to predict the 3D location of a set of keypoints in the camera coordinate system. We robustly perform local voting to recover the location of each keypoint in the camera coordinate system. To extract the pose information, the geometric step consists in aligning the 3D points in the camera coordinate system with the corresponding 3D points in world coordinate system by minimizing a registration error, thus computing the pose. Our experiments on the standard dataset LineMod show that our approach more robust and accurate than state-of-the-art methods. 
### 2.EGO-CH: Dataset and Fundamental Tasks for Visitors BehavioralUnderstanding using Egocentric Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00899.pdf)
>  Equipping visitors of a cultural site with a wearable device allows to easily collect information about their preferences which can be exploited to improve the fruition of cultural goods with augmented reality. Moreover, egocentric video can be processed using computer vision and machine learning to enable an automated analysis of visitors' behavior. The inferred information can be used both online to assist the visitor and offline to support the manager of the site. Despite the positive impact such technologies can have in cultural heritage, the topic is currently understudied due to the limited number of public datasets suitable to study the considered problems. To address this issue, in this paper we propose EGOcentric-Cultural Heritage (EGO-CH), the first dataset of egocentric videos for visitors' behavior understanding in cultural sites. The dataset has been collected in two cultural sites and includes more than $27$ hours of video acquired by $70$ subjects, with labels for $26$ environments and over $200$ different Points of Interest. A large subset of the dataset, consisting of $60$ videos, is associated with surveys filled out by real visitors. To encourage research on the topic, we propose $4$ challenging tasks (room-based localization, point of interest/object recognition, object retrieval and survey prediction) useful to understand visitors' behavior and report baseline results on the dataset. 
### 3.Effect of top-down connections in Hierarchical Sparse Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00892.pdf)
>  Hierarchical Sparse Coding (HSC) is a powerful model to efficiently represent multi-dimensional, structured data such as images. The simplest solution to solve this computationally hard problem is to decompose it into independent layer-wise subproblems. However, neuroscientific evidence would suggest inter-connecting these subproblems as in the Predictive Coding (PC) theory, which adds top-down connections between consecutive layers. In this study, a new model called 2-Layers Sparse Predictive Coding (2L-SPC) is introduced to assess the impact of this inter-layer feedback connection. In particular, the 2L-SPC is compared with a Hierarchical Lasso (Hi-La) network made out of a sequence of independent Lasso layers. The 2L-SPC and the 2-layers Hi-La networks are trained on 4 different databases and with different sparsity parameters on each layer. First, we show that the overall prediction error generated by 2L-SPC is lower thanks to the feedback mechanism as it transfers prediction error between layers. Second, we demonstrate that the inference stage of the 2L-SPC is faster to converge than for the Hi-La model. Third, we show that the 2L-SPC also accelerates the learning process. Finally, the qualitative analysis of both models dictionaries, supported by their activation probability, show that the 2L-SPC features are more generic and informative. 
### 4.Adversarial-based neural network for affect estimations in the wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00883.pdf)
>  There is a growing interest in affective computing research nowadays given its crucial role in bridging humans with computers. This progress has been recently accelerated due to the emergence of bigger data. One recent advance in this field is the use of adversarial learning to improve model learning through augmented samples. However, the use of latent features, which is feasible through adversarial learning, is not largely explored, yet. This technique may also improve the performance of affective models, as analogously demonstrated in related fields, such as computer vision. To expand this analysis, in this work, we explore the use of latent features through our proposed adversarial-based networks for valence and arousal recognition in the wild. Specifically, our models operate by aggregating several modalities to our discriminator, which is further conditioned to the extracted latent features by the generator. Our experiments on the recently released SEWA dataset suggest the progressive improvements of our results. Finally, we show our competitive results on the Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-Wild (ABAW) challenge dataset 
### 5.Deep Self-Supervised Representation Learning for Free-Hand Sketch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00867.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle for the first time, the problem of self-supervised representation learning for free-hand sketches. This importantly addresses a common problem faced by the sketch community -- that annotated supervisory data are difficult to obtain. This problem is very challenging in that sketches are highly abstract and subject to different drawing styles, making existing solutions tailored for photos unsuitable. Key for the success of our self-supervised learning paradigm lies with our sketch-specific designs: (i) we propose a set of pretext tasks specifically designed for sketches that mimic different drawing styles, and (ii) we further exploit the use of a textual convolution network (TCN) in a dual-branch architecture for sketch feature learning, as means to accommodate the sequential stroke nature of sketches. We demonstrate the superiority of our sketch-specific designs through two sketch-related applications (retrieval and recognition) on a million-scale sketch dataset, and show that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised representation learning methods, and significantly narrows the performance gap between with supervised representation learning. 
### 6.Learning Extremal Representations with Deep Archetypal Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00815.pdf)
>  Archetypes are typical population representatives in an extremal sense, where typicality is understood as the most extreme manifestation of a trait or feature. In linear feature space, archetypes approximate the data convex hull allowing all data points to be expressed as convex mixtures of archetypes. However, it might not always be possible to identify meaningful archetypes in a given feature space. Learning an appropriate feature space and identifying suitable archetypes simultaneously addresses this problem. This paper introduces a generative formulation of the linear archetype model, parameterized by neural networks. By introducing the distance-dependent archetype loss, the linear archetype model can be integrated into the latent space of a variational autoencoder, and an optimal representation with respect to the unknown archetypes can be learned end-to-end. The reformulation of linear Archetypal Analysis as deep variational information bottleneck, allows the incorporation of arbitrarily complex side information during training. Furthermore, an alternative prior, based on a modified Dirichlet distribution, is proposed. The real-world applicability of the proposed method is demonstrated by exploring archetypes of female facial expressions while using multi-rater based emotion scores of these expressions as side information. A second application illustrates the exploration of the chemical space of small organic molecules. In this experiment, it is demonstrated that exchanging the side information but keeping the same set of molecules, e. g. using as side information the heat capacity of each molecule instead of the band gap energy, will result in the identification of different archetypes. As an application, these learned representations of chemical space might reveal distinct starting points for de novo molecular design. 
### 7.Syn2Real: Forgery Classification via Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00807.pdf)
>  In recent years, image manipulation is becoming increasingly more accessible, yielding more natural-looking images, owing to the modern tools in image processing and computer vision techniques. The task of the identification of forged images has become very challenging. Amongst different types of forgeries, the cases of Copy-Move forgery are increasing manifold, due to the difficulties involved to detect this tampering. To tackle such problems, publicly available datasets are insufficient. In this paper, we propose to create a synthetic forged dataset using deep semantic image inpainting and copy-move forgery algorithm. However, models trained on these datasets have a significant drop in performance when tested on more realistic data. To alleviate this problem, we use unsupervised domain adaptation networks to detect copy-move forgery in new domains by mapping the feature space from our synthetically generated dataset. Furthermore, we improvised the F1 score on CASIA and CoMoFoD dataset to 80.3% and 78.8%, respectively. Our approach can be helpful in those cases where the classification of data is unavailable. 
### 8.Towards Accurate Vehicle Behaviour Classification With Multi-Relational Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00786.pdf)
>  Understanding on-road vehicle behaviour from a temporal sequence of sensor data is gaining in popularity. In this paper, we propose a pipeline for understanding vehicle behaviour from a monocular image sequence or video. A monocular sequence along with scene semantics, optical flow and object labels are used to get spatial information about the object (vehicle) of interest and other objects (semantically contiguous set of locations) in the scene. This spatial information is encoded by a Multi-Relational Graph Convolutional Network (MR-GCN), and a temporal sequence of such encodings is fed to a recurrent network to label vehicle behaviours. The proposed framework can classify a variety of vehicle behaviours to high fidelity on datasets that are diverse and include European, Chinese and Indian on-road scenes. The framework also provides for seamless transfer of models across datasets without entailing re-annotation, retraining and even fine-tuning. We show comparative performance gain over baseline Spatio-temporal classifiers and detail a variety of ablations to showcase the efficacy of the framework. 
### 9.Hide-and-Tell: Learning to Bridge Photo Streams for Visual Storytelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00774.pdf)
>  Visual storytelling is a task of creating a short story based on photo streams. Unlike existing visual captioning, storytelling aims to contain not only factual descriptions, but also human-like narration and semantics. However, the VIST dataset consists only of a small, fixed number of photos per story. Therefore, the main challenge of visual storytelling is to fill in the visual gap between photos with narrative and imaginative story. In this paper, we propose to explicitly learn to imagine a storyline that bridges the visual gap. During training, one or more photos is randomly omitted from the input stack, and we train the network to produce a full plausible story even with missing photo(s). Furthermore, we propose for visual storytelling a hide-and-tell model, which is designed to learn non-local relations across the photo streams and to refine and improve conventional RNN-based models. In experiments, we show that our scheme of hide-and-tell, and the network design are indeed effective at storytelling, and that our model outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods in automatic metrics. Finally, we qualitatively show the learned ability to interpolate storyline over visual gaps. 
### 10.Modeling the Background for Incremental Learning in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00718.pdf)
>  Despite their effectiveness in a wide range of tasks, deep architectures suffer from some important limitations. In particular, they are vulnerable to catastrophic forgetting, i.e. they perform poorly when they are required to update their model as new classes are available but the original training set is not retained. This paper addresses this problem in the context of semantic segmentation. Current strategies fail on this task because they do not consider a peculiar aspect of semantic segmentation: since each training step provides annotation only for a subset of all possible classes, pixels of the background class (i.e. pixels that do not belong to any other classes) exhibit a semantic distribution shift. In this work we revisit classical incremental learning methods, proposing a new distillation-based framework which explicitly accounts for this shift. Furthermore, we introduce a novel strategy to initialize classifier's parameters, thus preventing biased predictions toward the background class. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach with an extensive evaluation on the Pascal-VOC 2012 and ADE20K datasets, significantly outperforming state of the art incremental learning methods. 
### 11.A Novel Incremental Cross-Modal Hashing Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00677.pdf)
>  Cross-modal retrieval deals with retrieving relevant items from one modality, when provided with a search query from another modality. Hashing techniques, where the data is represented as binary bits have specifically gained importance due to the ease of storage, fast computations and high accuracy. In real world, the number of data categories is continuously increasing, which requires algorithms capable of handling this dynamic scenario. In this work, we propose a novel incremental cross-modal hashing algorithm termed "iCMH", which can adapt itself to handle incoming data of new categories. The proposed approach consists of two sequential stages, namely, learning the hash codes and training the hash functions. At every stage, a small amount of old category data termed "exemplars" is is used so as not to forget the old data while trying to learn for the new incoming data, i.e. to avoid catastrophic forgetting. In the first stage, the hash codes for the exemplars is used, and simultaneously, hash codes for the new data is computed such that it maintains the semantic relations with the existing data. For the second stage, we propose both a non-deep and deep architectures to learn the hash functions effectively. Extensive experiments across a variety of cross-modal datasets and comparisons with state-of-the-art cross-modal algorithms shows the usefulness of our approach. 
### 12.Single-Stage Object Detection from Top-View Grid Maps on Custom Sensor Setups  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00667.pdf)
>  We present our approach to unsupervised domain adaptation for single-stage object detectors on top-view grid maps in automated driving scenarios. Our goal is to train a robust object detector on grid maps generated from custom sensor data and setups. We first introduce a single-stage object detector for grid maps based on RetinaNet. We then extend our model by image- and instance-level domain classifiers at different feature pyramid levels which are trained in an adversarial manner. This allows us to train robust object detectors for unlabeled domains. We evaluate our approach quantitatively on the nuScenes and KITTI benchmarks and present qualitative domain adaptation results for unlabeled measurements recorded by our experimental vehicle. Our results demonstrate that object detection accuracy for unlabeled domains can be improved by applying our domain adaptation strategy. 
### 13.Pix2Pix-based Stain-to-Stain Translation: A Solution for Robust Stain Normalization in Histopathology Images Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00647.pdf)
>  The diagnosis of cancer is mainly performed by visual analysis of the pathologists, through examining the morphology of the tissue slices and the spatial arrangement of the cells. If the microscopic image of a specimen is not stained, it will look colorless and textured. Therefore, chemical staining is required to create contrast and help identify specific tissue components. During tissue preparation due to differences in chemicals, scanners, cutting thicknesses, and laboratory protocols, similar tissues are usually varied significantly in appearance. This diversity in staining, in addition to Interpretive disparity among pathologists more is one of the main challenges in designing robust and flexible systems for automated analysis. To address the staining color variations, several methods for normalizing stain have been proposed. In our proposed method, a Stain-to-Stain Translation (STST) approach is used to stain normalization for Hematoxylin and Eosin (H&amp;E) stained histopathology images, which learns not only the specific color distribution but also the preserves corresponding histopathological pattern. We perform the process of translation based on the pix2pix framework, which uses the conditional generator adversarial networks (cGANs). Our approach showed excellent results, both mathematically and experimentally against the state of the art methods. We have made the source code publicly available. 
### 14.Classification of Chest Diseases using Wavelet Transforms and Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00625.pdf)
>  Chest X-ray scan is a most often used modality by radiologists to diagnose many chest related diseases in their initial stages. The proposed system aids the radiologists in making decision about the diseases found in the scans more efficiently. Our system combines the techniques of image processing for feature enhancement and deep learning for classification among diseases. We have used the ChestX-ray14 database in order to train our deep learning model on the 14 different labeled diseases found in it. The proposed research shows the significant improvement in the results by using wavelet transforms as pre-processing technique. 
### 15.Regularizers for Single-step Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00614.pdf)
>  The progress in the last decade has enabled machine learning models to achieve impressive performance across a wide range of tasks in Computer Vision. However, a plethora of works have demonstrated the susceptibility of these models to adversarial samples. Adversarial training procedure has been proposed to defend against such adversarial attacks. Adversarial training methods augment mini-batches with adversarial samples, and typically single-step (non-iterative) methods are used for generating these adversarial samples. However, models trained using single-step adversarial training converge to degenerative minima where the model merely appears to be robust. The pseudo robustness of these models is due to the gradient masking effect. Although multi-step adversarial training helps to learn robust models, they are hard to scale due to the use of iterative methods for generating adversarial samples. To address these issues, we propose three different types of regularizers that help to learn robust models using single-step adversarial training methods. The proposed regularizers mitigate the effect of gradient masking by harnessing on properties that differentiate a robust model from that of a pseudo robust model. Performance of models trained using the proposed regularizers is on par with models trained using computationally expensive multi-step adversarial training methods. 
### 16.Facial Affect Recognition in the Wild Using Multi-Task Learning Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00606.pdf)
>  This paper presents a neural network based method Multi-Task Affect Net(MTANet) submitted to the Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-Wild Challenge in FG2020. This method is a multi-task network and based on SE-ResNet modules. By utilizing multi-task learning, this network can estimate and recognize three quantified affective models: valence and arousal, action units, and seven basic emotions simultaneously. MTANet achieve Concordance Correlation Coefficient(CCC) rates of 0.28 and 0.34 for valence and arousal, F1-score of 0.427 and 0.32 for AUs detection and categorical emotion classification. 
### 17.Super-resolution of multispectral satellite images using convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00580.pdf)
>  Super-resolution aims at increasing image resolution by algorithmic means and has progressed over the recent years due to advances in the fields of computer vision and deep learning. Convolutional Neural Networks based on a variety of architectures have been applied to the problem, e.g. autoencoders and residual networks. While most research focuses on the processing of photographs consisting only of RGB color channels, little work can be found concentrating on multi-band, analytic satellite imagery. Satellite images often include a panchromatic band, which has higher spatial resolution but lower spectral resolution than the other bands. In the field of remote sensing, there is a long tradition of applying pan-sharpening to satellite images, i.e. bringing the multispectral bands to the higher spatial resolution by merging them with the panchromatic band. To our knowledge there are so far no approaches to super-resolution which take advantage of the panchromatic band. In this paper we propose a method to train state-of-the-art CNNs using pairs of lower-resolution multispectral and high-resolution pan-sharpened image tiles in order to create super-resolved analytic images. The derived quality metrics show that the method improves information content of the processed images. We compare the results created by four CNN architectures, with RedNet30 performing best. 
### 18.Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Object Detection using Forward-Backward Cyclic Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00575.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to perform the unsupervised domain adaptation for object detection through forward-backward cyclic (FBC) training. Recent adversarial training based domain adaptation methods have shown their effectiveness on minimizing domain discrepancy via marginal feature distributions alignment. However, aligning the marginal feature distributions does not guarantee the alignment of class conditional distributions. This limitation is more evident when adapting object detectors as the domain discrepancy is larger compared to the image classification task, e.g. various number of objects exist in one image and the majority of content in an image is the background. This motivates us to learn domain invariance for category level semantics via gradient alignment. Intuitively, if the gradients of two domains point in similar directions, then the learning of one domain can improve that of another domain. To achieve gradient alignment, we propose Forward-Backward Cyclic Adaptation, which iteratively computes adaptation from source to target via backward hopping and from target to source via forward passing. In addition, we align low-level features for adapting holistic color/texture via adversarial training. However, the detector performs well on both domains is not ideal for target domain. As such, in each cycle, domain diversity is enforced by maximum entropy regularization on the source domain to penalize confident source-specific learning and minimum entropy regularization on target domain to intrigue target-specific learning. Theoretical analysis of the training process is provided, and extensive experiments on challenging cross-domain object detection datasets have shown the superiority of our approach over the state-of-the-art. 
### 19.DiverseDepth: Affine-invariant Depth Prediction Using Diverse Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00569.pdf)
>  We present a method for depth estimation with monocular images, which can predict high-quality depth on diverse scenes up to an affine transformation, thus preserving accurate shapes of a scene. Previous methods that predict metric depth often work well only for a specific scene. In contrast, learning relative depth (information of being closer or further) can enjoy better generalization, with the price of failing to recover the accurate geometric shape of the scene. In this work, we propose a dataset and methods to tackle this dilemma, aiming to predict accurate depth up to an affine transformation with good generalization to diverse scenes. First we construct a large-scale and diverse dataset, termed Diverse Scene Depth dataset (DiverseDepth), which has a broad range of scenes and foreground contents. Compared with previous learning objectives, i.e., learning metric depth or relative depth, we propose to learn the affine-invariant depth using our diverse dataset to ensure both generalization and high-quality geometric shapes of scenes. Furthermore, in order to train the model on the complex dataset effectively, we propose a multi-curriculum learning method. Experiments show that our method outperforms previous methods on 8 datasets by a large margin with the zero-shot test setting, demonstrating the excellent generalization capacity of the learned model to diverse scenes. The reconstructed point clouds with the predicted depth show that our method can recover high-quality 3D shapes. 
### 20.Widening and Squeezing: Towards Accurate and Efficient QNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00555.pdf)
>  Quantization neural networks (QNNs) are very attractive to the industry because their extremely cheap calculation and storage overhead, but their performance is still worse than that of networks with full-precision parameters. Most of existing methods aim to enhance performance of QNNs especially binary neural networks by exploiting more effective training techniques. However, we find the representation capability of quantization features is far weaker than full-precision features by experiments. We address this problem by projecting features in original full-precision networks to high-dimensional quantization features. Simultaneously, redundant quantization features will be eliminated in order to avoid unrestricted growth of dimensions for some datasets. Then, a compact quantization neural network but with sufficient representation ability will be established. Experimental results on benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method is able to establish QNNs with much less parameters and calculations but almost the same performance as that of full-precision baseline models, e.g. $29.9\%$ top-1 error of binary ResNet-18 on the ImageNet ILSVRC 2012 dataset. 
### 21.Towards High Performance Human Keypoint Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00537.pdf)
>  Human keypoint detection from a single image is very challenging due to occlusion, blur, illumination and scale variance. In this paper, we address this problem from three aspects by devising an efficient network structure, proposing three effective training strategies, and exploiting four useful postprocessing techniques. First, we find that context information plays an important role in reasoning human body configuration and invisible keypoints. Inspired by this, we propose a cascaded context mixer (CCM), which efficiently integrates spatial and channel context information and progressively refines them. Then, to maximize CCM's representation capability, we develop a hard-negative person detection mining strategy and a joint-training strategy by exploiting abundant unlabeled data. It enables CCM to learn discriminative features from massive diverse poses. Third, we present several sub-pixel refinement techniques for postprocessing keypoint predictions to improve detection accuracy. Extensive experiments on the MS COCO keypoint detection benchmark demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method over representative state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods. Our single model achieves comparable performance with the winner of the 2018 COCO Keypoint Detection Challenge. The final ensemble model sets a new SOTA on this benchmark. 
### 22.Automatic Pruning for Quantized Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00523.pdf)
>  Neural network quantization and pruning are two techniques commonly used to reduce the computational complexity and memory footprint of these models for deployment. However, most existing pruning strategies operate on full-precision and cannot be directly applied to discrete parameter distributions after quantization. In contrast, we study a combination of these two techniques to achieve further network compression. In particular, we propose an effective pruning strategy for selecting redundant low-precision filters. Furthermore, we leverage Bayesian optimization to efficiently determine the pruning ratio for each layer. We conduct extensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet with various architectures and precisions. In particular, for ResNet-18 on ImageNet, we prune 26.12% of the model size with Binarized Neural Network quantization, achieving a top-1 classification accuracy of 47.32% in a model of 2.47 MB and 59.30% with a 2-bit DoReFa-Net in 4.36 MB. 
### 23.Novelty Detection via Non-Adversarial Generative Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00522.pdf)
>  One-class novelty detection is the process of determining if a query example differs from the training examples (the target class). Most of previous strategies attempt to learn the real characteristics of target sample by using generative adversarial networks (GANs) methods. However, the training process of GANs remains challenging, suffering from instability issues such as mode collapse and vanishing gradients. In this paper, by adopting non-adversarial generative networks, a novel decoder-encoder framework is proposed for novelty detection task, insteading of classical encoder-decoder style. Under the non-adversarial framework, both latent space and image reconstruction space are jointly optimized, leading to a more stable training process with super fast convergence and lower training losses. During inference, inspired by cycleGAN, we design a new testing scheme to conduct image reconstruction, which is the reverse way of training sequence. Experiments show that our model has the clear superiority over cutting-edge novelty detectors and achieves the state-of-the-art results on the datasets. 
### 24.Neural Sign Language Translation by Learning Tokenization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00479.pdf)
>  Sign Language Translation has attained considerable success recently, raising hopes for improved communication with the Deaf. A pre-processing step called tokenization improves the success of translations. Tokens can be learned from sign videos if supervised data is available. However, data annotation at the gloss level is costly, and annotated data is scarce. The paper utilizes Adversarial, Multitask, Transfer Learning to search for semi-supervised tokenization approaches without burden of additional labeling. It provides extensive experiments to compare all the methods in different settings to conduct a deeper analysis. In the case of no additional target annotation besides sentences, the proposed methodology attains 13.25 BLUE-4 and 36.28 ROUGE scores which improves the current state-of-the-art by 4 points in BLUE-4 and 5 points in ROUGE. 
### 25.Effect of Analysis Window and Feature Selection on Classification of Hand Movements Using EMG Signal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00461.pdf)
>  Electromyography (EMG) signals have been successfully employed for driving prosthetic limbs of a single or double degree of freedom. This principle works by using the amplitude of the EMG signals to decide between one or two simpler movements. This method underperforms as compare to the contemporary advances done at the mechanical, electronics, and robotics end, and it lacks intuition. Recently, research on myoelectric control based on pattern recognition (PR) shows promising results with the aid of machine learning classifiers. Using the approach termed as, EMG-PR, EMG signals are divided into analysis windows, and features are extracted for each window. These features are then fed to the machine learning classifiers as input. By offering multiple class movements and intuitive control, this method has the potential to power an amputated subject to perform everyday life movements. In this paper, we investigate the effect of the analysis window and feature selection on classification accuracy of different hand and wrist movements using time-domain features. We show that effective data preprocessing and optimum feature selection helps to improve the classification accuracy of hand movements. We use publicly available hand and wrist gesture dataset of $40$ intact subjects for experimentation. Results computed using different classification algorithms show that the proposed preprocessing and features selection outperforms the baseline and achieve up to $98\%$ classification accuracy. 
### 26.Regularizing Reasons for Outfit Evaluation with Gradient Penalty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00460.pdf)
>  In this paper, we build an outfit evaluation system which provides feedbacks consisting of a judgment with a convincing explanation. The system is trained in a supervised manner which faithfully follows the domain knowledge in fashion. We create the EVALUATION3 dataset which is annotated with judgment, the decisive reason for the judgment, and all corresponding attributes (e.g. print, silhouette, and material \etc.). In the training process, features of all attributes in an outfit are first extracted and then concatenated as the input for the intra-factor compatibility net. Then, the inter-factor compatibility net is used to compute the loss for judgment. We penalize the gradient of judgment loss of so that our Grad-CAM-like reason is regularized to be consistent with the labeled reason. In inference, according to the obtained information of judgment, reason, and attributes, a user-friendly explanation sentence is generated by the pre-defined templates. The experimental results show that the obtained network combines the advantages of high precision and good interpretation. 
### 27.3D Shape Segmentation with Geometric Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00397.pdf)
>  The semantic segmentation of 3D shapes with a high-density of vertices could be impractical due to large memory requirements. To make this problem computationally tractable, we propose a neural-network based approach that produces 3D augmented views of the 3D shape to solve the whole segmentation as sub-segmentation problems. 3D augmented views are obtained by projecting vertices and normals of a 3D shape onto 2D regular grids taken from different viewpoints around the shape. These 3D views are then processed by a Convolutional Neural Network to produce a probability distribution function (pdf) over the set of the semantic classes for each vertex. These pdfs are then re-projected on the original 3D shape and postprocessed using contextual information through Conditional Random Fields. We validate our approach using 3D shapes of publicly available datasets and of real objects that are reconstructed using photogrammetry techniques. We compare our approach against state-of-the-art alternatives. 
### 28.A Novel Graph based Trajectory Predictor with Pseudo Oracle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00391.pdf)
>  Pedestrian trajectory prediction in dynamic scenes remains a challenging and critical problem in numerous applications, such as self-driving cars and socially aware robots. Challenges concentrate on capturing pedestrians' social interactions and handling their future uncertainties. Pedestrians' head orientations can be used as an oracle that indicates relevant pedestrians[1], thus is beneficial to model social interactions. Moreover, latent variable distributions of pedestrians'future trajectories can be termed as another oracle. However, few works fully utilize these oracle information for an improved prediction performance. In this work, we propose GTPPO (Graph-based Trajectory Predictor with Pseudo Oracle), which is a generative model-based trajectory predictor. Pedestrians'social interactions are captured by the proposed GA2T (Graph Attention social Attention neTwork) module. Social attention is calculated on the basis of pedestrians' moving directions, which are termed as a pseudo oracle. Moreover, we propose a latent variable predictor to learn the latent variable distribution from observed trajectories. Such latent variable distribution reflects pedestrians'future trajectories, and therefore can be taken as another pseudo oracle. We compare the performance of GTPPO with several recently proposed methods on benchmarking datasets. Quantitative evaluations demonstrate that GTPPO outperforms state-of-the-art methods with lower average and final displacement errors. Qualitative evaluations show that GTPPO successfully recognizes the sudden motion changes since the estimated latent variable reflects the future trajectories. 
### 29.Interpreting video features: a comparison of 3D convolutional networks and convolutional LSTM networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00367.pdf)
>  A number of techniques for interpretability have been presented for deep learning in computer vision, typically with the goal of understanding what it is that the networks have actually learned underneath a given classification decision. However, when it comes to deep video architectures, interpretability is still in its infancy and we do not yet have a clear concept of how we should decode spatiotemporal features. In this paper, we present a study comparing how 3D convolutional networks and convolutional LSTM networks learn features across temporally dependent frames. This is the first comparison of two video models that both convolve to learn spatial features but that have principally different methods of modeling time. Additionally, we extend the concept of meaningful perturbation introduced by Fong &amp; Vedaldi (2017) to the temporal dimension to search for the most meaningful part of a sequence for a classification decision. 
### 30.Adversarial Generation of Continuous Implicit Shape Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00349.pdf)
>  This work presents a generative adversarial architecture for generating three-dimensional shapes based on signed distance representations. While the deep generation of shapes has been mostly tackled by voxel and surface point cloud approaches, our generator learns to approximate the signed distance for any point in space given prior latent information. Although structurally similar to generative point cloud approaches, this formulation can be evaluated with arbitrary point density during inference, leading to fine-grained details in generated outputs. Furthermore, we study the effects of using either progressively growing voxel- or point-processing networks as discriminators, and propose a refinement scheme to strengthen the generator's capabilities in modeling the zero iso-surface decision boundary of shapes. We train our approach on the ShapeNet benchmark dataset and validate, both quantitatively and qualitatively, its performance in generating realistic 3D shapes. 
### 31.3D Object Detection on Point Clouds using Local Ground-aware and Adaptive Representation of scenes' surface  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00336.pdf)
>  A novel, adaptive ground-aware, and cost-effective 3D Object Detection pipeline is proposed. The ground surface representation introduced in this paper, in comparison to its uni-planar counterparts (methods that model the surface of a whole 3D scene using single plane), is far more accurate while being ~10x faster. The novelty of the ground representation lies both in the way in which the ground surface of the scene is represented in Lidar perception problems, as well as in the (cost-efficient) way in which it is computed. Furthermore, the proposed object detection pipeline builds on the traditional two-stage object detection models by incorporating the ability to dynamically reason the surface of the scene, ultimately achieving a new state-of-the-art 3D object detection performance among the two-stage Lidar Object Detection pipelines. 
### 32.Few-Shot Scene Adaptive Crowd Counting Using Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00264.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of few-shot scene adaptive crowd counting. Given a target camera scene, our goal is to adapt a model to this specific scene with only a few labeled images of that scene. The solution to this problem has potential applications in numerous real-world scenarios, where we ideally like to deploy a crowd counting model specially adapted to a target camera. We accomplish this challenge by taking inspiration from the recently introduced learning-to-learn paradigm in the context of few-shot regime. In training, our method learns the model parameters in a way that facilitates the fast adaptation to the target scene. At test time, given a target scene with a small number of labeled data, our method quickly adapts to that scene with a few gradient updates to the learned parameters. Our extensive experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms other alternatives in few-shot scene adaptive crowd counting. 
### 33.Foreground object segmentation in RGB-D data implemented on GPU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00250.pdf)
>  This paper presents a GPU implementation of two foreground object segmentation algorithms: Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) and Pixel Based Adaptive Segmenter (PBAS) modified for RGB-D data support. The simultaneous use of colour (RGB) and depth (D) data allows to improve segmentation accuracy, especially in case of colour camouflage, illumination changes and occurrence of shadows. Three GPUs were used to accelerate calculations: embedded NVIDIA Jetson TX2 (Maxwell architecture), mobile NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050m (Pascal architecture) and efficient NVIDIA RTX 2070 (Turing architecture). Segmentation accuracy comparable to previously published works was obtained. Moreover, the use of a GPU platform allowed to get real-time image processing. In addition, the system has been adapted to work with two RGB-D sensors: RealSense D415 and D435 from Intel. 
### 34.Rigidity Properties of the Blum Medial Axis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00241.pdf)
>  We consider the Blum medial axis of a region in $\mathbb R^n$ with piecewise smooth boundary and examine its "rigidity properties", by which we mean properties preserved under diffeomorphisms of the regions preserving the medial axis. There are several possible versions of rigidity depending on what features of the Blum medial axis we wish to retain. We use a form of the cross ratio from projective geometry to show that in the case of four smooth sheets of the medial axis meeting along a branching submanifold, the cross ratio defines a function on the branching sheet which must be preserved under any diffeomorphism of the medial axis with another. Second, we show in the generic case, along a Y-branching submanifold that there are three cross ratios involving the three limiting tangent planes of the three smooth sheets and each of the hyperplanes defined by one of the radial lines and the tangent space to the Y-branching submanifold at the point, which again must be preserved. Moreover, the triple of cross ratios then locally uniquely determines the angles between the smooth sheets. Third, we observe that for a diffeomorphism of the region preserving the Blum medial axis and the infinitesimal directions of the radial lines, the second derivative of the diffeomorphism at points of the medial axis must satisfy a condition relating the radial shape operators and hence the differential geometry of the boundaries at corresponding boundary points. 
### 35.Domain segmentation and adjustment for generalized zero-shot learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00226.pdf)
>  In the generalized zero-shot learning, synthesizing unseen data with generative models has been the most popular method to address the imbalance of training data between seen and unseen classes. However, this method requires that the unseen semantic information is available during the training stage, and training generative models is not trivial. Given that the generator of these models can only be trained with seen classes, we argue that synthesizing unseen data may not be an ideal approach for addressing the domain shift caused by the imbalance of the training data. In this paper, we propose to realize the generalized zero-shot recognition in different domains. Thus, unseen (seen) classes can avoid the effect of the seen (unseen) classes. In practice, we propose a threshold and probabilistic distribution joint method to segment the testing instances into seen, unseen and uncertain domains. Moreover, the uncertain domain is further adjusted to alleviate the domain shift. Extensive experiments on five benchmark datasets show that the proposed method exhibits competitive performance compared with that based on generative models. 
### 36.Large Hole Image Inpainting With Compress-Decompression Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00199.pdf)
>  Image inpainting technology can patch images with missing pixels. Existing methods propose convolutional neural networks to repair corrupted images. The networks focus on the valid pixels around the missing pixels, use the encoder-decoder structure to extract valuable information, and use the information to fix the vacancy. However, if the missing part is too large to provide useful information, the result will exist blur, color mixing, and object confusion. In order to patch the large hole image, we study the existing approaches and propose a new network, the compression-decompression network. The compression network takes responsibility for inpainting and generating a down-sample image. The decompression network takes responsibility for extending the down-sample image into the original resolution. We construct the compression network with the residual network and propose a similar texture selection algorithm to extend the image that is better than using the super-resolution network. We evaluate our model over Places2 and CelebA data set and use the similarity ratio as the metric. The result shows that our model has better performance when the inpainting task has many conflicts. 
### 37.Deeply Activated Salient Region for Instance Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00185.pdf)
>  Due to the lack of suitable feature representation, effective solution to the instance search is still slow to occur. In this paper, a novel instance-level feature descriptor is proposed. The feature is built upon the salient instance region that is activated by a layer-wise back-propagation process. Such kind of region usually covers the major part an instance and represents the common patterns shared among instances of the same category. The back-propagation starts from the last convolution layer of pre-trained CNN that is originally used for classification. This makes the feature representation remain effective for instances from both known and unknown categories. Moreover, experiments show that it is effective for instance as well as image search tasks. 
### 38.AdvJND: Generating Adversarial Examples with Just Noticeable Difference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00179.pdf)
>  Compared with traditional machine learning models, deep neural networks perform better, especially in image classification tasks. However, they are vulnerable to adversarial examples. Adding small perturbations on examples causes a good-performance model to misclassify the crafted examples, without category differences in the human eyes, and fools deep models successfully. There are two requirements for generating adversarial examples: the attack success rate and image fidelity metrics. Generally, perturbations are increased to ensure the adversarial examples' high attack success rate; however, the adversarial examples obtained have poor concealment. To alleviate the tradeoff between the attack success rate and image fidelity, we propose a method named AdvJND, adding visual model coefficients, just noticeable difference coefficients, in the constraint of a distortion function when generating adversarial examples. In fact, the visual subjective feeling of the human eyes is added as a priori information, which decides the distribution of perturbations, to improve the image quality of adversarial examples. We tested our method on the FashionMNIST, CIFAR10, and MiniImageNet datasets. Adversarial examples generated by our AdvJND algorithm yield gradient distributions that are similar to those of the original inputs. Hence, the crafted noise can be hidden in the original inputs, thus improving the attack concealment significantly. 
### 39.Unbiased Scene Graph Generation via Rich and Fair Semantic Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00176.pdf)
>  Extracting graph representation of visual scenes in image is a challenging task in computer vision. Although there has been encouraging progress of scene graph generation in the past decade, we surprisingly find that the performance of existing approaches is largely limited by the strong biases, which mainly stem from (1) unconsciously assuming relations with certain semantic properties such as symmetric and (2) imbalanced annotations over different relations. To alleviate the negative effects of these biases, we proposed a new and simple architecture named Rich and Fair semantic extraction network (RiFa for short), to not only capture rich semantic properties of the relations, but also fairly predict relations with different scale of annotations. Using pseudo-siamese networks, RiFa embeds the subject and object respectively to distinguish their semantic differences and meanwhile preserve their underlying semantic properties. Then, it further predicts subject-object relations based on both the visual and semantic features of entities under certain contextual area, and fairly ranks the relation predictions for those with a few annotations. Experiments on the popular Visual Genome dataset show that RiFa achieves state-of-the-art performance under several challenging settings of scene graph task. Especially, it performs significantly better on capturing different semantic properties of relations, and obtains the best overall per relation performance. 
### 40.Deep Multi-View Enhancement Hashing for Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00169.pdf)
>  Hashing is an efficient method for nearest neighbor search in large-scale data space by embedding high-dimensional feature descriptors into a similarity preserving Hamming space with a low dimension. However, large-scale high-speed retrieval through binary code has a certain degree of reduction in retrieval accuracy compared to traditional retrieval methods. We have noticed that multi-view methods can well preserve the diverse characteristics of data. Therefore, we try to introduce the multi-view deep neural network into the hash learning field, and design an efficient and innovative retrieval model, which has achieved a significant improvement in retrieval performance. In this paper, we propose a supervised multi-view hash model which can enhance the multi-view information through neural networks. This is a completely new hash learning method that combines multi-view and deep learning methods. The proposed method utilizes an effective view stability evaluation method to actively explore the relationship among views, which will affect the optimization direction of the entire network. We have also designed a variety of multi-data fusion methods in the Hamming space to preserve the advantages of both convolution and multi-view. In order to avoid excessive computing resources on the enhancement procedure during retrieval, we set up a separate structure called memory network which participates in training together. The proposed method is systematically evaluated on the CIFAR-10, NUS-WIDE and MS-COCO datasets, and the results show that our method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art single-view and multi-view hashing methods. 
### 41.Asymmetric Distribution Measure for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00153.pdf)
>  The core idea of metric-based few-shot image classification is to directly measure the relations between query images and support classes to learn transferable feature embeddings. Previous work mainly focuses on image-level feature representations, which actually cannot effectively estimate a class's distribution due to the scarcity of samples. Some recent work shows that local descriptor based representations can achieve richer representations than image-level based representations. However, such works are still based on a less effective instance-level metric, especially a symmetric metric, to measure the relations between query images and support classes. Given the natural asymmetric relation between a query image and a support class, we argue that an asymmetric measure is more suitable for metric-based few-shot learning. To that end, we propose a novel Asymmetric Distribution Measure (ADM) network for few-shot learning by calculating a joint local and global asymmetric measure between two multivariate local distributions of queries and classes. Moreover, a task-aware Contrastive Measure Strategy (CMS) is proposed to further enhance the measure function. On popular miniImageNet and tieredImageNet, we achieve $3.02\%$ and $1.56\%$ gains over the state-of-the-art method on the $5$-way $1$-shot task, respectively, validating our innovative design of asymmetric distribution measures for few-shot learning. 
### 42.Towards Evaluating Gaussian Blurring in Perceptual Hashing as a Facial Image Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00140.pdf)
>  With the growth in social media, there is a huge amount of images of faces available on the internet. Often, people use other people's pictures on their own profile. Perceptual hashing is often used to detect whether two images are identical. Therefore, it can be used to detect whether people are misusing others' pictures. In perceptual hashing, a hash is calculated for a given image, and a new test image is mapped to one of the existing hashes if duplicate features are present. Therefore, it can be used as an image filter to flag banned image content or adversarial attacks --which are modifications that are made on purpose to deceive the filter-- even though the content might be changed to deceive the filters. For this reason, it is critical for perceptual hashing to be robust enough to take transformations such as resizing, cropping, and slight pixel modifications into account. In this paper, we would like to propose to experiment with effect of gaussian blurring in perceptual hashing for detecting misuse of personal images specifically for face images. We hypothesize that use of gaussian blurring on the image before calculating its hash will increase the accuracy of our filter that detects adversarial attacks which consist of image cropping, adding text annotation, and image rotation. 
### 43.Training-free Monocular 3D Event Detection System for Traffic Surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00137.pdf)
>  We focus on the problem of detecting traffic events in a surveillance scenario, including the detection of both vehicle actions and traffic collisions. Existing event detection systems are mostly learning-based and have achieved convincing performance when a large amount of training data is available. However, in real-world scenarios, collecting sufficient labeled training data is expensive and sometimes impossible (e.g. for traffic collision detection). Moreover, the conventional 2D representation of surveillance views is easily affected by occlusions and different camera views in nature. To deal with the aforementioned problems, in this paper, we propose a training-free monocular 3D event detection system for traffic surveillance. Our system firstly projects the vehicles into the 3D Euclidean space and estimates their kinematic states. Then we develop multiple simple yet effective ways to identify the events based on the kinematic patterns, which need no further training. Consequently, our system is robust to the occlusions and the viewpoint changes. Exclusive experiments report the superior result of our method on large-scale real-world surveillance datasets, which validates the effectiveness of our proposed system. 
### 44.Global Texture Enhancement for Fake Face Detection in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00133.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) can generate realistic fake face images that can easily fool human beings.On the contrary, a common Convolutional Neural Network(CNN) discriminator can achieve more than 99.9% accuracyin discerning fake/real images. In this paper, we conduct an empirical study on fake/real faces, and have two important observations: firstly, the texture of fake faces is substantially different from real ones; secondly, global texture statistics are more robust to image editing and transferable to fake faces from different GANs and datasets. Motivated by the above observations, we propose a new architecture coined as Gram-Net, which leverages global image texture representations for robust fake image detection. Experimental results on several datasets demonstrate that our Gram-Net outperforms existing approaches. Especially, our Gram-Netis more robust to image editings, e.g. down-sampling, JPEG compression, blur, and noise. More importantly, our Gram-Net generalizes significantly better in detecting fake faces from GAN models not seen in the training phase and can perform decently in detecting fake natural images. 
### 45.AdvectiveNet: An Eulerian-Lagrangian Fluidic reservoir for Point Cloud Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00118.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel physics-inspired deep learning approach for point cloud processing motivated by the natural flow phenomena in fluid mechanics. Our learning architecture jointly defines data in an Eulerian world space, using a static background grid, and a Lagrangian material space, using moving particles. By introducing this Eulerian-Lagrangian representation, we are able to naturally evolve and accumulate particle features using flow velocities generated from a generalized, high-dimensional force field. We demonstrate the efficacy of this system by solving various point cloud classification and segmentation problems with state-of-the-art performance. The entire geometric reservoir and data flow mimics the pipeline of the classic PIC/FLIP scheme in modeling natural flow, bridging the disciplines of geometric machine learning and physical simulation. 
### 46.Better Compression with Deep Pre-Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00113.pdf)
>  Could we compress images via standard codecs while avoiding artifacts? The answer is obvious -- this is doable as long as the bit budget is generous enough. What if the allocated bit-rate for compression is insufficient? Then unfortunately, artifacts are a fact of life. Many attempts were made over the years to fight this phenomenon, with various degrees of success. In this work we aim to break the unholy connection between bit-rate and image quality, and propose a way to circumvent compression artifacts by pre-editing the incoming image and modifying its content to fit the given bits. We design this editing operation as a learned convolutional neural network, and formulate an optimization problem for its training. Our loss takes into account a proximity between the original image and the edited one, a bit-budget penalty over the proposed image, and a no-reference image quality measure for forcing the outcome to be visually pleasing. The proposed approach is demonstrated on the popular JPEG compression, showing savings in bits and/or improvements in visual quality, obtained with intricate editing effects. 
### 47.Near-Lossless Post-Training Quantization of Deep Neural Networks via a Piecewise Linear Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00104.pdf)
>  Quantization plays an important role for energy-efficient deployment of deep neural networks (DNNs) on resource-limited devices. Post-training quantization is crucial since it does not require retraining or accessibility to the full training dataset. The conventional post-training uniform quantization scheme achieves satisfactory results by converting DNNs from full-precision to 8-bit integers, however, it suffers from significant performance degradation when quantizing to lower precision such as 4 bits. <br>In this paper, we propose a piecewise linear quantization method to enable accurate post-training quantization. Inspired from the fact that the weight tensors have bell-shaped distributions with long tails, our approach breaks the entire quantization range into two non-overlapping regions for each tensor, with each region being assigned an equal number of quantization levels. The optimal break-point that divides the entire range is found by minimizing the quantization error. Extensive results show that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on image classification, semantic segmentation and object detection. It is possible to quantize weights to 4 bits without retraining while nearly maintaining the performance of the original full-precision model. 
### 48.Hybrid Graph Neural Networks for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00092.pdf)
>  Crowd counting is an important yet challenging task due to the large scale and density variation. Recent investigations have shown that distilling rich relations among multi-scale features and exploiting useful information from the auxiliary task, i.e., localization, are vital for this task. Nevertheless, how to comprehensively leverage these relations within a unified network architecture is still a challenging problem. In this paper, we present a novel network structure called Hybrid Graph Neural Network (HyGnn) which targets to relieve the problem by interweaving the multi-scale features for crowd density as well as its auxiliary task (localization) together and performing joint reasoning over a graph. Specifically, HyGnn integrates a hybrid graph to jointly represent the task-specific feature maps of different scales as nodes, and two types of relations as edges:(i) multi-scale relations for capturing the feature dependencies across scales and (ii) mutual beneficial relations building bridges for the cooperation between counting and localization. Thus, through message passing, HyGnn can distill rich relations between the nodes to obtain more powerful representations, leading to robust and accurate results. Our HyGnn performs significantly well on four challenging datasets: ShanghaiTech Part A, ShanghaiTech Part B, UCF_CC_50 and UCF_QNRF, outperforming the state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin. 
### 49.Analysis of Gender Inequality In Face Recognition Accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00065.pdf)
>  We present a comprehensive analysis of how and why face recognition accuracy differs between men and women. We show that accuracy is lower for women due to the combination of (1) the impostor distribution for women having a skew toward higher similarity scores, and (2) the genuine distribution for women having a skew toward lower similarity scores. We show that this phenomenon of the impostor and genuine distributions for women shifting closer towards each other is general across datasets of African-American, Caucasian, and Asian faces. We show that the distribution of facial expressions may differ between male/female, but that the accuracy difference persists for image subsets rated confidently as neutral expression. The accuracy difference also persists for image subsets rated as close to zero pitch angle. Even when removing images with forehead partially occluded by hair/hat, the same impostor/genuine accuracy difference persists. We show that the female genuine distribution improves when only female images without facial cosmetics are used, but that the female impostor distribution also degrades at the same time. Lastly, we show that the accuracy difference persists even if a state-of-the-art deep learning method is trained from scratch using training data explicitly balanced between male and female images and subjects. 
### 50.Radioactive data: tracing through training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00937.pdf)
>  We want to detect whether a particular image dataset has been used to train a model. We propose a new technique, \emph{radioactive data}, that makes imperceptible changes to this dataset such that any model trained on it will bear an identifiable mark. The mark is robust to strong variations such as different architectures or optimization methods. Given a trained model, our technique detects the use of radioactive data and provides a level of confidence (p-value). Our experiments on large-scale benchmarks (Imagenet), using standard architectures (Resnet-18, VGG-16, Densenet-121) and training procedures, show that we can detect usage of radioactive data with high confidence (p&lt;10^-4) even when only 1% of the data used to trained our model is radioactive. Our method is robust to data augmentation and the stochasticity of deep network optimization. As a result, it offers a much higher signal-to-noise ratio than data poisoning and backdoor methods. 
### 51.Diffusion bridges for stochastic Hamiltonian systems with applications to shape analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00885.pdf)
>  Stochastically evolving geometric systems are studied in geometric mechanics for modelling turbulence parts of multi-scale fluid flows and in shape analysis for stochastic evolutions of shapes of e.g. human organs. Recently introduced models involve stochastic differential equations that govern the dynamics of a diffusion process $X$. In applications $X$ is only partially observed at times $0$ and $T&gt;0$. Conditional on these observations, interest lies in inferring parameters in the dynamics of the diffusion and reconstructing the path $(X_t,\, t\in [0,T])$. The latter problem is known as bridge simulation. We develop a general scheme for bridge sampling in the case of finite dimensional systems of shape landmarks and singular solutions in fluid dynamics. This scheme allows for subsequent statistical inference of properties of the fluid flow or the evolution of observed shapes. It covers stochastic landmark models for which no suitable simulation method has been proposed in the literature, that removes restrictions of earlier approaches, improves the handling of the nonlinearity of the configuration space leading to more effective sampling schemes and allows to generalise the common inexact matching scheme to the stochastic setting. 
### 52.Mi YouTube es Su YouTube? Analyzing the Cultures using YouTube Thumbnails of Popular Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00842.pdf)
>  YouTube, a world-famous video sharing website, maintains a list of the top trending videos on the platform. Due to its huge amount of users, it enables researchers to understand people's preference by analyzing the trending videos. Trending videos vary from country to country. By analyzing such differences and changes, we can tell how users' preferences differ over locations. Previous work focuses on analyzing such culture preferences from videos' metadata, while the culture information hidden within the visual content has not been discovered. In this study, we explore culture preferences among countries using the thumbnails of YouTube trending videos. We first process the thumbnail images of the videos using object detectors. The collected object information is then used for various statistical analysis. In particular, we examine the data from three perspectives: geographical locations, video genres and users' reactions. Experimental results indicate that the users from similar cultures shares interests in watching similar videos on YouTube. Our study demonstrates that discovering the culture preference through the thumbnails can be an effective mechanism for video social media analysis. 
### 53.Separation of target anatomical structure and occlusions in chest radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00751.pdf)
>  Chest radiographs are commonly performed low-cost exams for screening and diagnosis. However, radiographs are 2D representations of 3D structures causing considerable clutter impeding visual inspection and automated image analysis. Here, we propose a Fully Convolutional Network to suppress, for a specific task, undesired visual structure from radiographs while retaining the relevant image information such as lung-parenchyma. The proposed algorithm creates reconstructed radiographs and ground-truth data from high resolution CT-scans. Results show that removing visual variation that is irrelevant for a classification task improves the performance of a classifier when only limited training data are available. This is particularly relevant because a low number of ground-truth cases is common in medical imaging. 
### 54.Exponential discretization of weights of neural network connections in pre-trained neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00623.pdf)
>  To reduce random access memory (RAM) requirements and to increase speed of recognition algorithms we consider a weight discretization problem for trained neural networks. We show that an exponential discretization is preferable to a linear discretization since it allows one to achieve the same accuracy when the number of bits is 1 or 2 less. The quality of the neural network VGG-16 is already satisfactory (top5 accuracy 69%) in the case of 3 bit exponential discretization. The ResNet50 neural network shows top5 accuracy 84% at 4 bits. Other neural networks perform fairly well at 5 bits (top5 accuracies of Xception, Inception-v3, and MobileNet-v2 top5 were 87%, 90%, and 77%, respectively). At less number of bits, the accuracy decreases rapidly. 
### 55.Revisiting Meta-Learning as Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00573.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed an abundance of new publications and approaches on meta-learning. This community-wide enthusiasm has sparked great insights but has also created a plethora of seemingly different frameworks, which can be hard to compare and evaluate. In this paper, we aim to provide a principled, unifying framework by revisiting and strengthening the connection between meta-learning and traditional supervised learning. By treating pairs of task-specific data sets and target models as (feature, label) samples, we can reduce many meta-learning algorithms to instances of supervised learning. This view not only unifies meta-learning into an intuitive and practical framework but also allows us to transfer insights from supervised learning directly to improve meta-learning. For example, we obtain a better understanding of generalization properties, and we can readily transfer well-understood techniques, such as model ensemble, pre-training, joint training, data augmentation, and even nearest neighbor based methods. We provide an intuitive analogy of these methods in the context of meta-learning and show that they give rise to significant improvements in model performance on few-shot learning. 
### 56.Simultaneous Left Atrium Anatomy and Scar Segmentations via Deep Learning in Multiview Information with Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00440.pdf)
>  Three-dimensional late gadolinium enhanced (LGE) cardiac MR (CMR) of left atrial scar in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) has recently emerged as a promising technique to stratify patients, to guide ablation therapy and to predict treatment success. This requires a segmentation of the high intensity scar tissue and also a segmentation of the left atrium (LA) anatomy, the latter usually being derived from a separate bright-blood acquisition. Performing both segmentations automatically from a single 3D LGE CMR acquisition would eliminate the need for an additional acquisition and avoid subsequent registration issues. In this paper, we propose a joint segmentation method based on multiview two-task (MVTT) recursive attention model working directly on 3D LGE CMR images to segment the LA (and proximal pulmonary veins) and to delineate the scar on the same dataset. Using our MVTT recursive attention model, both the LA anatomy and scar can be segmented accurately (mean Dice score of 93% for the LA anatomy and 87% for the scar segmentations) and efficiently (~0.27 seconds to simultaneously segment the LA anatomy and scars directly from the 3D LGE CMR dataset with 60-68 2D slices). Compared to conventional unsupervised learning and other state-of-the-art deep learning based methods, the proposed MVTT model achieved excellent results, leading to an automatic generation of a patient-specific anatomical model combined with scar segmentation for patients in AF. 
### 57.Depth Map Estimation of Dynamic Scenes Using Prior Depth Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00297.pdf)
>  Depth information is useful for many applications. Active depth sensors are appealing because they obtain dense and accurate depth maps. However, due to issues that range from power constraints to multi-sensor interference, these sensors cannot always be continuously used. To overcome this limitation, we propose an algorithm that estimates depth maps using concurrently collected images and a previously measured depth map for dynamic scenes, where both the camera and objects in the scene may be independently moving. To estimate depth in these scenarios, our algorithm models the dynamic scene motion using independent and rigid motions. It then uses the previous depth map to efficiently estimate these rigid motions and obtain a new depth map. Our goal is to balance the acquisition of depth between the active depth sensor and computation, without incurring a large computational cost. Thus, we leverage the prior depth information to avoid computationally expensive operations like dense optical flow estimation or segmentation used in similar approaches. Our approach can obtain dense depth maps at up to real-time (30 FPS) on a standard laptop computer, which is orders of magnitude faster than similar approaches. When evaluated using RGB-D datasets of various dynamic scenes, our approach estimates depth maps with a mean relative error of 2.5% while reducing the active depth sensor usage by over 90%. 
### 58.Multi-Modal Music Information Retrieval: Augmenting Audio-Analysis with Visual Computing for Improved Music Video Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00251.pdf)
>  This thesis combines audio-analysis with computer vision to approach Music Information Retrieval (MIR) tasks from a multi-modal perspective. This thesis focuses on the information provided by the visual layer of music videos and how it can be harnessed to augment and improve tasks of the MIR research domain. The main hypothesis of this work is based on the observation that certain expressive categories such as genre or theme can be recognized on the basis of the visual content alone, without the sound being heard. This leads to the hypothesis that there exists a visual language that is used to express mood or genre. In a further consequence it can be concluded that this visual information is music related and thus should be beneficial for the corresponding MIR tasks such as music genre classification or mood recognition. A series of comprehensive experiments and evaluations are conducted which are focused on the extraction of visual information and its application in different MIR tasks. A custom dataset is created, suitable to develop and test visual features which are able to represent music related information. Evaluations range from low-level visual features to high-level concepts retrieved by means of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks. Additionally, new visual features are introduced capturing rhythmic visual patterns. In all of these experiments the audio-based results serve as benchmark for the visual and audio-visual approaches. The experiments are conducted for three MIR tasks Artist Identification, Music Genre Classification and Cross-Genre Classification. Experiments show that an audio-visual approach harnessing high-level semantic information gained from visual concept detection, outperforms audio-only genre-classification accuracy by 16.43%. 
### 59.Leveraging Uncertainties for Deep Multi-modal Object Detection in Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00216.pdf)
>  This work presents a probabilistic deep neural network that combines LiDAR point clouds and RGB camera images for robust, accurate 3D object detection. We explicitly model uncertainties in the classification and regression tasks, and leverage uncertainties to train the fusion network via a sampling mechanism. We validate our method on three datasets with challenging real-world driving scenarios. Experimental results show that the predicted uncertainties reflect complex environmental uncertainty like difficulties of a human expert to label objects. The results also show that our method consistently improves the Average Precision by up to 7% compared to the baseline method. When sensors are temporally misaligned, the sampling method improves the Average Precision by up to 20%, showing its high robustness against noisy sensor inputs. 
### 60.On the Consistency of Optimal Bayesian Feature Selection in the Presence of Correlations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00120.pdf)
>  Optimal Bayesian feature selection (OBFS) is a multivariate supervised screening method designed from the ground up for biomarker discovery. In this work, we prove that Gaussian OBFS is strongly consistent under mild conditions, and provide rates of convergence for key posteriors in the framework. These results are of enormous importance, since they identify precisely what features are selected by OBFS asymptotically, characterize the relative rates of convergence for posteriors on different types of features, provide conditions that guarantee convergence, justify the use of OBFS when its internal assumptions are invalid, and set the stage for understanding the asymptotic behavior of other algorithms based on the OBFS framework. 
### 61.Learning Deep Analysis Dictionaries -- Part II: Convolutional Dictionaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00022.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a Deep Convolutional Analysis Dictionary Model (DeepCAM) by learning convolutional dictionaries instead of unstructured dictionaries as in the case of deep analysis dictionary model introduced in the companion paper. Convolutional dictionaries are more suitable for processing high-dimensional signals like for example images and have only a small number of free parameters. By exploiting the properties of a convolutional dictionary, we present an efficient convolutional analysis dictionary learning approach. A L-layer DeepCAM consists of L layers of convolutional analysis dictionary and element-wise soft-thresholding pairs and a single layer of convolutional synthesis dictionary. Similar to DeepAM, each convolutional analysis dictionary is composed of a convolutional Information Preserving Analysis Dictionary (IPAD) and a convolutional Clustering Analysis Dictionary (CAD). The IPAD and the CAD are learned using variations of the proposed learning algorithm. We demonstrate that DeepCAM is an effective multilayer convolutional model and, on single image super-resolution, achieves performance comparable with other methods while also showing good generalization capabilities. 
### 62.Age-Conditioned Synthesis of Pediatric Computed Tomography with Auxiliary Classifier Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00011.pdf)
>  Deep learning is a popular and powerful tool in computed tomography (CT) image processing such as organ segmentation, but its requirement of large training datasets remains a challenge. Even though there is a large anatomical variability for children during their growth, the training datasets for pediatric CT scans are especially hard to obtain due to risks of radiation to children. In this paper, we propose a method to conditionally synthesize realistic pediatric CT images using a new auxiliary classifier generative adversarial network (ACGAN) architecture by taking age information into account. The proposed network generated age-conditioned high-resolution CT images to enrich pediatric training datasets. 
