# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 4 Jul 2019
### 1.Novel evaluation of surgical activity recognition models using task-based efficiency metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.02060.pdf)
>  Purpose: Surgical task-based metrics (rather than entire procedure metrics) can be used to improve surgeon training and, ultimately, patient care through focused training interventions. Machine learning models to automatically recognize individual tasks or activities are needed to overcome the otherwise manual effort of video review. Traditionally, these models have been evaluated using frame-level accuracy. Here, we propose evaluating surgical activity recognition models by their effect on task-based efficiency metrics. In this way, we can determine when models have achieved adequate performance for providing surgeon feedback via metrics from individual tasks. <br>Methods: We propose a new CNN-LSTM model, RP-Net-V2, to recognize the 12 steps of robotic-assisted radical prostatectomies (RARP). We evaluated our model both in terms of conventional methods (e.g. Jaccard Index, task boundary accuracy) as well as novel ways, such as the accuracy of efficiency metrics computed from instrument movements and system events. <br>Results: Our proposed model achieves a Jaccard Index of 0.85 thereby outperforming previous models on robotic-assisted radical prostatectomies. Additionally, we show that metrics computed from tasks automatically identified using RP-Net-V2 correlate well with metrics from tasks labeled by clinical experts. <br>Conclusions: We demonstrate that metrics-based evaluation of surgical activity recognition models is a viable approach to determine when models can be used to quantify surgical efficiencies. We believe this approach and our results illustrate the potential for fully automated, post-operative efficiency reports. 
### 2.Learning Landmarks from Unaligned Data using Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.02055.pdf)
>  We introduce a method for learning landmark detectors from unlabelled video frames and unpaired labels. This allows us to learn a detector from a large collection of raw videos given only a few example annotations harvested from existing data or motion capture. We achieve this by formulating the landmark detection task as one of image translation, learning to map an image of the object to an image of its landmarks, represented as a skeleton. The advantage is that this translation problem can then be tackled by CycleGAN. However, we show that a naive application of CycleGAN confounds appearance and pose information, with suboptimal keypoint detection performance. We solve this problem by introducing an analytical and differentiable renderer for the skeleton image so that no appearance information can be leaked in the skeleton. Then, since cycle consistency requires to reconstruct the input image from the skeleton, we supply the appearance information thus removed by conditioning the generator with a second image of the same object (e.g. another frame from a video). Furthermore, while CycleGAN uses two cycle consistency constraints, we show that the second one is detrimental in this application and we discard it, significantly simplifying the model. We show that these modifications improve the quality of the learned detector leading to state-of-the-art unsupervised landmark detection performance in a number of challenging human pose and facial landmark detection benchmarks. 
### 3.Using Deep Learning to Count Albatrosses from Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.02040.pdf)
>  In this paper we test the use of a deep learning approach to automatically count Wandering Albatrosses in Very High Resolution (VHR) satellite imagery. We use a dataset of manually labelled imagery provided by the British Antarctic Survey to train and develop our methods. We employ a U-Net architecture, designed for image segmentation, to simultaneously classify and localise potential albatrosses. We aid training with the use of the Focal Loss criterion, to deal with extreme class imbalance in the dataset. Initial results achieve peak precision and recall values of approximately 80%. Finally we assess the model's performance in relation to inter-observer variation, by comparing errors against an image labelled by multiple observers. We conclude model accuracy falls within the range of human counters. We hope that the methods will streamline the analysis of VHR satellite images, enabling more frequent monitoring of a species which is of high conservation concern. 
### 4.Chasing Ghosts: Instruction Following as Bayesian State Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.02022.pdf)
>  A visually-grounded navigation instruction can be interpreted as a sequence of expected observations and actions an agent following the correct trajectory would encounter and perform. Based on this intuition, we formulate the problem of finding the goal location in Vision-And-Language Navigation (VLN) within the framework of Bayesian state tracking - learning observation and motion models conditioned on these expectable events. Together with a mapper that constructs a semantic spatial map on-the-fly during navigation, we formulate an end-to-end differentiable Bayes filter and train it to identify the goal by predicting the most likely trajectory through the map according to the instructions. The resulting navigation policy constitutes a new approach to instruction following that explicitly models a probability distribution over states, encoding strong geometric and algorithmic priors while enabling greater explainability. Our experiments show that our approach outperforms strong baselines when predicting the goal location in VLN. 
### 5.Anatomically Consistent Segmentation of Organs at Risk in MRI with Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.02003.pdf)
>  Planning of radiotherapy involves accurate segmentation of a large number of organs at risk, i.e. organs for which irradiation doses should be minimized to avoid important side effects of the therapy. We propose a deep learning method for segmentation of organs at risk inside the brain region, from Magnetic Resonance (MR) images. Our system performs segmentation of eight structures: eye, lens, optic nerve, optic chiasm, pituitary gland, hippocampus, brainstem and brain. We propose an efficient algorithm to train neural networks for an end-to-end segmentation of multiple and non-exclusive classes, addressing problems related to computational costs and missing ground truth segmentations for a subset of classes. We enforce anatomical consistency of the result in a postprocessing step, in particular we introduce a graph-based algorithm for segmentation of the optic nerves, enforcing the connectivity between the eyes and the optic chiasm. We report cross-validated quantitative results on a database of 44 contrast-enhanced T1-weighted MRIs with provided segmentations of the considered organs at risk, which were originally used for radiotherapy planning. In addition, the segmentations produced by our model on an independent test set of 50 MRIs are evaluated by an experienced radiotherapist in order to qualitatively assess their accuracy. The mean distances between produced segmentations and the ground truth ranged from 0.1 mm to 0.7 mm across different organs. A vast majority (96 %) of the produced segmentations were found acceptable for radiotherapy planning. 
### 6.Robust Synthesis of Adversarial Visual Examples Using a Deep Image Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01996.pdf)
>  We present a novel method for generating robust adversarial image examples building upon the recent `deep image prior' (DIP) that exploits convolutional network architectures to enforce plausible texture in image synthesis. Adversarial images are commonly generated by perturbing images to introduce high frequency noise that induces image misclassification, but that is fragile to subsequent digital manipulation of the image. We show that using DIP to reconstruct an image under adversarial constraint induces perturbations that are more robust to affine deformation, whilst remaining visually imperceptible. Furthermore we show that our DIP approach can also be adapted to produce local adversarial patches (`adversarial stickers'). We demonstrate robust adversarial examples over a broad gamut of images and object classes drawn from the ImageNet dataset. 
### 7.Probabilistic Multilayer Regularization Network for Unsupervised 3D Brain Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01922.pdf)
>  Brain image registration transforms a pair of images into one system with the matched imaging contents, which is of essential importance for brain image analysis. This paper presents a novel framework for unsupervised 3D brain image registration by capturing the feature-level transformation relationships between the unaligned image and reference image. To achieve this, we develop a feature-level probabilistic model to provide the direct regularization to the hidden layers of two deep convolutional neural networks, which are constructed from two input images. This model design is developed into multiple layers of these two networks to capture the transformation relationships at different levels. We employ two common benchmark datasets for 3D brain image registration and perform various experiments to evaluate our method. Experimental results show that our method clearly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on both benchmark datasets by a large margin. 
### 8.Learning to Predict Robot Keypoints Using Artificially Generated Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01879.pdf)
>  This work considers robot keypoint estimation on color images as a supervised machine learning task. We propose the use of probabilistically created renderings to overcome the lack of labeled real images. Rather than sampling from stationary distributions, our approach introduces a feedback mechanism that constantly adapts probability distributions according to current training progress. Initial results show, our approach achieves near-human-level accuracy on real images. Additionally, we demonstrate that feedback leads to fewer required training steps, while maintaining the same model quality on synthetic data sets. 
### 9.Simple vs complex temporal recurrences for video saliency prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01869.pdf)
>  This paper investigates modifying an existing neural network architecture for static saliency prediction using two types of recurrences that integrate information from the temporal domain. The first modification is the addition of a ConvLSTM within the architecture, while the second is a computationally simple exponential moving average of an internal convolutional state. We use weights pre-trained on the SALICON dataset and fine-tune our model on DHF1K. Our results show that both modifications achieve state-of-the-art results and produce similar saliency maps. 
### 10.Deformable Tube Network for Action Detection in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01847.pdf)
>  We address the problem of spatio-temporal action detection in videos. Existing methods commonly either ignore temporal context in action recognition and localization, or lack the modelling of flexible shapes of action tubes. In this paper, we propose a two-stage action detector called Deformable Tube Network (DTN), which is composed of a Deformation Tube Proposal Network (DTPN) and a Deformable Tube Recognition Network (DTRN) similar to the Faster R-CNN architecture. In DTPN, a fast proposal linking algorithm (FTL) is introduced to connect region proposals across frames to generate multiple deformable action tube proposals. To perform action detection, we design a 3D convolution network with skip connections for tube classification and regression. Modelling action proposals as deformable tubes explicitly considers the shape of action tubes compared to 3D cuboids. Moreover, 3D convolution based recognition network can learn temporal dynamics sufficiently for action detection. Our experimental results show that we significantly outperform the methods with 3D cuboids and obtain the state-of-the-art results on both UCF-Sports and AVA datasets. 
### 11.Semi-supervised Image Attribute Editing using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01841.pdf)
>  Image attribute editing is a challenging problem that has been recently studied by many researchers using generative networks. The challenge is in the manipulation of selected attributes of images while preserving the other details. The method to achieve this goal is to find an accurate latent vector representation of an image and a direction corresponding to the attribute. Almost all the works in the literature use labeled datasets in a supervised setting for this purpose. In this study, we introduce an architecture called Cyclic Reverse Generator (CRG), which allows learning the inverse function of the generator accurately via an encoder in an unsupervised setting by utilizing cyclic cost minimization. Attribute editing is then performed using the CRG models for finding desired attribute representations in the latent space. In this work, we use two arbitrary reference images, with and without desired attributes, to compute an attribute direction for editing. We show that the proposed approach performs better in terms of image reconstruction compared to the existing end-to-end generative models both quantitatively and qualitatively. We demonstrate state-of-the-art results on both real images and generated images in MNIST and CelebA datasets. 
### 12.Cascade Attention Guided Residue Learning GAN for Cross-Modal Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01826.pdf)
>  Since we were babies, we intuitively develop the ability to correlate the input from different cognitive sensors such as vision, audio, and text. However, in machine learning, this cross-modal learning is a nontrivial task because different modalities have no homogeneous properties. Previous works discover that there should be bridges among different modalities. From neurology and psychology perspective, humans have the capacity to link one modality with another one, e.g., associating a picture of a bird with the only hearing of its singing and vice versa. Is it possible for machine learning algorithms to recover the scene given the audio signal? In this paper, we propose a novel Cascade Attention-Guided Residue GAN (CAR-GAN), aiming at reconstructing the scenes given the corresponding audio signals. Particularly, we present a residue module to mitigate the gap between different modalities progressively. Moreover, a cascade attention guided network with a novel classification loss function is designed to tackle the cross-modal learning task. Our model keeps the consistency in high-level semantic label domain and is able to balance two different modalities. The experimental results demonstrate that our model achieves the state-of-the-art cross-modal audio-visual generation on the challenging Sub-URMP dataset. 
### 13.Super-Resolution of PROBA-V Images Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01821.pdf)
>  ESA's PROBA-V Earth observation satellite enables us to monitor our planet at a large scale, studying the interaction between vegetation and climate and provides guidance for important decisions on our common global future. However, the interval at which high resolution images are recorded spans over several days, in contrast to the availability of lower resolution images which is often daily. We collect an extensive dataset of both, high and low resolution images taken by PROBA-V instruments during monthly periods to investigate Multi Image Super-resolution, a technique to merge several low resolution images to one image of higher quality. We propose a convolutional neural network that is able to cope with changes in illumination, cloud coverage and landscape features which are challenges introduced by the fact that the different images are taken over successive satellite passages over the same region. Given a bicubic upscaling of low resolution images taken under optimal conditions, we find the Peak Signal to Noise Ratio of the reconstructed image of the network to be higher for a large majority of different scenes. This shows that applied machine learning has the potential to enhance large amounts of previously collected earth observation data during multiple satellite passes. 
### 14.Tracking system of Mine Patrol Robot for Low Illumination Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01806.pdf)
>  Computer vision has received a significant attention in recent years, which is one of the important parts for robots to apperceive external environment. Discriminative Correlation Filter (DCF) based trackers gained more popularity due to their efficiency, however, tracking in low-illumination environments is a challenging problem, not yet successfully addressed in the literature. In this work, we tackle the problems by introducing Low-Illumination Long-term Correlation Tracker (LLCT). First, fused features only including HOG and Color Names are employed to boost the tracking efficiency. Second, we used the standard PCA to reduction scheme in the translation and scale estimation phase for accelerating. Third, we learned a long-term correlation filter to keep the long-term memory ability. Finally, update memory templates with interval updates, then re-match existing and initial templates every few frames to maintain template accuracy. The extensive experiments on popular Object Tracking Benchmark OTB-50 datasets have demonstrated that the proposed tracker outperforms the state-of-the-art trackers significantly achieves a high real-time (33FPS) performance. In addition, the proposed approach can be integrated easily in robot system and the running speed performed well. The experimental results show that the novel tracker performance in low-illumination environment is better than that of general trackers. 
### 15.Attention routing between capsules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01750.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new capsule network architecture called Attention Routing CapsuleNet (AR CapsNet). We replace the dynamic routing and squash activation function of the capsule network with dynamic routing (CapsuleNet) with the attention routing and capsule activation. The attention routing is a routing between capsules through an attention module. The attention routing is a fast forward-pass while keeping spatial information. On the other hand, the intuitive interpretation of the dynamic routing is finding a centroid of the prediction capsules. Thus, the squash activation function and its variant focus on preserving a vector orientation. However, the capsule activation focuses on performing a capsule-scale activation function. <br>We evaluate our proposed model on the MNIST, affNIST, and CIFAR-10 classification tasks. The proposed model achieves higher accuracy with fewer parameters (x0.41 parameters in the MNIST, x0.45 parameters in the CIFAR-10) and less training time than CapsuleNet (x0.40 training time in the MNIST, x0.30 training time in the CIFAR-10). These results validate that designing a capsule-scale operation is a key factor to implement the capsule concept. <br>Also, our experiment shows that our proposed model is transformation equivariant as CapsuleNet. As we perturb each element of the output capsule, the decoder attached to the output capsules shows global variations. Further experiments show that the difference in the capsule features caused by applying affine transformations on an input image is significantly aligned in one direction. 
### 16.Unsupervised Anomalous Trajectory Detection for Crowded Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01717.pdf)
>  We present an improved clustering based, unsupervised anomalous trajectory detection algorithm for crowded scenes. The proposed work is based on four major steps, namely, extraction of trajectories from crowded scene video, extraction of several features from these trajectories, independent mean-shift clustering and anomaly detection. First, the trajectories of all moving objects in a crowd are extracted using a multi feature video object tracker. These trajectories are then transformed into a set of feature spaces. Mean shift clustering is applied on these feature matrices to obtain distinct clusters, while a Shannon Entropy based anomaly detector identifies corresponding anomalies. In the final step, a voting mechanism identifies the trajectories that exhibit anomalous characteristics. The algorithm is tested on crowd scene videos from datasets. The videos represent various possible crowd scenes with different motion patterns and the method performs well to detect the expected anomalous trajectories from the scene. 
### 17.A Deep Image Compression Framework for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01714.pdf)
>  Face recognition technology has advanced rapidly and has been widely used in various applications. Due to the extremely huge amount of data of face images and the large computing resources required correspondingly in large-scale face recognition tasks, there is a requirement for a face image compression approach that is highly suitable for face recognition tasks. In this paper, we propose a deep convolutional autoencoder compression network for face recognition tasks. In the compression process, deep features are extracted from the original image by the convolutional neural networks to produce a compact representation of the original image, which is then encoded and saved by existing codec such as PNG. This compact representation is utilized by the reconstruction network to generate a reconstructed image of the original one. In order to improve the face recognition accuracy when the compression framework is used in a face recognition system, we combine this compression framework with a existing face recognition network for joint optimization. We test the proposed scheme and find that after joint training, the Labeled Faces in the Wild (LFW) dataset compressed by our compression framework has higher face verification accuracy than that compressed by JPEG2000, and is much higher than that compressed by JPEG. 
### 18.Mask Embedding in conditional GAN for Guided Synthesis of High Resolution Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01710.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs) have shown promises in label guided image synthesis. Semantic masks, such as sketches and label maps, are another intuitive and effective form of guidance in image synthesis. Directly incorporating the semantic masks as constraints dramatically reduces the variability and quality of the synthesized results. We observe this is caused by the incompatibility of features from different inputs (such as mask image and latent vector) of the generator. To use semantic masks as guidance whilst providing realistic synthesized results with fine details, we propose to use mask embedding mechanism to allow for a more efficient initial feature projection in the generator. We validate the effectiveness of our approach by training a mask guided face generator using CELEBA-HQ dataset. We can generate realistic and high resolution facial images up to the resolution of 512*512 with a mask guidance. Our code is publicly available. 
### 19.A Semi-Supervised Framework for Automatic Pixel-Wise Breast Cancer Grading of Histological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01696.pdf)
>  Throughout the world, breast cancer is one of the leading causes of female death. Recently, deep learning methods are developed to automatically grade breast cancer of histological slides. However, the performance of existing deep learning models is limited due to the lack of large annotated biomedical datasets. One promising way to relieve the annotating burden is to leverage the unannotated datasets to enhance the trained model. In this paper, we first apply active learning method in breast cancer grading, and propose a semi-supervised framework based on expectation maximization (EM) model. The proposed EM approach is based on the collaborative filtering among the annotated and unannotated datasets. The collaborative filtering method effectively extracts useful and credible datasets from the unannotated images. Results of pixel-wise prediction of whole-slide images (WSI) demonstrate that the proposed method not only outperforms state-of-art methods, but also significantly reduces the annotation cost by over 70%. 
### 20.SkeletonNet: Shape Pixel to Skeleton Pixel  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01683.pdf)
>  Deep Learning for Geometric Shape Understating has organized a challenge for extracting different kinds of skeletons from the images of different objects. This competition is organized in association with CVPR 2019. There are three different tracks of this competition. The present manuscript describes the method used to train the model for the dataset provided in the first track. The first track aims to extract skeleton pixels from the shape pixels of 89 different objects. For the purpose of extracting the skeleton, a U-net model which is comprised of an encoder-decoder structure has been used. In our proposed architecture, unlike the plain decoder in the traditional Unet, we have designed the decoder in the format of HED architecture, wherein we have introduced 4 side layers and fused them to one dilation convolutional layer to connect the broken links of the skeleton. Our proposed architecture achieved the F1 score of 0.77 on test data. 
### 21.Hyper-Molecules: on the Representation and Recovery of Dynamical Structures, with Application to Flexible Macro-Molecular Structures in Cryo-EM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01589.pdf)
>  Cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM), the subject of the 2017 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, is a technology for determining the 3-D structure of macromolecules from many noisy 2-D projections of instances of these macromolecules, whose orientations and positions are unknown. The molecular structures are not rigid objects, but flexible objects involved in dynamical processes. The different conformations are exhibited by different instances of the macromolecule observed in a cryo-EM experiment, each of which is recorded as a particle image. The range of conformations and the conformation of each particle are not known a priori; one of the great promises of cryo-EM is to map this conformation space. Remarkable progress has been made in determining rigid structures from homogeneous samples of molecules in spite of the unknown orientation of each particle image and significant progress has been made in recovering a few distinct states from mixtures of rather distinct conformations, but more complex heterogeneous samples remain a major challenge. We introduce the ``hyper-molecule'' framework for modeling structures across different states of heterogeneous molecules, including continuums of states. The key idea behind this framework is representing heterogeneous macromolecules as high-dimensional objects, with the additional dimensions representing the conformation space. This idea is then refined to model properties such as localized heterogeneity. In addition, we introduce an algorithmic framework for recovering such maps of heterogeneous objects from experimental data using a Bayesian formulation of the problem and Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithms to address the computational challenges in recovering these high dimensional hyper-molecules. We demonstrate these ideas in a prototype applied to synthetic data. 
### 22.Minimally distorted Adversarial Examples with a Fast Adaptive Boundary Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.02044.pdf)
>  The evaluation of robustness against adversarial manipulation of neural networks-based classifiers is mainly tested with empirical attacks as the methods for the exact computation, even when available, do not scale to large networks. We propose in this paper a new white-box adversarial attack wrt the $l_p$-norms for $p \in \{1,2,\infty\}$ aiming at finding the minimal perturbation necessary to change the class of a given input. It has an intuitive geometric meaning, yields high quality results already with one restart, minimizes the size of the perturbation, so that the robust accuracy can be evaluated at all possible thresholds with a single run, and comes with almost no free parameters except number of iterations and restarts. It achieves better or similar robust test accuracy compared to state-of-the-art attacks which are partially specialized to one $l_p$-norm. 
### 23.Using AI for Economic Upliftment of Handicraft Industry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.02014.pdf)
>  The handicraft industry is a strong pillar of Indian economy which provides large-scale employment opportunities to artisans in rural and underprivileged communities. However, in this era of globalization, diverse modern designs have rendered traditional designs old and monotonous, causing an alarming decline of handicraft sales. For this age-old industry to survive the global competition, it is imperative to integrate contemporary designs with Indian handicrafts. In this paper, we use novel AI techniques to generate contemporary designs for two popular Indian handicrafts - Ikat and Block Print. These techniques were successfully employed by communities across India to manufacture and sell products with greater appeal and revenue. The designs are evaluated to be significantly more likeable and marketable than the current designs used by artisans. 
### 24.Learning with Known Operators reduces Maximum Training Error Bounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01992.pdf)
>  We describe an approach for incorporating prior knowledge into machine learning algorithms. We aim at applications in physics and signal processing in which we know that certain operations must be embedded into the algorithm. Any operation that allows computation of a gradient or sub-gradient towards its inputs is suited for our framework. We derive a maximal error bound for deep nets that demonstrates that inclusion of prior knowledge results in its reduction. Furthermore, we also show experimentally that known operators reduce the number of free parameters. We apply this approach to various tasks ranging from CT image reconstruction over vessel segmentation to the derivation of previously unknown imaging algorithms. As such the concept is widely applicable for many researchers in physics, imaging, and signal processing. We assume that our analysis will support further investigation of known operators in other fields of physics, imaging, and signal processing. 
### 25.On-Device Neural Net Inference with Mobile GPUs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01989.pdf)
>  On-device inference of machine learning models for mobile phones is desirable due to its lower latency and increased privacy. Running such a compute-intensive task solely on the mobile CPU, however, can be difficult due to limited computing power, thermal constraints, and energy consumption. App developers and researchers have begun exploiting hardware accelerators to overcome these challenges. Recently, device manufacturers are adding neural processing units into high-end phones for on-device inference, but these account for only a small fraction of hand-held devices. In this paper, we present how we leverage the mobile GPU, a ubiquitous hardware accelerator on virtually every phone, to run inference of deep neural networks in real-time for both Android and iOS devices. By describing our architecture, we also discuss how to design networks that are mobile GPU-friendly. Our state-of-the-art mobile GPU inference engine is integrated into the open-source project TensorFlow Lite and publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://tensorflow.org/lite" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 26.Intrinsic Image Popularity Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01985.pdf)
>  The goal of research in image popularity assessment (IPA) is to develop computational models that can automatically predict the potential of a social image being popular over the Internet. Here, we aim to single out the contribution of visual content to image popularity, i.e., intrinsic image popularity that is of great practical importance. Specifically, we first describe a probabilistic method to generate massive popularity-discriminable image pairs, based on which the first large-scale database for intrinsic IPA (I$^2$PA) is established. We then learn computational models for I$^2$PA by optimizing deep neural networks for ranking consistency with millions of popularity-discriminable image pairs. Experiments on Instagram and other social platforms demonstrate that the optimized model outperforms state-of-the-art methods and humans, and exhibits reasonable generalizability. Moreover, we conduct a psychophysical experiment to analyze various aspects of human behavior in I$^2$PA. 
### 27.Supervised Uncertainty Quantification for Segmentation with Multiple Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01949.pdf)
>  The accurate estimation of predictive uncertainty carries importance in medical scenarios such as lung node segmentation. Unfortunately, most existing works on predictive uncertainty do not return calibrated uncertainty estimates, which could be used in practice. In this work we exploit multi-grader annotation variability as a source of 'groundtruth' aleatoric uncertainty, which can be treated as a target in a supervised learning problem. We combine this groundtruth uncertainty with a Probabilistic U-Net and test on the LIDC-IDRI lung nodule CT dataset and MICCAI2012 prostate MRI dataset. We find that we are able to improve predictive uncertainty estimates. We also find that we can improve sample accuracy and sample diversity. 
### 28.Robust Cochlear Modiolar Axis Detection in CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01870.pdf)
>  The cochlea, the auditory part of the inner ear, is a spiral-shaped organ with large morphological variability. An individualized assessment of its shape is essential for clinical applications related to tonotopy and cochlear implantation. To unambiguously reference morphological parameters, reliable recognition of the cochlear modiolar axis in computed tomography (CT) images is required. The conventional method introduces measurement uncertainties, as it is based on manually selected and difficult to identify landmarks. Herein, we present an algorithm for robust modiolar axis detection in clinical CT images. We define the modiolar axis as the rotation component of the kinematic spiral motion inherent in the cochlear shape. For surface fitting, we use a compact shape representation in a 7-dimensional kinematic parameter space based on extended Plücker coordinates. It is the first time such a kinematic representation is used for shape analysis in medical images. Robust surface fitting is achieved with an adapted approximate maximum likelihood method assuming a Student-t distribution, enabling axis detection even in partially available surface data. We verify the algorithm performance on a synthetic data set with cochlear surface subsets. In addition, we perform an experimental study with four experts in 23 human cochlea CT data sets to compare the automated detection with the manually found axes. Axes found from co-registered high resolution micro-CT scans are used for reference. Our experiments show that the algorithm reduces the alignment error providing more reliable modiolar axis detection for clinical and research applications. 
### 29.FairNAS: Rethinking Evaluation Fairness of Weight Sharing Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01845.pdf)
>  The ability to rank models by its real strength is the key to Neural Architecture Search. Traditional approaches adopt an incomplete training for such purpose which is still very costly. One-shot methods are thus devised to cut the expense by reusing the same set of weights. However, it is uncertain whether shared weights are truly effective. It is also unclear if a picked model is better because of its vigorous representational power or simply because it is overtrained. In order to remove the suspicion, we propose a novel idea called Fair Neural Architecture Search (FairNAS), in which a strict fairness constraint is enforced for fair inheritance and training. In this way, our supernet exhibits nice convergence and very high training accuracy. The performance of any sampled model loaded with shared weights from the supernet strongly correlates with that of stand-alone counterpart when trained fully. This result dramatically improves the searching efficiency, with a multi-objective reinforced evolutionary search backend, our pipeline generated a new set of state-of-the-art architectures on ImageNet: FairNAS-A attains 75.34% top-1 validation accuracy on ImageNet, FairNAS-B 75.10%, FairNAS-C 74.69%, even with lower multi-adds and/or fewer number of parameters compared with others. The models and their evaluation code are made publicly available online <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/fairnas/FairNAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 30.Intrinsic Calibration of Depth Cameras for Mobile Robots using a Radial Laser Scanner  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01839.pdf)
>  Depth cameras, typically in RGB-D configurations, are common devices in mobile robotic platforms given their appealing features: high frequency and resolution, low price and power requirements, among others. These sensors may come with significant, non-linear errors in the depth measurements that jeopardize robot tasks, like free-space detection, environment reconstruction or visual robot-human interaction. This paper presents a method to calibrate such systematic errors with the help of a second, more precise range sensor, in our case a radial laser scanner. In contrast to what it may seem at first, this does not mean a serious limitation in practice since these two sensors are often mounted jointly in many mobile robotic platforms, as they complement well each other. Moreover, the laser scanner can be used just for the calibration process and get rid of it after that. The main contributions of the paper are: i) the calibration is formulated from a probabilistic perspective through a Maximum Likelihood Estimation problem, and ii) the proposed method can be easily executed automatically by mobile robotic platforms. To validate the proposed approach we evaluated for both, local distortion of 3D planar reconstructions and global shifts in the measurements, obtaining considerably more accurate results. A C++ open-source implementation of the presented method has been released for the benefit of the community. 
### 31.Accelerating Deconvolution on Unmodified CNN Accelerators for Generative Adversarial Networks -- A Software Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01773.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are the emerging machine learning technology that can learn to automatically create labeled datasets in massive application domains such as speech, image, video and texts. A GAN typically includes a generative model that is taught to generate any distribution of data, and a discriminator trained to distinguish the synthetic data from real-world data. Both convolutional and deconvolutional layers are the major source of performance overhead for GANs and directly impacts the efficiency of GAN-based systems. There are many prior works investigating specialized hardware architectures that can accelerate convolution and deconvolution simultaneously, but they entail intensive hardware modifications to the existing CNN accelerators or processors that focus on convolution acceleration. In contrast, this work proposes a novel deconvolution layer implementation with a software approach and enables fast and efficient generative network inference on the legacy Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) accelerators. Our proposed method reorganizes the computation of deconvolutional layer and allows the CNN accelerators to treat it as the standard convolutional layer after we split the original deconvolutional filters into multiple small filters. The proposed data flow is implemented on representative CNN accelerators including dot-production array and regular 2D PE array architectures. Compared to the prior baseline acceleration scheme, the implemented acceleration scheme achieves 2.4X - 4.3X performance speedup and reduces the energy consumption by 27.7% - 54.5% on a set of realistic benchmarks. 
### 32.Calibration of fisheye camera using entrance pupil  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01759.pdf)
>  Most conventional camera calibration algorithms assume that the imaging device has a Single Viewpoint (SVP). This is not necessarily true for special imaging device such as fisheye lenses. As a consequence, the intrinsic camera calibration result is not always reliable. In this paper, we propose a new formation model that tends to relax this assumption so that a Non-Single Viewpoint (NSVP) system is corrected to always maintain a SVP, by taking into account the variation of the Entrance Pupil (EP) using thin lens modeling. In addition, we present a calibration procedure for the image formation to estimate these EP parameters using non linear optimization procedure with bundle adjustment. From experiments, we are able to obtain slightly better re-projection error than traditional methods, and the camera parameters are better estimated. The proposed calibration procedure is simple and can easily be integrated to any other thin lens image formation model. 
### 33.Region-Manipulated Fusion Networks for Pancreatitis Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01744.pdf)
>  This work first attempts to automatically recognize pancreatitis on CT scan images. However, different form the traditional object recognition, such pancreatitis recognition is challenging due to the fine-grained and non-rigid appearance variability of the local diseased regions. To this end, we propose a customized Region-Manipulated Fusion Networks (RMFN) to capture the key characteristics of local lesion for pancreatitis recognition. Specifically, to effectively highlight the imperceptible lesion regions, a novel region-manipulated scheme in RMFN is proposed to force the lesion regions while weaken the non-lesion regions by ceaselessly aggregating the multi-scale local information onto feature maps. The proposed scheme can be flexibly equipped into the existing neural networks, such as AlexNet and VGG. To evaluate the performance of the propose method, a real CT image database about pancreatitis is collected from hospitals \footnote{The database is available later}. And experimental results on such database well demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method for pancreatitis recognition. 
### 34.Deep Attentive Features for Prostate Segmentation in 3D Transrectal Ultrasound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01743.pdf)
>  Automatic prostate segmentation in transrectal ultrasound (TRUS) images is of essential importance for image-guided prostate interventions and treatment planning. However, developing such automatic solutions remains very challenging due to the missing/ambiguous boundary and inhomogeneous intensity distribution of the prostate in TRUS, as well as the large variability in prostate shapes. This paper develops a novel 3D deep neural network equipped with attention modules for better prostate segmentation in TRUS by fully exploiting the complementary information encoded in different layers of the convolutional neural network (CNN). Our attention module utilizes the attention mechanism to selectively leverage the multilevel features integrated from different layers to refine the features at each individual layer, suppressing the non-prostate noise at shallow layers of the CNN and increasing more prostate details into features at deep layers. Experimental results on challenging 3D TRUS volumes show that our method attains satisfactory segmentation performance. The proposed attention mechanism is a general strategy to aggregate multi-level deep features and has the potential to be used for other medical image segmentation tasks. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wulalago/DAF3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 35.Compositional Structure Learning for Sequential Video Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01709.pdf)
>  Conventional sequential learning methods such as Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) focus on interactions between consecutive inputs, i.e. first-order Markovian dependency. However, most of sequential data, as seen with videos, have complex temporal dependencies that imply variable-length semantic flows and their compositions, and those are hard to be captured by conventional methods. Here, we propose Temporal Dependency Networks (TDNs) for learning video data by discovering these complex structures of the videos. The TDNs represent video as a graph whose nodes and edges correspond to frames of the video and their dependencies respectively. Via a parameterized kernel with graph-cut and graph convolutions, the TDNs find compositional temporal dependencies of the data in multilevel graph forms. We evaluate the proposed method on the large-scale video dataset Youtube-8M. The experimental results show that our model efficiently learns the complex semantic structure of video data. 
### 36.Graph Neural Network for Interpreting Task-fMRI Biomarkers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01661.pdf)
>  Finding the biomarkers associated with ASD is helpful for understanding the underlying roots of the disorder and can lead to earlier diagnosis and more targeted treatment. A promising approach to identify biomarkers is using Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), which can be used to analyze graph structured data, i.e. brain networks constructed by fMRI. One way to interpret important features is through looking at how the classification probability changes if the features are occluded or replaced. The major limitation of this approach is that replacing values may change the distribution of the data and lead to serious errors. Therefore, we develop a 2-stage pipeline to eliminate the need to replace features for reliable biomarker interpretation. Specifically, we propose an inductive GNN to embed the graphs containing different properties of task-fMRI for identifying ASD and then discover the brain regions/sub-graphs used as evidence for the GNN classifier. We first show GNN can achieve high accuracy in identifying ASD. Next, we calculate the feature importance scores using GNN and compare the interpretation ability with Random Forest. Finally, we run with different atlases and parameters, proving the robustness of the proposed method. The detected biomarkers reveal their association with social behaviors. We also show the potential of discovering new informative biomarkers. Our pipeline can be generalized to other graph feature importance interpretation problems.1 
### 37.Automated Detection and Type Classification of Central Venous Catheters in Chest X-Rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01656.pdf)
>  Central venous catheters (CVCs) are commonly used in critical care settings for monitoring body functions and administering medications. They are often described in radiology reports by referring to their presence, identity and placement. In this paper, we address the problem of automatic detection of their presence and identity through automated segmentation using deep learning networks and classification based on their intersection with previously learned shape priors from clinician annotations of CVCs. The results not only outperform existing methods of catheter detection achieving 85.2% accuracy at 91.6% precision, but also enable high precision (95.2%) classification of catheter types on a large dataset of over 10,000 chest X-rays, presenting a robust and practical solution to this problem. 
### 38.Estimation of Absolute States of Human Skeletal Muscle via Standard B-Mode Ultrasound Imaging and Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01649.pdf)
>  Objective: To test automated in vivo estimation of active and passive skeletal muscle states using ultrasonic imaging. Background: Current technology (electromyography, dynamometry, shear wave imaging) provides no general, non-invasive method for online estimation of skeletal intramuscular states. Ultrasound (US) allows non-invasive imaging of muscle, yet current computational approaches have never achieved simultaneous extraction nor generalisation of independently varying, active and passive states. We use deep learning to investigate the generalizable content of 2D US muscle images. Method: US data synchronized with electromyography of the calf muscles, with measures of joint moment/angle were recorded from 32 healthy participants (7 female, ages: 27.5, 19-65). We extracted a region of interest of medial gastrocnemius and soleus using our prior developed accurate segmentation algorithm. From the segmented images, a deep convolutional neural network was trained to predict three absolute, drift-free, components of the neurobiomechanical state (activity, joint angle, joint moment) during experimentally designed, simultaneous, independent variation of passive (joint angle) and active (electromyography) inputs. Results: For all 32 held-out participants (16-fold cross-validation) the ankle joint angle, electromyography, and joint moment were estimated to accuracy 55+-8%, 57+-11%, and 46+-9% respectively. Significance: With 2D US imaging, deep neural networks can encode in generalizable form, the activity-length-tension state relationship of muscle. Observation only, low power, 2D US imaging can provide a new category of technology for non-invasive estimation of neural output, length and tension in skeletal muscle. This proof of principle has value for personalised muscle diagnosis in pain, injury, neurological conditions, neuropathies, myopathies and ageing. 
