# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 15 Jul 2019
### 1.A General Decoupled Learning Framework for Parameterized Image Operators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05852.pdf)
>  Many different deep networks have been used to approximate, accelerate or improve traditional image operators. Among these traditional operators, many contain parameters which need to be tweaked to obtain the satisfactory results, which we refer to as parameterized image operators. However, most existing deep networks trained for these operators are only designed for one specific parameter configuration, which does not meet the needs of real scenarios that usually require flexible parameters settings. To overcome this limitation, we propose a new decoupled learning algorithm to learn from the operator parameters to dynamically adjust the weights of a deep network for image operators, denoted as the base network. The learned algorithm is formed as another network, namely the weight learning network, which can be end-to-end jointly trained with the base network. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed framework can be successfully applied to many traditional parameterized image operators. To accelerate the parameter tuning for practical scenarios, the proposed framework can be further extended to dynamically change the weights of only one single layer of the base network while sharing most computation cost. We demonstrate that this cheap parameter-tuning extension of the proposed decoupled learning framework even outperforms the state-of-the-art alternative approaches. 
### 2.Self-supervised Learning with Geometric Constraints in Monocular Video: Connecting Flow, Depth, and Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05820.pdf)
>  We present GLNet, a self-supervised framework for learning depth, optical flow, camera pose and intrinsic parameters from monocular video -- addressing the difficulty of acquiring realistic ground-truth for such tasks. We propose three contributions: 1) we design new loss functions that capture multiple geometric constraints (eg. epipolar geometry) as well as adaptive photometric costs that support multiple moving objects, rigid and non-rigid, 2) we extend the model such that it predicts camera intrinsics, making it applicable to uncalibrated video, and 3) we propose several online finetuning strategies that rely on the symmetry of our self-supervised loss in both training and testing, in particular optimizing model parameters and/or the output of different tasks, leveraging their mutual interactions. The idea of jointly optimizing the system output, under all geometric and photometric constraints can be viewed as a dense generalization of classical bundle adjustment. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on KITTI and Cityscapes, where we outperform previous self-supervised approaches on multiple tasks. We also show good generalization for transfer learning. 
### 3.ACTNET: end-to-end learning of feature activations and aggregation for effective instance image retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05794.pdf)
>  We propose a novel CNN architecture called ACTNET for robust instance image retrieval from large-scale datasets. Our key innovation is a learnable activation layer designed to improve the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of deep convolutional feature maps. This works in tandem with multi-stream aggregation, where complementary deep features from different convolutional layers are transformed and balanced, using our novel activation layer, before aggregation into a global descriptor. Importantly, the learnable parameters of activation blocks are explicitly trained, jointly with the CNN parameters, in an end-to-end manner minimising triplet loss. This means that our network jointly learns the CNN filters and their optimal aggregation for the retrieval task. To our knowledge, this is the first time parametric functions are used to control and learn optimal aggregation. We conduct an in-depth experimental study on three non-linear activation functions: Sine-Hyperbolic, Exponential and modified Weibull, showing that while all bring significant gains the Weibull function performs best thanks to its ability to equalise strong activations. The results clearly demonstrate that activation functions significantly enhance the discriminative power of deep features, leading to state-of-the-art retrieval results. 
### 4.Unsupervised Adversarial Attacks on Deep Feature-based Retrieval with GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05793.pdf)
>  Studies show that Deep Neural Network (DNN)-based image classification models are vulnerable to maliciously constructed adversarial examples. However, little effort has been made to investigate how DNN-based image retrieval models are affected by such attacks. In this paper, we introduce Unsupervised Adversarial Attacks with Generative Adversarial Networks (UAA-GAN) to attack deep feature-based image retrieval systems. UAA-GAN is an unsupervised learning model that requires only a small amount of unlabeled data for training. Once trained, it produces query-specific perturbations for query images to form adversarial queries. The core idea is to ensure that the attached perturbation is barely perceptible to human yet effective in pushing the query away from its original position in the deep feature space. UAA-GAN works with various application scenarios that are based on deep features, including image retrieval, person Re-ID and face search. Empirical results show that UAA-GAN cripples retrieval performance without significant visual changes in the query images. UAA-GAN generated adversarial examples are less distinguishable because they tend to incorporate subtle perturbations in textured or salient areas of the images, such as key body parts of human, dominant structural patterns/textures or edges, rather than in visually insignificant areas (e.g., background and sky). Such tendency indicates that the model indeed learned how to toy with both image retrieval systems and human eyes. 
### 5.Gated-SCNN: Gated Shape CNNs for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05740.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art methods for image segmentation form a dense image representation where the color, shape and texture information are all processed together inside a deep CNN. This however may not be ideal as they contain very different type of information relevant for recognition. Here, we propose a new two-stream CNN architecture for semantic segmentation that explicitly wires shape information as a separate processing branch, i.e. shape stream, that processes information in parallel to the classical stream. Key to this architecture is a new type of gates that connect the intermediate layers of the two streams. Specifically, we use the higher-level activations in the classical stream to gate the lower-level activations in the shape stream, effectively removing noise and helping the shape stream to only focus on processing the relevant boundary-related information. This enables us to use a very shallow architecture for the shape stream that operates on the image-level resolution. Our experiments show that this leads to a highly effective architecture that produces sharper predictions around object boundaries and significantly boosts performance on thinner and smaller objects. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on the Cityscapes benchmark, in terms of both mask (mIoU) and boundary (F-score) quality, improving by 2% and 4% over strong baselines. 
### 6.Learning a Curve Guardian for Motorcycles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05738.pdf)
>  Up to 17% of all motorcycle accidents occur when the rider is maneuvering through a curve and the main cause of curve accidents can be attributed to inappropriate speed and wrong intra-lane position of the motorcycle. Existing curve warning systems lack crucial state estimation components and do not scale well. We propose a new type of road curvature warning system for motorcycles, combining the latest advances in computer vision, optimal control and mapping technologies to alleviate these shortcomings. Our contributes are fourfold: 1) we predict the motorcycle's intra-lane position using a convolutional neural network (CNN), 2) we predict the motorcycle roll angle using a CNN, 3) we use an upgraded controller model that incorporates road incline for a more realistic model and prediction, 4) we design a scale-able system by utilizing HERE Technologies map database to obtain the accurate road geometry of the future path. In addition, we present two datasets that are used for training and evaluating of our system respectively, both datasets will be made publicly available. We test our system on a diverse set of real world scenarios and present a detailed case-study. We show that our system is able to predict more accurate and safer curve trajectories, and consequently warn and improve the safety for motorcyclists. 
### 7.PC-DARTS: Partial Channel Connections for Memory-Efficient Differentiable Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05737.pdf)
>  Differentiable architecture search (DARTS) provided a fast solution in finding effective network architectures, but suffered from large memory and computing overheads in jointly training a super-net and search for an optimal architecture. In this paper, we present a novel approach, namely Partially-Connected DARTS, by sampling a small part of super-net to reduce the redundancy in network space, thereby performing a more efficient search without comprising the performance. In particular, we perform operation search in a subset of channels and leave the held out part unchanged. This strategy may suffer from an undesired inconsistency on selecting the edges of super-net caused by the sampling of different channels. We solve it by introducing edge normalization, which adds a new set of edge-level hyper-parameters during search to reduce uncertainty in search. Thanks to the reduced memory cost, PC-DARTS can be trained with a larger batch size and, consequently, enjoys both faster speed and higher training stability. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. Specifically, we achieve an error rate of 2:57% on CIFAR10 within merely 0:1 GPU-days for architecture search, and a state-of-the-art top-1 error rate of 24:2% on ImageNet (under the mobile setting) within 3.8 GPU-days for search. We have made our code available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yuhuixu1993/PC-DARTS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 8.And the Bit Goes Down: Revisiting the Quantization of Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05686.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of reducing the memory footprint of ResNet-like convolutional network architectures. We introduce a vector quantization method that aims at preserving the quality of the reconstruction of the network outputs and not its weights. The advantage of our approach is that it minimizes the loss reconstruction error for in-domain inputs and does not require any labelled data. We also use byte-aligned codebooks to produce compressed networks with efficient inference on CPU. We validate our approach by quantizing a high performing ResNet-50 model to a memory size of 5 MB (20x compression factor) while preserving a top-1 accuracy of 76.1% on ImageNet object classification and by compressing a Mask R-CNN with a size budget around 6 MB. 
### 9.VarGNet: Variable Group Convolutional Neural Network for Efficient Embedded Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05653.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel network design mechanism for efficient embedded computing. Inspired by the limited computing patterns, we propose to fix the number of channels in a group convolution, instead of the existing practice that fixing the total group numbers. Our solution based network, named Variable Group Convolutional Network (VarGNet), can be optimized easier on hardware side, due to the more unified computing schemes among the layers. Extensive experiments on various vision tasks, including classification, detection, pixel-wise parsing and face recognition, have demonstrated the practical value of our VarGNet. 
### 10.Deep Model Compression via Filter Auto-sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05642.pdf)
>  The recent WSNet [1] is a new model compression method through sampling filterweights from a compact set and has demonstrated to be effective for 1D convolutionneural networks (CNNs). However, the weights sampling strategy of WSNet ishandcrafted and fixed which may severely limit the expression ability of the resultedCNNs and weaken its compression ability. In this work, we present a novel auto-sampling method that is applicable to both 1D and 2D CNNs with significantperformance improvement over WSNet. Specifically, our proposed auto-samplingmethod learns the sampling rules end-to-end instead of being independent of thenetwork architecture design. With such differentiable weight sampling rule learning,the sampling stride and channel selection from the compact set are optimized toachieve better trade-off between model compression rate and performance. Wedemonstrate that at the same compression ratio, our method outperforms WSNetby6.5% on 1D convolution. Moreover, on ImageNet, our method outperformsMobileNetV2 full model by1.47%in classification accuracy with25%FLOPsreduction. With the same backbone architecture as baseline models, our methodeven outperforms some neural architecture search (NAS) based methods such asAMC [2] and MNasNet [3]. 
### 11.AVD: Adversarial Video Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05640.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a simple yet efficient approach for video representation, called Adversarial Video Distillation (AVD). The key idea is to represent videos by compressing them in the form of realistic images, which can be used in a variety of video-based scene analysis applications. Representing a video as a single image enables us to address the problem of video analysis by image analysis techniques. To this end, we exploit a 3D convolutional encoder-decoder network to encode the input video as an image by minimizing the reconstruction error. Furthermore, weak supervision by an adversarial training procedure is imposed on the output of the encoder to generate semantically realistic images. The encoder learns to extract semantically meaningful representations from a given input video by mapping the 3D input into a 2D latent representation. The obtained representation can be simply used as the input of deep models pre-trained on images for video classification. We evaluated the effectiveness of our proposed method for video-based activity recognition on three standard and challenging benchmark datasets, i.e. UCF101, HMDB51, and Kinetics. The experimental results demonstrate that AVD achieves interesting performance, outperforming the state-of-the-art methods for video classification. 
### 12.Boosting Scene Character Recognition by Learning Canonical Forms of Glyphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05577.pdf)
>  As one of the fundamental problems in document analysis, scene character recognition has attracted considerable interests in recent years. But the problem is still considered to be extremely challenging due to many uncontrollable factors including glyph transformation, blur, noisy background, uneven illumination, etc. In this paper, we propose a novel methodology for boosting scene character recognition by learning canonical forms of glyphs, based on the fact that characters appearing in scene images are all derived from their corresponding canonical forms. Our key observation is that more discriminative features can be learned by solving specially-designed generative tasks compared to traditional classification-based feature learning frameworks. Specifically, we design a GAN-based model to make the learned deep feature of a given scene character be capable of reconstructing corresponding glyphs in a number of standard font styles. In this manner, we obtain deep features for scene characters that are more discriminative in recognition and less sensitive against the above-mentioned factors. Our experiments conducted on several publicly-available databases demonstrate the superiority of our method compared to the state of the art. 
### 13.Dual Adversarial Semantics-Consistent Network for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05570.pdf)
>  Generalized zero-shot learning (GZSL) is a challenging class of vision and knowledge transfer problems in which both seen and unseen classes appear during testing. Existing GZSL approaches either suffer from semantic loss and discard discriminative information at the embedding stage, or cannot guarantee the visual-semantic interactions. To address these limitations, we propose the Dual Adversarial Semantics-Consistent Network (DASCN), which learns primal and dual Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) in a unified framework for GZSL. In particular, the primal GAN learns to synthesize inter-class discriminative and semantics-preserving visual features from both the semantic representations of seen/unseen classes and the ones reconstructed by the dual GAN. The dual GAN enforces the synthetic visual features to represent prior semantic knowledge well via semantics-consistent adversarial learning. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that employs a novel dual-GAN mechanism for GZSL. Extensive experiments show that our approach achieves significant improvements over the state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 14.Tiny-Inception-ResNet-v2: Using Deep Learning for Eliminating Bonded Labors of Brick Kilns in South Asia  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05552.pdf)
>  This paper proposes to employ a Inception-ResNet inspired deep learning architecture called Tiny-Inception-ResNet-v2 to eliminate bonded labor by identifying brick kilns within "Brick-Kiln-Belt" of South Asia. The framework is developed by training a network on the satellite imagery consisting of 11 different classes of South Asian region. The dataset developed during the process includes the geo-referenced images of brick kilns, houses, roads, tennis courts, farms, sparse trees, dense trees, orchards, parking lots, parks and barren lands. The dataset is made publicly available for further research. Our proposed network architecture with very fewer learning parameters outperforms all state-of-the-art architectures employed for recognition of brick kilns. Our proposed solution would enable regional monitoring and evaluation mechanisms for the Sustainable Development Goals. 
### 15.Hybrid Residual Attention Network for Single Image Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05514.pdf)
>  The extraction and proper utilization of convolution neural network (CNN) features have a significant impact on the performance of image super-resolution (SR). Although CNN features contain both the spatial and channel information, current deep techniques on SR often suffer to maximize performance due to using either the spatial or channel information. Moreover, they integrate such information within a deep or wide network rather than exploiting all the available features, eventually resulting in high computational complexity. To address these issues, we present a binarized feature fusion (BFF) structure that utilizes the extracted features from residual groups (RG) in an effective way. Each residual group (RG) consists of multiple hybrid residual attention blocks (HRAB) that effectively integrates the multiscale feature extraction module and channel attention mechanism in a single block. Furthermore, we use dilated convolutions with different dilation factors to extract multiscale features. We also propose to adopt global, short and long skip connections and residual groups (RG) structure to ease the flow of information without losing important features details. In the paper, we call this overall network architecture as hybrid residual attention network (HRAN). In the experiment, we have observed the efficacy of our method against the state-of-the-art methods for both the quantitative and qualitative comparisons. 
### 16.Automated Real-time Anomaly Detection in Human Trajectories using Sequence to Sequence Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05813.pdf)
>  Detection of anomalous trajectories is an important problem with potential applications to various domains, such as video surveillance, risk assessment, vessel monitoring and high-energy physics. Modeling the distribution of trajectories with statistical approaches has been a challenging task due to the fact that such time series are usually non stationary and highly dimensional. However, modern machine learning techniques provide robust approaches for data-driven modeling and critical information extraction. In this paper, we propose a Sequence to Sequence architecture for real-time detection of anomalies in human trajectories, in the context of risk-based security. Our detection scheme is tested on a synthetic dataset of diverse and realistic trajectories generated by the ISL iCrowd simulator. The experimental results indicate that our scheme accurately detects motion patterns that deviate from normal behaviors and is promising for future real-world applications. 
### 17.Robust GPU-based Virtual Reality Simulation of Radio Frequency Ablations for Various Needle Geometries and Locations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05709.pdf)
>  Purpose: Radio-frequency ablations play an important role in the therapy of malignant liver lesions. The navigation of a needle to the lesion poses a challenge for both the trainees and intervening physicians. Methods: This publication presents a new GPU-based, accurate method for the simulation of radio-frequency ablations for lesions at the needle tip in general and for an existing visuo-haptic 4D VR simulator. The method is implemented real-time capable with Nvidia CUDA. Results: It performs better than a literature method concerning the theoretical characteristic of monotonic convergence of the bioheat PDE and a in vitro gold standard with significant improvements (p &lt; 0.05) in terms of Pearson correlations. It shows no failure modes or theoretically inconsistent individual simulation results after the initial phase of 10 seconds. On the Nvidia 1080 Ti GPU it achieves a very high frame rendering performance of &gt;480 Hz. Conclusion: Our method provides a more robust and safer real-time ablation planning and intraoperative guidance technique, especially avoiding the over-estimation of the ablated tissue death zone, which is risky for the patient in terms of tumor recurrence. Future in vitro measurements and optimization shall further improve the conservative estimate. 
### 18.Virtual Adversarial Lipschitz Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05681.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are one of the most popular approaches when it comes to training generative models, among which variants of Wasserstein GANs are considered superior to the standard GAN formulation in terms of learning stability and sample quality. However, Wasserstein GANs require the critic to be K-Lipschitz, which is often enforced implicitly by penalizing the norm of its gradient, or by globally restricting its Lipschitz constant via weight normalization techniques. Training with a regularization term penalizing the violation of the Lipschitz constraint explicitly, instead of through the norm of the gradient, was found to be practically infeasible in most situations. With a novel generalization of Virtual Adversarial Training, called Virtual Adversarial Lipschitz Regularization, we show that using an explicit Lipschitz penalty is indeed viable and leads to state-of-the-art performance in terms of Inception Score and Fréchet Inception Distance when applied to Wasserstein GANs trained on CIFAR-10. 
### 19.Coupled-Projection Residual Network for MRI Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05598.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging(MRI) has been widely used in clinical application and pathology research by helping doctors make more accurate diagnoses. On the other hand, accurate diagnosis by MRI remains a great challenge as images obtained via present MRI techniques usually have low resolutions. Improving MRI image quality and resolution thus becomes a critically important task. This paper presents an innovative Coupled-Projection Residual Network (CPRN) for MRI super-resolution. The CPRN consists of two complementary sub-networks: a shallow network and a deep network that keep the content consistency while learning high frequency differences between low-resolution and high-resolution images. The shallow sub-network employs coupled-projection for better retaining the MRI image details, where a novel feedback mechanism is introduced to guide the reconstruction of high-resolution images. The deep sub-network learns from the residuals of the high-frequency image information, where multiple residual blocks are cascaded to magnify the MRI images at the last network layer. Finally, the features from the shallow and deep sub-networks are fused for the reconstruction of high-resolution MRI images. For effective fusion of features from the deep and shallow sub-networks, a step-wise connection (CPRN S) is designed as inspired by the human cognitive processes (from simple to complex). Experiments over three public MRI datasets show that our proposed CPRN achieves superior MRI super-resolution performance as compared with the state-of-the-art. Our source code will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.yongxu.org/lunwen.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 20.Jointly Adversarial Network to Wavelength Compensation and Dehazing of Underwater Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05595.pdf)
>  Severe color casts, low contrast and blurriness of underwater images caused by light absorption and scattering result in a difficult task for exploring underwater environments. Different from most of previous underwater image enhancement methods that compute light attenuation along object-camera path through hazy image formation model, we propose a novel jointly wavelength compensation and dehazing network (JWCDN) that takes into account the wavelength attenuation along surface-object path and the scattering along object-camera path simultaneously. By embedding a simplified underwater formation model into generative adversarial network, we can jointly estimates the transmission map, wavelength attenuation and background light via different network modules, and uses the simplified underwater image formation model to recover degraded underwater images. Especially, a multi-scale densely connected encoder-decoder network is proposed to leverage features from multiple layers for estimating the transmission map. To further improve the recovered image, we use an edge preserving network module to enhance the detail of the recovered image. Moreover, to train the proposed network, we propose a novel underwater image synthesis method that generates underwater images with inherent optical properties of different water types. The synthesis method can simulate the color, contrast and blurriness appearance of real-world underwater environments simultaneously. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real-world underwater images demonstrate that the proposed method yields comparable or better results on both subjective and objective assessments, compared with several state-of-the-art methods. 
### 21.R-Transformer: Recurrent Neural Network Enhanced Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05572.pdf)
>  Recurrent Neural Networks have long been the dominating choice for sequence modeling. However, it severely suffers from two issues: impotent in capturing very long-term dependencies and unable to parallelize the sequential computation procedure. Therefore, many non-recurrent sequence models that are built on convolution and attention operations have been proposed recently. Notably, models with multi-head attention such as Transformer have demonstrated extreme effectiveness in capturing long-term dependencies in a variety of sequence modeling tasks. Despite their success, however, these models lack necessary components to model local structures in sequences and heavily rely on position embeddings that have limited effects and require a considerable amount of design efforts. In this paper, we propose the R-Transformer which enjoys the advantages of both RNNs and the multi-head attention mechanism while avoids their respective drawbacks. The proposed model can effectively capture both local structures and global long-term dependencies in sequences without any use of position embeddings. We evaluate R-Transformer through extensive experiments with data from a wide range of domains and the empirical results show that R-Transformer outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin in most of the tasks. We have made the code publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DSE-MSU/R-transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 22.MLR (Memory, Learning and Recognition): A General Cognitive Model -- applied to Intelligent Robots and Systems Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05553.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a new perspective of intelligent robots and systems control. The presented and proposed cognitive model: Memory, Learning and Recognition (MLR), is an effort to bridge the gap between Robotics, AI, Cognitive Science, and Neuroscience. The currently existing gap prevents us from integrating the current advancement and achievements of these four research fields which are actively trying to define intelligence in either application-based way or in generic way. This cognitive model defines intelligence more specifically, parametrically and detailed. The proposed MLR model helps us create a general control model for robots and systems independent of their application domains and platforms since it is mainly based on the dataset provided for robots and systems controls. This paper is mainly proposing and introducing this concept and trying to prove this concept in a small scale, firstly through experimentation. The proposed concept is also applicable to other different platforms in real-time as well as in simulation. 
### 23.Graph-Structured Visual Imitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05518.pdf)
>  We cast visual imitation as a visual correspondence problem. Our robotic agent is rewarded when its actions result in better matching of relative spatial configurations for corresponding visual entities detected in its workspace and teacher's demonstration. We build upon recent advances in Computer Vision,such as human finger keypoint detectors, object detectors trained on-the-fly with synthetic augmentations, and point detectors supervised by viewpoint changes and learn multiple visual entity detectors for each demonstration without human annotations or robot interactions. We empirically show the proposed factorized visual representations of entities and their spatial arrangements drive successful imitation of a variety of manipulation skills within minutes, using a single demonstration and without any environment instrumentation. It is robust to background clutter and can effectively generalize across environment variations between demonstrator and imitator, greatly outperforming unstructured non-factorized full-frame CNN encodings of previous works. 
### 24.Accurate Congenital Heart Disease Model Generation for 3D Printing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05273.pdf)
>  3D printing has been widely adopted for clinical decision making and interventional planning of Congenital heart disease (CHD), while whole heart and great vessel segmentation is the most significant but time-consuming step in the model generation for 3D printing. While various automatic whole heart and great vessel segmentation frameworks have been developed in the literature, they are ineffective when applied to medical images in CHD, which have significant variations in heart structure and great vessel connections. To address the challenge, we leverage the power of deep learning in processing regular structures and that of graph algorithms in dealing with large variations and propose a framework that combines both for whole heart and great vessel segmentation in CHD. Particularly, we first use deep learning to segment the four chambers and myocardium followed by the blood pool, where variations are usually small. We then extract the connection information and apply graph matching to determine the categories of all the vessels. Experimental results using 683D CT images covering 14 types of CHD show that our method can increase Dice score by 11.9% on average compared with the state-of-the-art whole heart and great vessel segmentation method in normal anatomy. The segmentation results are also printed out using 3D printers for validation. 
