# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 29 Jul 2019
### 1.On the Design of Black-box Adversarial Examples by Leveraging Gradient-free Optimization and Operator Splitting Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11684.pdf)
>  Robust machine learning is currently one of the most prominent topics which could potentially help shaping a future of advanced AI platforms that not only perform well in average cases but also in worst cases or adverse situations. Despite the long-term vision, however, existing studies on black-box adversarial attacks are still restricted to very specific settings of threat models (e.g., single distortion metric and restrictive assumption on target model's feedback to queries) and/or suffer from prohibitively high query complexity. To push for further advances in this field, we introduce a general framework based on an operator splitting method, the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) to devise efficient, robust black-box attacks that work with various distortion metrics and feedback settings without incurring high query complexity. Due to the black-box nature of the threat model, the proposed ADMM solution framework is integrated with zeroth-order (ZO) optimization and Bayesian optimization (BO), and thus is applicable to the gradient-free regime. This results in two new black-box adversarial attack generation methods, ZO-ADMM and BO-ADMM. Our empirical evaluations on image classification datasets show that our proposed approaches have much lower function query complexities compared to state-of-the-art attack methods, but achieve very competitive attack success rates. 
### 2.Differential Scene Flow from Light Field Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11637.pdf)
>  This paper presents novel techniques for recovering 3D dense scene flow, based on differential analysis of 4D light fields. The key enabling result is a per-ray linear equation, called the ray flow equation, that relates 3D scene flow to 4D light field gradients. The ray flow equation is invariant to 3D scene structure and applicable to a general class of scenes, but is under-constrained (3 unknowns per equation). Thus, additional constraints must be imposed to recover motion. We develop two families of scene flow algorithms by leveraging the structural similarity between ray flow and optical flow equations: local 'Lucas-Kanade' ray flow and global 'Horn-Schunck' ray flow, inspired by corresponding optical flow methods. We also develop a combined local-global method by utilizing the correspondence structure in the light fields. We demonstrate high precision 3D scene flow recovery for a wide range of scenarios, including rotation and non-rigid motion. We analyze the theoretical and practical performance limits of the proposed techniques via the light field structure tensor, a 3x3 matrix that encodes the local structure of light fields. We envision that the proposed analysis and algorithms will lead to design of future light-field cameras that are optimized for motion sensing, in addition to depth sensing. 
### 3.Unsupervised Learning for Optical Flow Estimation Using Pyramid Convolution LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11628.pdf)
>  Most of current Convolution Neural Network (CNN) based methods for optical flow estimation focus on learning optical flow on synthetic datasets with groundtruth, which is not practical. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised optical flow estimation framework named PCLNet. It uses pyramid Convolution LSTM (ConvLSTM) with the constraint of adjacent frame reconstruction, which allows flexibly estimating multi-frame optical flows from any video clip. Besides, by decoupling motion feature learning and optical flow representation, our method avoids complex short-cut connections used in existing frameworks while improving accuracy of optical flow estimation. Moreover, different from those methods using specialized CNN architectures for capturing motion, our framework directly learns optical flow from the features of generic CNNs and thus can be easily embedded in any CNN based frameworks for other tasks. Extensive experiments have verified that our method not only estimates optical flow effectively and accurately, but also obtains comparable performance on action recognition. 
### 4.Cooperative image captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11565.pdf)
>  When describing images with natural language, the descriptions can be made more informative if tuned using downstream tasks. This is often achieved by training two networks: a "speaker network" that generates sentences given an image, and a "listener network" that uses them to perform a task. Unfortunately, training multiple networks jointly to communicate to achieve a joint task, faces two major challenges. First, the descriptions generated by a speaker network are discrete and stochastic, making optimization very hard and inefficient. Second, joint training usually causes the vocabulary used during communication to drift and diverge from natural language. <br>We describe an approach that addresses both challenges. We first develop a new effective optimization based on partial-sampling from a multinomial distribution combined with straight-through gradient updates, which we name PSST for Partial-Sampling Straight-Through. Second, we show that the generated descriptions can be kept close to natural by constraining them to be similar to human descriptions. Together, this approach creates descriptions that are both more discriminative and more natural than previous approaches. Evaluations on the standard COCO benchmark show that PSST Multinomial dramatically improve the recall@10 from 60% to 86% maintaining comparable language naturalness, and human evaluations show that it also increases naturalness while keeping the discriminative power of generated captions. 
### 5.Deep Learning for Classification and Severity Estimation of Coffee Leaf Biotic Stress  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11561.pdf)
>  Biotic stress consists of damage to plants through other living organisms. Efficient control of biotic agents such as pests and pathogens (viruses, fungi, bacteria, etc.) is closely related to the concept of agricultural sustainability. Agricultural sustainability promotes the development of new technologies that allow the reduction of environmental impacts, greater accessibility to farmers and, consequently, increase on productivity. The use of computer vision with deep learning methods allows the early and correct identification of the stress-causing agent. So, corrective measures can be applied as soon as possible to mitigate the problem. The objective of this work is to design an effective and practical system capable of identifying and estimating the stress severity caused by biotic agents on coffee leaves. The proposed approach consists of a multi-task system based on convolutional neural networks. In addition, we have explored the use of data augmentation techniques to make the system more robust and accurate. The experimental results obtained for classification as well as for severity estimation indicate that the proposed system might be a suitable tool to assist both experts and farmers in the identification and quantification of biotic stresses in coffee plantations. 
### 6.Learning Transparent Object Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11544.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of image matting for transparent objects. Existing approaches often require tedious capturing procedures and long processing time, which limit their practical use. In this paper, we formulate transparent object matting as a refractive flow estimation problem, and propose a deep learning framework, called TOM-Net, for learning the refractive flow. Our framework comprises two parts, namely a multi-scale encoder-decoder network for producing a coarse prediction, and a residual network for refinement. At test time, TOM-Net takes a single image as input, and outputs a matte (consisting of an object mask, an attenuation mask and a refractive flow field) in a fast feed-forward pass. As no off-the-shelf dataset is available for transparent object matting, we create a large-scale synthetic dataset consisting of $178K$ images of transparent objects rendered in front of images sampled from the Microsoft COCO dataset. We also capture a real dataset consisting of $876$ samples using $14$ transparent objects and $60$ background images. Besides, we show that our method can be easily extended to handle the cases where a trimap or a background image is available.Promising experimental results have been achieved on both synthetic and real data, which clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. 
### 7.Minimal Solvers for Rectifying from Radially-Distorted Scales and Change of Scales  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11539.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the first minimal solvers that jointly estimate lens distortion and affine rectification from the image of rigidly-transformed coplanar features. The solvers work on scenes without straight lines and, in general, relax strong assumptions about scene content made by the state of the art. The proposed solvers use the affine invariant that coplanar repeats have the same scale in rectified space. The solvers are separated into two groups that differ by how the equal scale invariant of rectified space is used to place constraints on the lens undistortion and rectification parameters. We demonstrate a principled approach for generating stable minimal solvers by the Gröbner basis method, which is accomplished by sampling feasible monomial bases to maximize numerical stability. Synthetic and real-image experiments confirm that the proposed solvers demonstrate superior robustness to noise compared to the state of the art. Accurate rectifications on imagery taken with narrow to fisheye field-of-view lenses demonstrate the wide applicability of the proposed method. The method is fully automatic. 
### 8.Report on UG^2+ Challenge Track 1: Assessing Algorithms to Improve Video Object Detection and Classification from Unconstrained Mobility Platforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11529.pdf)
>  How can we effectively engineer a computer vision system that is able to interpret videos from unconstrained mobility platforms like UAVs? One promising option is to make use of image restoration and enhancement algorithms from the area of computational photography to improve the quality of the underlying frames in a way that also improves automatic visual recognition. Along these lines, exploratory work is needed to find out which image pre-processing algorithms, in combination with the strongest features and supervised machine learning approaches, are good candidates for difficult scenarios like motion blur, weather, and mis-focus --- all common artifacts in UAV acquired images. This paper summarizes the protocols and results of Track 1 of the UG^2+ Challenge held in conjunction with IEEE/CVF CVPR 2019. The challenge looked at two separate problems: (1) object detection improvement in video, and (2) object classification improvement in video. The challenge made use of the UG^2 (UAV, Glider, Ground) dataset, which is an established benchmark for assessing the interplay between image restoration and enhancement and visual recognition. 16 algorithms were submitted by academic and corporate teams, and a detailed analysis of how they performed on each challenge problem is reported here. 
### 9.Context-Aware Multipath Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11519.pdf)
>  Making a single network effectively address diverse contexts---learning the variations within a dataset or multiple datasets---is an intriguing step towards achieving generalized intelligence. Existing approaches of deepening, widening, and assembling networks are not cost effective in general. In view of this, networks which can allocate resources according to the context of the input and regulate flow of information across the network are effective. In this paper, we present Context-Aware Multipath Network (CAMNet), a multi-path neural network with data-dependant routing between parallel tensors. We show that our model performs as a generalized model capturing variations in individual datasets and multiple different datasets, both simultaneously and sequentially. CAMNet surpasses the performance of classification and pixel-labeling tasks in comparison with the equivalent single-path, multi-path, and deeper single-path networks, considering datasets individually, sequentially, and in combination. The data-dependent routing between tensors in CAMNet enables the model to control the flow of information end-to-end, deciding which resources to be common or domain-specific. 
### 10.DCT-CompCNN: A Novel Image Classification Network Using JPEG Compressed DCT Coefficients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11503.pdf)
>  The popularity of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) in the field of Image Processing and Computer Vision has motivated researchers and industrialist experts across the globe to solve different challenges with high accuracy. The simplest way to train a CNN classifier is to directly feed the original RGB pixels images into the network. However, if we intend to classify images directly with its compressed data, the same approach may not work better, like in case of JPEG compressed images. This research paper investigates the issues of modifying the input representation of the JPEG compressed data, and then feeding into the CNN. The architecture is termed as DCT-CompCNN. This novel approach has shown that CNNs can also be trained with JPEG compressed DCT coefficients, and subsequently can produce a better performance in comparison with the conventional CNN approach. The efficiency of the modified input representation is tested with the existing ResNet-50 architecture and the proposed DCT-CompCNN architecture on a public image classification datasets like Dog Vs Cat and CIFAR-10 datasets, reporting a better performance 
### 11.Outfit Compatibility Prediction and Diagnosis with Multi-Layered Comparison Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11496.pdf)
>  Existing works about fashion outfit compatibility focus on predicting the overall compatibility of a set of fashion items with their information from different modalities. However, there are few works explore how to explain the prediction, which limits the persuasiveness and effectiveness of the model. In this work, we propose an approach to not only predict but also diagnose the outfit compatibility. We introduce an end-to-end framework for this goal, which features for: (1) The overall compatibility is learned from all type-specified pairwise similarities between items, and the backpropagation gradients are used to diagnose the incompatible factors. (2) We leverage the hierarchy of CNN and compare the features at different layers to take into account the compatibilities of different aspects from the low level (such as color, texture) to the high level (such as style). To support the proposed method, we build a new type-specified outfit dataset named Polyvore-T based on Polyvore dataset. We compare our method with the prior state-of-the-art in two tasks: outfit compatibility prediction and fill-in-the-blank. Experiments show that our approach has advantages in both prediction performance and diagnosis ability. 
### 12.Multi-level Domain Adaptive learning for Cross-Domain Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11484.pdf)
>  In recent years, object detection has shown impressive results using supervised deep learning, but it remains challenging in a cross-domain environment. The variations of illumination, style, scale, and appearance in different domains can seriously affect the performance of detection models. Previous works use adversarial training to align global features across the domain shift and to achieve image information transfer. However, such methods do not effectively match the distribution of local features, resulting in limited improvement in cross-domain object detection. To solve this problem, we propose a multi-level domain adaptive model to simultaneously align the distributions of local-level features and global-level features. We evaluate our method with multiple experiments, including adverse weather adaptation, synthetic data adaptation, and cross camera adaptation. In most object categories, the proposed method achieves superior performance against state-of-the-art techniques, which demonstrates the effectiveness and robustness of our method. 
### 13.Single Level Feature-to-Feature Forecasting with Deformable Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11475.pdf)
>  Future anticipation is of vital importance in autonomous driving and other decision-making systems. We present a method to anticipate semantic segmentation of future frames in driving scenarios based on feature-to-feature forecasting. Our method is based on a semantic segmentation model without lateral connections within the upsampling path. Such design ensures that the forecasting addresses only the most abstract features on a very coarse resolution. We further propose to express feature-to-feature forecasting with deformable convolutions. This increases the modelling power due to being able to represent different motion patterns within a single feature map. Experiments show that our models with deformable convolutions outperform their regular and dilated counterparts while minimally increasing the number of parameters. Our method achieves state of the art performance on the Cityscapes validation set when forecasting nine timesteps into the future. 
### 14.Context-Integrated and Feature-Refined Network for Lightweight Urban Scene Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11474.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation for lightweight urban scene parsing is a very challenging task, because both accuracy and efficiency (e.g., execution speed, memory footprint, and computation complexity) should all be taken into account. However, most previous works pay too much attention to one-sided perspective, either accuracy or speed, and ignore others, which poses a great limitation to actual demands of intelligent devices. To tackle this dilemma, we propose a new lightweight architecture named Context-Integrated and Feature-Refined Network (CIFReNet). The core components of our architecture are the Long-skip Refinement Module (LRM) and the Multi-scale Contexts Integration Module (MCIM). With low additional computation cost, LRM is designed to ease the propagation of spatial information and boost the quality of feature refinement. Meanwhile, MCIM consists of three cascaded Dense Semantic Pyramid (DSP) blocks with a global constraint. It makes full use of sub-regions close to the target and enlarges the field of view in an economical yet powerful way. Comprehensive experiments have demonstrated that our proposed method reaches a reasonable trade-off among overall properties on Cityscapes and Camvid dataset. Specifically, with only 7.1 GFLOPs, CIFReNet that contains less than 1.9 M parameters obtains a competitive result of 70.9% MIoU on Cityscapes test set and 64.5% on Camvid test set at a real-time speed of 32.3 FPS, which is more cost-efficient than other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 15.Multiple Human Association between Top and Horizontal Views by Matching Subjects' Spatial Distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11458.pdf)
>  Video surveillance can be significantly enhanced by using both top-view data, e.g., those from drone-mounted cameras in the air, and horizontal-view data, e.g., those from wearable cameras on the ground. Collaborative analysis of different-view data can facilitate various kinds of applications, such as human tracking, person identification, and human activity recognition. However, for such collaborative analysis, the first step is to associate people, referred to as subjects in this paper, across these two views. This is a very challenging problem due to large human-appearance difference between top and horizontal views. In this paper, we present a new approach to address this problem by exploring and matching the subjects' spatial distributions between the two views. More specifically, on the top-view image, we model and match subjects' relative positions to the horizontal-view camera in both views and define a matching cost to decide the actual location of horizontal-view camera and its view angle in the top-view image. We collect a new dataset consisting of top-view and horizontal-view image pairs for performance evaluation and the experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 16.Using 3D Convolutional Neural Networks to Learn Spatiotemporal Features for Automatic Surgical Gesture Recognition in Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11454.pdf)
>  Automatically recognizing surgical gestures is a crucial step towards a thorough understanding of surgical skill. Possible areas of application include automatic skill assessment, intra-operative monitoring of critical surgical steps, and semi-automation of surgical tasks. Solutions that rely only on the laparoscopic video and do not require additional sensor hardware are especially attractive as they can be implemented at low cost in many scenarios. However, surgical gesture recognition based only on video is a challenging problem that requires effective means to extract both visual and temporal information from the video. Previous approaches mainly rely on frame-wise feature extractors, either handcrafted or learned, which fail to capture the dynamics in surgical video. To address this issue, we propose to use a 3D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to learn spatiotemporal features from consecutive video frames. We evaluate our approach on recordings of robot-assisted suturing on a bench-top model, which are taken from the publicly available JIGSAWS dataset. Our approach achieves high frame-wise surgical gesture recognition accuracies of more than 84%, outperforming comparable models that either extract only spatial features or model spatial and low-level temporal information separately. For the first time, these results demonstrate the benefit of spatiotemporal CNNs for video-based surgical gesture recognition. 
### 17.Universal Pooling -- A New Pooling Method for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11440.pdf)
>  Pooling is one of the main elements in convolutional neural networks. The pooling reduces the size of the feature map, enabling training and testing with a limited amount of computation. This paper proposes a new pooling method named universal pooling. Unlike the existing pooling methods such as average pooling, max pooling, and stride pooling with fixed pooling function, universal pooling generates any pooling function, depending on a given problem and dataset. Universal pooling was inspired by attention methods and can be considered as a channel-wise form of local spatial attention. Universal pooling is trained jointly with the main network and it is shown that it includes the existing pooling methods. Finally, when applied to two benchmark problems, the proposed method outperformed the existing pooling methods and performed with the expected diversity, adapting to the given problem. 
### 18.Semantic Deep Intermodal Feature Transfer: Transferring Feature Descriptors Between Imaging Modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11436.pdf)
>  Under difficult environmental conditions, the view of RGB cameras may be restricted by fog, dust or difficult lighting situations. Because thermal cameras visualize thermal radiation, they are not subject to the same limitations as RGB cameras. However, because RGB and thermal imaging differ significantly in appearance, common, state-of-the-art feature descriptors are unsuitable for intermodal feature matching between these imaging modalities. As a consequence, visual maps created with an RGB camera can currently not be used for localization using a thermal camera. In this paper, we introduce the Semantic Deep Intermodal Feature Transfer (Se-DIFT), an approach for transferring image feature descriptors from the visual to the thermal spectrum and vice versa. For this purpose, we predict potential feature appearance in varying imaging modalities using a deep convolutional encoder-decoder architecture in combination with a global feature vector. Since the representation of a thermal image is not only affected by features which can be extracted from an RGB image, we introduce the global feature vector which augments the auto encoder's coding. The global feature vector contains additional information about the thermal history of a scene which is automatically extracted from external data sources. By augmenting the encoder's coding, we decrease the L1 error of the prediction by more than 7% compared to the prediction of a traditional U-Net architecture. To evaluate our approach, we match image feature descriptors detected in RGB and thermal images using Se-DIFT. Subsequently, we make a competitive comparison on the intermodal transferability of SIFT, SURF, and ORB features using our approach. 
### 19.LinearConv: Regenerating Redundancy in Convolution Filters as Linear Combinations for Parameter Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11432.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) show state-of-the-art performance in computer vision tasks. However, convolutional layers of CNNs are known to learn redundant features, still not being efficient in memory requirement. In this work, we explore the redundancy of learned features in the form of correlation between convolutional filters, and propose a novel layer to reproduce it efficiently. The proposed "LinearConv" layer generates a portion of convolutional filters as a learnable linear combination of the rest of the filters and introduces a correlation-based regularization to achieve flexibility and control over the correlation between filters, and the number of parameters, in turn. This is developed as a plug-in layer to conveniently replace a conventional convolutional layer without any modification required in the network architecture. Our experiments verify that the LinearConv-based models are able to achieve a performance on-par with counterparts with up to 50% of parameter reduction, and having same computational requirement in run time. 
### 20.UGAN: Untraceable GAN for Multi-Domain Face Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11418.pdf)
>  The multi-domain image-to-image translation is received increasing attention in the computer vision community. However, the translated images often retain the characteristics of the source domain. In this paper, we propose a novel Untraceable GAN (UGAN) to tackle the phenomenon of source retaining. Specifically, the discriminator of UGAN contains a novel source classifier to tell which domain an image is translated from, with the purpose to determine whether the translated image still retains the characteristics of the source domain. After this adversarial training converges, the translator is able to synthesize the target-only characteristics and also erase the source-only characteristics. In this way, the source domain of the synthesized image becomes untraceable. We perform extensive experiments, and the results have demonstrated that the proposed UGAN can produce superior results over state-of-the-art StarGAN on three face editing tasks, including face aging, makeup, and expression editing. The source code will be made publicly available. 
### 21.Improving Generalization via Attribute Selection on Out-of-the-box Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11397.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) aims to recognize unseen objects (test classes) given some other seen objects (training classes), by sharing information of attributes between different objects. Attributes are artificially annotated for objects and are treated equally in recent ZSL tasks. However, some inferior attributes with poor predictability or poor discriminability may have negative impact on the ZSL system performance. This paper first derives a generalization error bound for ZSL tasks. Our theoretical analysis verifies that selecting key attributes set can improve the generalization performance of the original ZSL model which uses all the attributes. Unfortunately, previous attribute selection methods are conducted based on the seen data, their selected attributes have poor generalization capability to the unseen data, which is unavailable in training stage for ZSL tasks. Inspired by learning from pseudo relevance feedback, this paper introduces the out-of-the-box data, which is pseudo data generated by an attribute-guided generative model, to mimic the unseen data. After that, we present an iterative attribute selection (IAS) strategy which iteratively selects key attributes based on the out-of-the-box data. Since the distribution of the generated out-of-the-box data is similar to the test data, the key attributes selected by IAS can be effectively generalized to test data. Extensive experiments demonstrate that IAS can significantly improve existing attribute-based ZSL methods and achieve state-of-the-art performance. 
### 22.A Comparative Study of High-Recall Real-Time Semantic Segmentation Based on Swift Factorized Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11394.pdf)
>  Semantic Segmentation (SS) is the task to assign a semantic label to each pixel of the observed images, which is of crucial significance for autonomous vehicles, navigation assistance systems for the visually impaired, and augmented reality devices. However, there is still a long way for SS to be put into practice as there are two essential challenges that need to be addressed: efficiency and evaluation criterions for practical application. For specific application scenarios, different criterions need to be adopted. Recall rate is an important criterion for many tasks like autonomous vehicles. For autonomous vehicles, we need to focus on the detection of the traffic objects like cars, buses, and pedestrians, which should be detected with high recall rates. In other words, it is preferable to detect it wrongly than miss it, because the other traffic objects will be dangerous if the algorithm miss them and segment them as safe roadways. In this paper, our main goal is to explore possible methods to attain high recall rate. Firstly, we propose a real-time SS network named Swift Factorized Network (SFN). The proposed network is adapted from SwiftNet, whose structure is a typical U-shape structure with lateral connections. Inspired by ERFNet and Global convolution Networks (GCNet), we propose two different blocks to enlarge valid receptive field. They do not take up too much calculation resources, but significantly enhance the performance compared with the baseline network. Secondly, we explore three ways to achieve higher recall rate, i.e. loss function, classifier and decision rules. We perform a comprehensive set of experiments on state-of-the-art datasets including CamVid and Cityscapes. We demonstrate that our SS convolutional neural networks reach excellent performance. Furthermore, we make a detailed analysis and comparison of the three proposed methods on the promotion of recall rate. 
### 23.Product Image Recognition with Guidance Learning and Noisy Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11384.pdf)
>  This paper considers recognizing products from daily photos, which is an important problem in real-world applications but also challenging due to background clutters, category diversities, noisy labels, etc. We address this problem by two contributions. First, we introduce a novel large-scale product image dataset, termed as Product-90. Instead of collecting product images by labor-and time-intensive image capturing, we take advantage of the web and download images from the reviews of several e-commerce websites where the images are casually captured by consumers. Labels are assigned automatically by the categories of e-commerce websites. Totally the Product-90 consists of more than 140K images with 90 categories. Due to the fact that consumers may upload unrelated images, it is inevitable that our Product-90 introduces noisy labels. As the second contribution, we develop a simple yet efficient \textit{guidance learning} (GL) method for training convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with noisy supervision. The GL method first trains an initial teacher network with the full noisy dataset, and then trains a target/student network with both large-scale noisy set and small manually-verified clean set in a multi-task manner. Specifically, in the stage of student network training, the large-scale noisy data is supervised by its guidance knowledge which is the combination of its given noisy label and the soften label from the teacher network. We conduct extensive experiments on our Products-90 and public datasets, namely Food101, Food-101N, and Clothing1M. Our guidance learning method achieves performance superior to state-of-the-art methods on these datasets. 
### 24.Unsupervised Learning Framework of Interest Point Via Properties Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11375.pdf)
>  This paper presents an entirely unsupervised interest point training framework by jointly learning detector and descriptor, which takes an image as input and outputs a probability and a description for every image point. The objective of the training framework is formulated as joint probability distribution of the properties of the extracted points. The essential properties are selected as sparsity, repeatability and discriminability which are formulated by the probabilities. To maximize the objective efficiently, latent variable is introduced to represent the probability of that a point satisfies the required properties. Therefore, original maximization can be optimized with Expectation Maximization algorithm (EM). Considering high computation cost of EM on large scale image set, we implement the optimization process with an efficient strategy as Mini-Batch approximation of EM (MBEM). In the experiments both detector and descriptor are instantiated with fully convolutional network which is named as Property Network (PN). The experiments demonstrate that PN outperforms state-of-the-art methods on a number of image matching benchmarks without need of retraining. PN also reveals that the proposed training framework has high flexibility to adapt to diverse types of scenes. 
### 25.A Fully-Convolutional Neural Network for Background Subtraction of Unseen Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11371.pdf)
>  Background subtraction is a basic task in computer vision and video processing often applied as a pre-processing step for object tracking, people recognition, etc. Recently, a number of successful background subtraction algorithms have been proposed, however nearly all of the top-performing ones are supervised. Crucially, their success relies upon the availability of some annotated frames of the test video during training. Consequently, their performance on completely unseen videos is undocumented in the literature. In this work, we propose a new, supervised, background-subtraction algorithm for unseen videos (BSUV-Net) based on a fully-convolutional neural network. The input to our network consists of the current frame and two background frames captured at different time scales along with their semantic segmentation maps. In order to reduce the chance of overfitting, we also introduce a new data-augmentation technique which mitigates the impact of illumination difference between the background frames and the current frame. On the CDNet-2014 dataset, BSUV-Net outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms evaluated on unseen videos in terms of F-measure, recall and precision metrics. 
### 26.MVB: A Large-Scale Dataset for Baggage Re-Identification and Merged Siamese Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11366.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel dataset named MVB (Multi View Baggage) for baggage ReID task which has some essential differences from person ReID. The features of MVB are three-fold. First, MVB is the first publicly released large-scale dataset that contains 4519 baggage identities and 22660 annotated baggage images as well as its surface material labels. Second, all baggage images are captured by specially-designed multi-view camera system to handle pose variation and occlusion, in order to obtain the 3D information of baggage surface as complete as possible. Third, MVB has remarkable inter-class similarity and intra-class dissimilarity, considering the fact that baggage might have very similar appearance while the data is collected in two real airport environments, where imaging factors varies significantly from each other. Moreover, we proposed a merged Siamese network as baseline model and evaluated its performance. Experiments and case study are conducted on MVB. 
### 27.DABNet: Depth-wise Asymmetric Bottleneck for Real-time Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11357.pdf)
>  As a pixel-level prediction task, semantic segmentation needs large computational cost with enormous parameters to obtain high performance. Recently, due to the increasing demand for autonomous systems and robots, it is significant to make a tradeoff between accuracy and inference speed. In this paper, we propose a novel Depthwise Asymmetric Bottleneck (DAB) module to address this dilemma, which efficiently adopts depth-wise asymmetric convolution and dilated convolution to build a bottleneck structure. Based on the DAB module, we design a Depth-wise Asymmetric Bottleneck Network (DABNet) especially for real-time semantic segmentation, which creates sufficient receptive field and densely utilizes the contextual information. Experiments on Cityscapes and CamVid datasets demonstrate that the proposed DABNet achieves a balance between speed and precision. Specifically, without any pretrained model and postprocessing, it achieves 70.1% Mean IoU on the Cityscapes test dataset with only 0.76 million parameters and a speed of 104 FPS on a single GTX 1080Ti card. 
### 28.Place Clustering-based Feature Recombination for Visual Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11350.pdf)
>  Visual place recognition is an important problem in both computer vision and robotics, and image content changes caused by occlusion and viewpoint changes in natural scenes still pose challenges to place recognition. This paper aims at the problem by proposing novel feature recombination based on place clustering. Firstly, a general pyramid extension scheme, called Pyramid Principal Phases Feature (Tri-PF), is extracted based on the histogram feature. Further to maximize the role of the new feature, we evaluate the similarity by clustering images with a certain threshold as a 'place'. Extensive experiments have been conducted to verify the effectiveness of the proposed approach and the results demonstrate that our method can achieve consistently better performance than state-of-the-art on two standard place recognition benchmarks. 
### 29.Camera Distance-aware Top-down Approach for 3D Multi-person Pose Estimation from a Single RGB Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11346.pdf)
>  Although significant improvement has been achieved in 3D human pose estimation, most of the previous methods only consider a single-person case. In this work, we firstly propose a fully learning-based, camera distance-aware top-down approach for 3D multi-person pose estimation from a single RGB image. The pipeline of the proposed system consists of human detection, absolute 3D human root localization, and root-relative 3D single-person pose estimation models. Our system achieves comparable results with the state-of-the-art 3D single-person pose estimation models without any groundtruth information and significantly outperforms previous 3D multi-person pose estimation methods on publicly available datasets. The code is available in \footnote{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mks0601/3DMPPE_ROOTNET_RELEASE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}\footnote{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mks0601/3DMPPE_POSENET_RELEASE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}. 
### 30.NoduleNet: Decoupled False Positive Reductionfor Pulmonary Nodule Detection and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11320.pdf)
>  Pulmonary nodule detection, false positive reduction and segmentation represent three of the most common tasks in the computeraided analysis of chest CT images. Methods have been proposed for eachtask with deep learning based methods heavily favored recently. However training deep learning models to solve each task separately may be sub-optimal - resource intensive and without the benefit of feature sharing. Here, we propose a new end-to-end 3D deep convolutional neural net (DCNN), called NoduleNet, to solve nodule detection, false positive reduction and nodule segmentation jointly in a multi-task fashion. To avoid friction between different tasks and encourage feature diversification, we incorporate two major design tricks: 1) decoupled feature maps for nodule detection and false positive reduction, and 2) a segmentation refinement subnet for increasing the precision of nodule segmentation. Extensive experiments on the large-scale LIDC dataset demonstrate that the multi-task training is highly beneficial, improving the nodule detection accuracy by 10.27%, compared to the baseline model trained to only solve the nodule detection task. We also carry out systematic ablation studies to highlight contributions from each of the added components. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/uci-cbcl/NoduleNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 31.SceneGraphNet: Neural Message Passing for 3D Indoor Scene Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11308.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a neural message passing approach to augment an input 3D indoor scene with new objects matching their surroundings. Given an input, potentially incomplete, 3D scene and a query location, our method predicts a probability distribution over object types that fit well in that location. Our distribution is predicted though passing learned messages in a dense graph whose nodes represent objects in the input scene and edges represent spatial and structural relationships. By weighting messages through an attention mechanism, our method learns to focus on the most relevant surrounding scene context to predict new scene objects. We found that our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art approaches in terms of correctly predicting objects missing in a scene based on our experiments in the SUNCG dataset. We also demonstrate other applications of our method, including context-based 3D object recognition and iterative scene generation. 
### 32.A Novel Approach for Robust Multi Human Action Detection and Recognition based on 3-Dimentional Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11272.pdf)
>  In recent years, various attempts have been proposed to explore the use of spatial and temporal information for human action recognition using convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, only a small number of methods are available for the recognition of many human actions performed by more than one person in the same surveillance video. This paper proposes a novel technique for multiple human action recognition using a new architecture based on 3Dimdenisional deep learning with application to video surveillance systems. The first stage of the model uses a new representation of the data by extracting the sequence of each person acting in the scene. An analysis of each sequence to detect the corresponding actions is also proposed. KTH, Weizmann and UCF-ARG datasets were used for training, new datasets were also constructed which include a number of persons having multiple actions were used for testing the proposed algorithm. The results of this work revealed that the proposed method provides more accurate multi human action recognition achieving 98%. Other videos were used for the evaluation including datasets (UCF101, Hollywood2, HDMB51, and YouTube) without any preprocessing and the results obtained suggest that our proposed method clearly improves the performances when compared to state-of-the-art methods. 
### 33.Multi-Stage Prediction Networks for Data Harmonization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11629.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce multi-task learning (MTL) to data harmonization (DH); where we aim to harmonize images across different acquisition platforms and sites. This allows us to integrate information from multiple acquisitions and improve the predictive performance and learning efficiency of the harmonization model. Specifically, we introduce the Multi Stage Prediction (MSP) Network, a MTL framework that incorporates neural networks of potentially disparate architectures, trained for different individual acquisition platforms, into a larger architecture that is refined in unison. The MSP utilizes high-level features of single networks for individual tasks, as inputs of additional neural networks to inform the final prediction, therefore exploiting redundancy across tasks to make the most of limited training data. We validate our methods on a dMRI harmonization challenge dataset, where we predict three modern platform types, from one obtained from an old scanner. We show how MTL architectures, such as the MSP, produce around 20\% improvement of patch-based mean-squared error over current state-of-the-art methods and that our MSP outperforms off-the-shelf MTL networks. Our code is available <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sbb-gh/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 34.Self-Adaptive 2D-3D Ensemble of Fully Convolutional Networks for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11587.pdf)
>  Segmentation is a critical step in medical image analysis. Fully Convolutional Networks (FCNs) have emerged as powerful segmentation models achieving state-of-the-art results in various medical image datasets. Network architectures are usually designed manually for a specific segmentation task so applying them to other medical datasets requires extensive experience and time. Moreover, the segmentation requires handling large volumetric data that results in big and complex architectures. Recently, methods that automatically design neural networks for medical image segmentation have been presented; however, most approaches either do not fully consider volumetric information or do not optimize the size of the network. In this paper, we propose a novel self-adaptive 2D-3D ensemble of FCNs for medical image segmentation that incorporates volumetric information and optimizes both the model's performance and size. The model is composed of an ensemble of a 2D FCN that extracts intra-slice information, and a 3D FCN that exploits inter-slice information. The architectures of the 2D and 3D FCNs are automatically adapted to a medical image dataset using a multiobjective evolutionary based algorithm that minimizes both the segmentation error and number of parameters in the network. The proposed 2D-3D FCN ensemble was tested on the task of prostate segmentation on the image dataset from the PROMISE12 Grand Challenge. The resulting network is ranked in the top 10 submissions, surpassing the performance of other automatically-designed architectures while being considerably smaller in size. 
### 35.Bayesian Volumetric Autoregressive generative models for better semisupervised learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11559.pdf)
>  Deep generative models are rapidly gaining traction in medical imaging. Nonetheless, most generative architectures struggle to capture the underlying probability distributions of volumetric data, exhibit convergence problems, and offer no robust indices of model uncertainty. By comparison, the autoregressive generative model PixelCNN can be extended to volumetric data with relative ease, it readily attempts to learn the true underlying probability distribution and it still admits a Bayesian reformulation that provides a principled framework for reasoning about model uncertainty. Our contributions in this paper are two fold: first, we extend PixelCNN to work with volumetric brain magnetic resonance imaging data. Second, we show that reformulating this model to approximate a deep Gaussian process yields a measure of uncertainty that improves the performance of semi-supervised learning, in particular classification performance in settings where the proportion of labelled data is low. We quantify this improvement across classification, regression, and semantic segmentation tasks, training and testing on clinical magnetic resonance brain imaging data comprising T1-weighted and diffusion-weighted sequences. 
### 36.AVEC 2019 Workshop and Challenge: State-of-Mind, Detecting Depression with AI, and Cross-Cultural Affect Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11510.pdf)
>  The Audio/Visual Emotion Challenge and Workshop (AVEC 2019) "State-of-Mind, Detecting Depression with AI, and Cross-cultural Affect Recognition" is the ninth competition event aimed at the comparison of multimedia processing and machine learning methods for automatic audiovisual health and emotion analysis, with all participants competing strictly under the same conditions. The goal of the Challenge is to provide a common benchmark test set for multimodal information processing and to bring together the health and emotion recognition communities, as well as the audiovisual processing communities, to compare the relative merits of various approaches to health and emotion recognition from real-life data. This paper presents the major novelties introduced this year, the challenge guidelines, the data used, and the performance of the baseline systems on the three proposed tasks: state-of-mind recognition, depression assessment with AI, and cross-cultural affect sensing, respectively. 
### 37.Annotation-Free Cardiac Vessel Segmentation via Knowledge Transfer from Retinal Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11483.pdf)
>  Segmenting coronary arteries is challenging, as classic unsupervised methods fail to produce satisfactory results and modern supervised learning (deep learning) requires manual annotation which is often time-consuming and can some time be infeasible. To solve this problem, we propose a knowledge transfer based shape-consistent generative adversarial network (SC-GAN), which is an annotation-free approach that uses the knowledge from publicly available annotated fundus dataset to segment coronary arteries. The proposed network is trained in an end-to-end fashion, generating and segmenting synthetic images that maintain the background of coronary angiography and preserve the vascular structures of retinal vessels and coronary arteries. We train and evaluate the proposed model on a dataset of 1092 digital subtraction angiography images, and experiments demonstrate the supreme accuracy of the proposed method on coronary arteries segmentation. 
### 38.A bisector line field approach to interpolation of orientation fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11449.pdf)
>  We propose an approach to the problem of global reconstruction of an orientation field. The method is based on a geometric model called "bisector line fields", which maps a pair of vector fields to an orientation field, effectively generalizing the notion of doubling phase vector fields. Endowed with a well chosen energy minimization problem, we provide a polynomial interpolation of a target orientation field while bypassing the doubling phase step. The procedure is then illustrated with examples from fingerprint analysis. 
### 39.Automatic Calcium Scoring in Cardiac and Chest CT Using DenseRAUnet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11392.pdf)
>  Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a common and strong threat to human beings, featuring high prevalence, disability and mortality. The amount of coronary artery calcification (CAC) is an effective factor for CVD risk evaluation. Conventionally, CAC is quantified using ECG-synchronized cardiac CT but rarely from general chest CT scans. However, compared with ECG-synchronized cardiac CT, chest CT is more prevalent and economical in clinical practice. To address this, we propose an automatic method based on Dense U-Net to segment coronary calcium pixels on both types of CT scans. Our contribution is two-fold. First, we propose a novel network called DenseRAUnet, which takes advantage of Dense U-net, ResNet and atrous convolutions. We prove the robustness and generalizability of our model by training it exclusively on chest CT while test on both types of CT scans. Second, we design a loss function combining bootstrap with IoU function to balance foreground and background classes. DenseRAUnet is trained in a 2.5D fashion and tested on a private dataset consisting of 144 scans. Results show an F1-score of 0.75, with 0.83 accuracy of predicting cardiovascular disease risk. 
### 40.Image Enhancement by Recurrently-trained Super-resolution Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11341.pdf)
>  We introduce a new learning strategy for image enhancement by recurrently training the same simple superresolution (SR) network multiple times. After initially training an SR network by using pairs of a corrupted low resolution (LR) image and an original image, the proposed method makes use of the trained SR network to generate new high resolution (HR) images with a doubled resolution from the original uncorrupted images. Then, the new HR images are downscaled to the original resolution, which work as target images for the SR network in the next stage. The newly generated HR images by the repeatedly trained SR network show better image quality and this strategy of training LR to mimic new HR can lead to a more efficient SR network. Up to a certain point, by repeating this process multiple times, better and better images are obtained. This recurrent leaning strategy for SR can be a good solution for downsizing convolution networks and making a more efficient SR network. To measure the enhanced image quality, for the first time in this area of super-resolution and image enhancement, we use VIQET MOS score which reflects human visual quality more accurately than the conventional MSE measure. 
### 41.Recurrent Aggregation Learning for Multi-View Echocardiographic Sequences Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11292.pdf)
>  Multi-view echocardiographic sequences segmentation is crucial for clinical diagnosis. However, this task is challenging due to limited labeled data, huge noise, and large gaps across views. Here we propose a recurrent aggregation learning method to tackle this challenging task. By pyramid ConvBlocks, multi-level and multi-scale features are extracted efficiently. Hierarchical ConvLSTMs next fuse these features and capture spatial-temporal information in multi-level and multi-scale space. We further introduce a double-branch aggregation mechanism for segmentation and classification which are mutually promoted by deep aggregation of multi-level and multi-scale features. The segmentation branch provides information to guide the classification while the classification branch affords multi-view regularization to refine segmentations and further lessen gaps across views. Our method is built as an end-to-end framework for segmentation and classification. Adequate experiments on our multi-view dataset (9000 labeled images) and the CAMUS dataset (1800 labeled images) corroborate that our method achieves not only superior segmentation and classification accuracy but also prominent temporal stability. 
### 42.Boundary loss for highly unbalanced segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.07032.pdf)
>  Widely used loss functions for convolutional neural network (CNN) segmentation, e.g., Dice or cross-entropy, are based on integrals (summations) over the segmentation regions. Unfortunately, it is quite common in medical image analysis to have highly unbalanced segmentations, where standard losses contain regional terms with values that differ considerably --typically of several orders of magnitude-- across segmentation classes, which may affect training performance and stability. The purpose of this study is to build a boundary loss, which takes the form of a distance metric on the space of contours, not regions. We argue that a boundary loss can mitigate the difficulties of regional losses in the context of highly unbalanced segmentation problems because it uses integrals over the boundary between regions instead of unbalanced integrals over regions. Furthermore, a boundary loss provides information that is complementary to regional losses. Unfortunately, it is not straightforward to represent the boundary points corresponding to the regional softmax outputs of a CNN. Our boundary loss is inspired by discrete (graph-based) optimization techniques for computing gradient flows of curve evolution. Following an integral approach for computing boundary variations, we express a non-symmetric L2 distance on the space of shapes as a regional integral, which avoids completely local differential computations involving contour points. Our boundary loss is the sum of linear functions of the regional softmax probability outputs of the network. Therefore, it can easily be combined with standard regional losses and implemented with any existing deep network architecture for N-D segmentation. Our boundary loss has been validated on two benchmark datasets corresponding to difficult, highly unbalanced segmentation problems: the ischemic stroke lesion (ISLES) and white matter hyperintensities (WMH). 
