# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 26 Jul 2019
### 1.Learning Visual Actions Using Multiple Verb-Only Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11117.pdf)
>  This work introduces verb-only representations for both recognition and retrieval of visual actions, in video. Current methods neglect legitimate semantic ambiguities between verbs, instead choosing unambiguous subsets of verbs along with objects to disambiguate the actions. We instead propose multiple verb-only labels, which we learn through hard or soft assignment as a regression. This enables learning a much larger vocabulary of verbs, including contextual overlaps of these verbs. We collect multi-verb annotations for three action video datasets and evaluate the verb-only labelling representations for action recognition and cross-modal retrieval (video-to-text and text-to-video). We demonstrate that multi-label verb-only representations outperform conventional single verb labels. We also explore other benefits of a multi-verb representation including cross-dataset retrieval and verb type manner and result verb types) retrieval. 
### 2.MultiDepth: Single-Image Depth Estimation via Multi-Task Regression and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11111.pdf)
>  We introduce MultiDepth, a novel training strategy and convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture that allows approaching single-image depth estimation (SIDE) as a multi-task problem. SIDE is an important part of road scene understanding. It, thus, plays a vital role in advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles. Best results for the SIDE task so far have been achieved using deep CNNs. However, optimization of regression problems, such as estimating depth, is still a challenging task. For the related tasks of image classification and semantic segmentation, numerous CNN-based methods with robust training behavior have been proposed. Hence, in order to overcome the notorious instability and slow convergence of depth value regression during training, MultiDepth makes use of depth interval classification as an auxiliary task. The auxiliary task can be disabled at test-time to predict continuous depth values using the main regression branch more efficiently. We applied MultiDepth to road scenes and present results on the KITTI depth prediction dataset. In experiments, we were able to show that end-to-end multi-task learning with both, regression and classification, is able to considerably improve training and yield more accurate results. 
### 3.SlimYOLOv3: Narrower, Faster and Better for Real-Time UAV Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11093.pdf)
>  Drones or general Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs), endowed with computer vision function by on-board cameras and embedded systems, have become popular in a wide range of applications. However, real-time scene parsing through object detection running on a UAV platform is very challenging, due to limited memory and computing power of embedded devices. To deal with these challenges, in this paper we propose to learn efficient deep object detectors through channel pruning of convolutional layers. To this end, we enforce channel-level sparsity of convolutional layers by imposing L1 regularization on channel scaling factors and prune less informative feature channels to obtain "slim" object detectors. Based on such approach, we present SlimYOLOv3 with fewer trainable parameters and floating point operations (FLOPs) in comparison of original YOLOv3 (Joseph Redmon et al., 2018) as a promising solution for real-time object detection on UAVs. We evaluate SlimYOLOv3 on VisDrone2018-Det benchmark dataset; compelling results are achieved by SlimYOLOv3 in comparison of unpruned counterpart, including ~90.8% decrease of FLOPs, ~92.0% decline of parameter size, running ~2 times faster and comparable detection accuracy as YOLOv3. Experimental results with different pruning ratios consistently verify that proposed SlimYOLOv3 with narrower structure are more efficient, faster and better than YOLOv3, and thus are more suitable for real-time object detection on UAVs. Our codes are made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PengyiZhang/SlimYOLOv3" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 4.Importance-Aware Semantic Segmentation with Efficient Pyramidal Context Network for Navigational Assistant Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11066.pdf)
>  Semantic Segmentation (SS) is a task to assign semantic label to each pixel of the images, which is of immense significance for autonomous vehicles, robotics and assisted navigation of vulnerable road users. It is obvious that in different application scenarios, different objects possess hierarchical importance and safety-relevance, but conventional loss functions like cross entropy have not taken the different levels of importance of diverse traffic elements into consideration. To address this dilemma, we leverage and re-design an importance-aware loss function, throwing insightful hints on how importance of semantics are assigned for real-world applications. To customize semantic segmentation networks for different navigational tasks, we extend ERF-PSPNet, a real-time segmenter designed for wearable device aiding visually impaired pedestrians, and propose BiERF-PSPNet, which can yield high-quality segmentation maps with finer spatial details exceptionally suitable for autonomous vehicles. A comprehensive variety of experiments with these efficient pyramidal context networks on CamVid and Cityscapes datasets demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposal to support diverse navigational assistant systems. 
### 5.Don't Worry About the Weather: Unsupervised Condition-Dependent Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11004.pdf)
>  Modern models that perform system-critical tasks such as segmentation and localization exhibit good performance and robustness under ideal conditions (i.e. daytime, overcast) but performance degrades quickly and often catastrophically when input conditions change. In this work, we present a domain adaptation system that uses light-weight input adapters to pre-processes input images, irrespective of their appearance, in a way that makes them compatible with off-the-shelf computer vision tasks that are trained only on inputs with ideal conditions. No fine-tuning is performed on the off-the-shelf models, and the system is capable of incrementally training new input adapters in a self-supervised fashion, using the computer vision tasks as supervisors, when the input domain differs significantly from previously seen domains. We report large improvements in semantic segmentation and topological localization performance on two popular datasets, RobotCar and BDD. 
### 6.Enhancing Underexposed Photos using Perceptually Bidirectional Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10992.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of enhancing underexposed photos. Existing methods have tackled this problem from many different perspectives and achieved remarkable progress. However, they may fail to produce satisfactory results due to the presence of visual artifacts such as color distortion, loss of details and uneven exposure, etc. To obtain high-quality results free of these artifacts, we present a novel underexposed photo enhancement approach in this paper. Our main observation is that, the reason why existing methods induce the artifacts is because they break a perceptual consistency between the input and the enhanced output. Based on this observation, an effective criterion, called perceptually bidirectional similarity (PBS) is proposed for preserving the perceptual consistency during enhancement. Particularly, we cast the underexposed photo enhancement as PBS-constrained illumination estimation optimization, where the PBS is defined as three constraints for estimating the illumination that can recover the enhancement results with normal exposure, distinct contrast, clear details and vivid color. To make our method more efficient and scalable to high-resolution images, we introduce a sampling-based strategy for accelerating the illumination estimation. Moreover, we extend our method to handle underexposed videos. Qualitative and quantitative comparisons as well as the user study demonstrate the superiority of our method over the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 7.Cross Attention Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10958.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the semantic segmentation task with a deep network that combines contextual features and spatial information. The proposed Cross Attention Network is composed of two branches and a Feature Cross Attention (FCA) module. Specifically, a shallow branch is used to preserve low-level spatial information and a deep branch is employed to extract high-level contextual features. Then the FCA module is introduced to combine these two branches. Different from most existing attention mechanisms, the FCA module obtains spatial attention map and channel attention map from two branches separately, and then fuses them. The contextual features are used to provide global contextual guidance in fused feature maps, and spatial features are used to refine localizations. The proposed network outperforms other real-time methods with improved speed on the Cityscapes and CamVid datasets with lightweight backbones, and achieves state-of-the-art performance with a deep backbone. 
### 8.Y-Autoencoders: disentangling latent representations via sequential-encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10949.pdf)
>  In the last few years there have been important advancements in generative models with the two dominant approaches being Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) and Variational Autoencoders (VAEs). However, standard Autoencoders (AEs) and closely related structures have remained popular because they are easy to train and adapt to different tasks. An interesting question is if we can achieve state-of-the-art performance with AEs while retaining their good properties. We propose an answer to this question by introducing a new model called Y-Autoencoder (Y-AE). The structure and training procedure of a Y-AE enclose a representation into an implicit and an explicit part. The implicit part is similar to the output of an autoencoder and the explicit part is strongly correlated with labels in the training set. The two parts are separated in the latent space by splitting the output of the encoder into two paths (forming a Y shape) before decoding and re-encoding. We then impose a number of losses, such as reconstruction loss, and a loss on dependence between the implicit and explicit parts. Additionally, the projection in the explicit manifold is monitored by a predictor, that is embedded in the encoder and trained end-to-end with no adversarial losses. We provide significant experimental results on various domains, such as separation of style and content, image-to-image translation, and inverse graphics. 
### 9.ET-Net: A Generic Edge-aTtention Guidance Network for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10936.pdf)
>  Segmentation is a fundamental task in medical image analysis. However, most existing methods focus on primary region extraction and ignore edge information, which is useful for obtaining accurate segmentation. In this paper, we propose a generic medical segmentation method, called Edge-aTtention guidance Network (ET-Net), which embeds edge-attention representations to guide the segmentation network. Specifically, an edge guidance module is utilized to learn the edge-attention representations in the early encoding layers, which are then transferred to the multi-scale decoding layers, fused using a weighted aggregation module. The experimental results on four segmentation tasks (i.e., optic disc/cup and vessel segmentation in retinal images, and lung segmentation in chest X-Ray and CT images) demonstrate that preserving edge-attention representations contributes to the final segmentation accuracy, and our proposed method outperforms current state-of-the-art segmentation methods. The source code of our method is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZzzJzzZ/ETNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Convolutional Neural Networks on Randomized Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10935.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are build specifically for computer vision tasks for which it is known that the input data is a hierarchical structure based on locally correlated elements. The question that naturally arises is what happens with the performance of CNNs if one of the basic properties of the data is removed, e.g. what happens if the image pixels are randomly permuted? Intuitively one expects that the convolutional network performs poorly in these circumstances in contrast to a multilayer perceptron (MLPs) whose classification accuracy should not be affected by the pixel randomization. This work shows that by randomizing image pixels the hierarchical structure of the data is destroyed and long range correlations are introduced which standard CNNs are not able to capture. We show that their classification accuracy is heavily dependent on the class similarities as well as the pixel randomization process. We also indicate that dilated convolutions are able to recover some of the pixel correlations and improve the performance. 
### 11.Closing the Gap between Deep and Conventional Image Registration using Probabilistic Dense Displacement Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10931.pdf)
>  Nonlinear image registration continues to be a fundamentally important tool in medical image analysis. Diagnostic tasks, image-guided surgery and radiotherapy as well as motion analysis all rely heavily on accurate intra-patient alignment. Furthermore, inter-patient registration enables atlas-based segmentation or landmark localisation and shape analysis. When labelled scans are scarce and anatomical differences large, conventional registration has often remained superior to deep learning methods that have so far mainly dealt with relatively small or low-complexity deformations. We address this shortcoming by leveraging ideas from probabilistic dense displacement optimisation that has excelled in many registration tasks with large deformations. We propose to design a network with approximate min-convolutions and mean field inference for differentiable displacement regularisation within a discrete weakly-supervised registration setting. By employing these meaningful and theoretically proven constraints, our learnable registration algorithm contains very few trainable weights (primarily for feature extraction) and is easier to train with few labelled scans. It is very fast in training and inference and achieves state-of-the-art accuracies for the challenging inter-patient registration of abdominal CT outperforming previous deep learning approaches by 15% Dice overlap. 
### 12.Self-supervised Domain Adaptation for Computer Vision Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10915.pdf)
>  Recent progress of self-supervised visual representation learning has achieved remarkable success on many challenging computer vision benchmarks. However, whether these techniques can be used for domain adaptation has not been explored. In this work, we propose a generic method for self-supervised domain adaptation, using object recognition and semantic segmentation of urban scenes as use cases. Focusing on simple pretext/auxiliary tasks (e.g. image rotation prediction), we assess different learning strategies to improve domain adaptation effectiveness by self-supervision. Additionally, we propose two complementary strategies to further boost the domain adaptation accuracy within our method, consisting of prediction layer alignment and batch normalization calibration. For the experimental work, we focus on the relevant setting of training models using synthetic images, and adapting them to perform on real-world images. The obtained results show adaptation levels comparable to most studied domain adaptation methods, thus, bringing self-supervision as a new alternative for reaching domain adaptation. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jiaolong/self-supervised-da" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 13.How to Manipulate CNNs to Make Them Lie: the GradCAM Case  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10901.pdf)
>  Recently many methods have been introduced to explain CNN decisions. However, it has been shown that some methods can be sensitive to manipulation of the input. We continue this line of work and investigate the explanation method GradCAM. Instead of manipulating the input, we consider an adversary that manipulates the model itself to attack the explanation. By changing weights and architecture, we demonstrate that it is possible to generate any desired explanation, while leaving the model's accuracy essentially unchanged. This illustrates that GradCAM cannot explain the decision of every CNN and provides a proof of concept showing that it is possible to obfuscate the inner workings of a CNN. Finally, we combine input and model manipulation. To this end we put a backdoor in the network: the explanation is correct unless there is a specific pattern present in the input, which triggers a malicious explanation. Our work raises new security concerns, especially in settings where explanations of models may be used to make decisions, such as in the medical domain. 
### 14.Interpretability Beyond Classification Output: Semantic Bottleneck Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10882.pdf)
>  Today's deep learning systems deliver high performance based on end-to-end training. While they deliver strong performance, these systems are hard to interpret. To address this issue, we propose Semantic Bottleneck Networks (SBN): deep networks with semantically interpretable intermediate layers that all downstream results are based on. As a consequence, the analysis on what the final prediction is based on is transparent to the engineer and failure cases and modes can be analyzed and avoided by high-level reasoning. We present a case study on street scene segmentation to demonstrate the feasibility and power of SBN. In particular, we start from a well performing classic deep network which we adapt to house a SB-Layer containing task related semantic concepts (such as object-parts and materials). Importantly, we can recover state of the art performance despite a drastic dimensionality reduction from 1000s (non-semantic feature) to 10s (semantic concept) channels. Additionally we show how the activations of the SB-Layer can be used for both the interpretation of failure cases of the network as well as for confidence prediction of the resulting output. For the first time, e.g., we show interpretable segmentation results for most predictions at over 99% accuracy. 
### 15.A Compact Light Field Camera for Real-Time Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10880.pdf)
>  Depth cameras are utilized in many applications. Recently light field approaches are increasingly being used for depth computation. While these approaches demonstrate the technical feasibility, they can not be brought into real-world application, since they have both a high computation time as well as a large design. Exactly these two drawbacks are overcome in this paper. For the first time, we present a depth camera based on the light field principle, which provides real-time depth information as well as a compact design. 
### 16.PU-GAN: a Point Cloud Upsampling Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10844.pdf)
>  Point clouds acquired from range scans are often sparse, noisy, and non-uniform. This paper presents a new point cloud upsampling network called PU-GAN, which is formulated based on a generative adversarial network (GAN), to learn a rich variety of point distributions from the latent space and upsample points over patches on object surfaces. To realize a working GAN network, we construct an up-down-up expansion unit in the generator for upsampling point features with error feedback and self-correction, and formulate a self-attention unit to enhance the feature integration. Further, we design a compound loss with adversarial, uniform and reconstruction terms, to encourage the discriminator to learn more latent patterns and enhance the output point distribution uniformity. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations demonstrate the quality of our results over the state-of-the-arts in terms of distribution uniformity, proximity-to-surface, and 3D reconstruction quality. 
### 17.Learning Resolution-Invariant Deep Representations for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10843.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) solves the task of matching images across cameras and is among the research topics in vision community. Since query images in real-world scenarios might suffer from resolution loss, how to solve the resolution mismatch problem during person re-ID becomes a practical problem. Instead of applying separate image super-resolution models, we propose a novel network architecture of Resolution Adaptation and re-Identification Network (RAIN) to solve cross-resolution person re-ID. Advancing the strategy of adversarial learning, we aim at extracting resolution-invariant representations for re-ID, while the proposed model is learned in an end-to-end training fashion. Our experiments confirm that the use of our model can recognize low-resolution query images, even if the resolution is not seen during training. Moreover, the extension of our model for semi-supervised re-ID further confirms the scalability of our proposed method for real-world scenarios and applications. 
### 18.Hard-Aware Fashion Attribute Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10839.pdf)
>  Fashion attribute classification is of great importance to many high-level tasks such as fashion item search, fashion trend analysis, fashion recommendation, etc. The task is challenging due to the extremely imbalanced data distribution, particularly the attributes with only a few positive samples. In this paper, we introduce a hard-aware pipeline to make full use of "hard" samples/attributes. We first propose Hard-Aware BackPropagation (HABP) to efficiently and adaptively focus on training "hard" data. Then for the identified hard labels, we propose to synthesize more complementary samples for training. To stabilize training, we extend semi-supervised GAN by directly deactivating outputs for synthetic complementary samples (Deact). In general, our method is more effective in addressing "hard" cases. HABP weights more on "hard" samples. For "hard" attributes with insufficient training data, Deact brings more stable synthetic samples for training and further improve the performance. Our method is verified on large scale fashion dataset, outperforming other state-of-the-art without any additional supervisions. 
### 19.A Fine-Grained Facial Expression Database for End-to-End Multi-Pose Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10838.pdf)
>  The recent research of facial expression recognition has made a lot of progress due to the development of deep learning technologies, but some typical challenging problems such as the variety of rich facial expressions and poses are still not resolved. To solve these problems, we develop a new Facial Expression Recognition (FER) framework by involving the facial poses into our image synthesizing and classification process. There are two major novelties in this work. First, we create a new facial expression dataset of more than 200k images with 119 persons, 4 poses and 54 expressions. To our knowledge this is the first dataset to label faces with subtle emotion changes for expression recognition purpose. It is also the first dataset that is large enough to validate the FER task on unbalanced poses, expressions, and zero-shot subject IDs. Second, we propose a facial pose generative adversarial network (FaPE-GAN) to synthesize new facial expression images to augment the data set for training purpose, and then learn a LightCNN based Fa-Net model for expression classification. Finally, we advocate four novel learning tasks on this dataset. The experimental results well validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. 
### 20.Submission to ActivityNet Challenge 2019: Task B Spatio-temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10837.pdf)
>  This technical report present an overview of our system proposed for the spatio-temporal action localization(SAL) task in ActivityNet Challenge 2019. Unlike previous two-streams-based works, we focus on exploring the end-to-end trainable architecture using only RGB sequential images. To this end, we employ a previously proposed simple yet effective two-branches network called SlowFast Networks which is capable of capturing both short- and long-term spatiotemporal features. Moreover, to handle the severe class imbalance and overfitting problems, we propose a correlation-preserving data augmentation method and a random label subsampling method which have been proven to be able to reduce overfitting and improve the performance. 
### 21.U-GAT-IT: Unsupervised Generative Attentional Networks with Adaptive Layer-Instance Normalization for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10830.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for unsupervised image-to-image translation, which incorporates a new attention module and a new learnable normalization function in an end-to-end manner. The attention module guides our model to focus on more important regions distinguishing between source and target domains based on the attention map obtained by the auxiliary classifier. Unlike previous attention-based methods which cannot handle the geometric changes between domains, our model can translate both images requiring holistic changes and images requiring large shape changes. Moreover, our new AdaLIN (Adaptive Layer-Instance Normalization) function helps our attention-guided model to flexibly control the amount of change in shape and texture by learned parameters depending on datasets. Experimental results show the superiority of the proposed method compared to the existing state-of-the-art models with a fixed network architecture and hyper-parameters. 
### 22.Self-Supervised Adaptation of High-Fidelity Face Models for Monocular Performance Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10815.pdf)
>  Improvements in data-capture and face modeling techniques have enabled us to create high-fidelity realistic face models. However, driving these realistic face models requires special input data, e.g. 3D meshes and unwrapped textures. Also, these face models expect clean input data taken under controlled lab environments, which is very different from data collected in the wild. All these constraints make it challenging to use the high-fidelity models in tracking for commodity cameras. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised domain adaptation approach to enable the animation of high-fidelity face models from a commodity camera. Our approach first circumvents the requirement for special input data by training a new network that can directly drive a face model just from a single 2D image. Then, we overcome the domain mismatch between lab and uncontrolled environments by performing self-supervised domain adaptation based on "consecutive frame texture consistency" based on the assumption that the appearance of the face is consistent over consecutive frames, avoiding the necessity of modeling the new environment such as lighting or background. Experiments show that we are able to drive a high-fidelity face model to perform complex facial motion from a cellphone camera without requiring any labeled data from the new domain. 
### 23.Co-Evolutionary Compression for Unpaired Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10804.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have been successfully used for considerable computer vision tasks, especially the image-to-image translation. However, generators in these networks are of complicated architectures with large number of parameters and huge computational complexities. Existing methods are mainly designed for compressing and speeding-up deep neural networks in the classification task, and cannot be directly applied on GANs for image translation, due to their different objectives and training procedures. To this end, we develop a novel co-evolutionary approach for reducing their memory usage and FLOPs simultaneously. In practice, generators for two image domains are encoded as two populations and synergistically optimized for investigating the most important convolution filters iteratively. Fitness of each individual is calculated using the number of parameters, a discriminator-aware regularization, and the cycle consistency. Extensive experiments conducted on benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method for obtaining compact and effective generators. 
### 24.Composition-Aware Image Aesthetics Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10801.pdf)
>  Automatic image aesthetics assessment is important for a wide variety of applications such as on-line photo suggestion, photo album management and image retrieval. Previous methods have focused on mapping the holistic image content to a high or low aesthetics rating. However, the composition information of an image characterizes the harmony of its visual elements according to the principles of art, and provides richer information for learning aesthetics. In this work, we propose to model the image composition information as the mutual dependency of its local regions, and design a novel architecture to leverage such information to boost the performance of aesthetics assessment. To achieve this, we densely partition an image into local regions and compute aesthetics-preserving features over the regions to characterize the aesthetics properties of image content. With the feature representation of local regions, we build a region composition graph in which each node denotes one region and any two nodes are connected by an edge weighted by the similarity of the region features. We perform reasoning on this graph via graph convolution, in which the activation of each node is determined by its highly correlated neighbors. Our method naturally uncovers the mutual dependency of local regions in the network training procedure, and achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the benchmark visual aesthetics datasets. 
### 25.Interpreting the Latent Space of GANs for Semantic Face Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10786.pdf)
>  Despite the recent advance of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) in high-fidelity image synthesis, there lacks enough understandings on how GANs are able to map the latent code sampled from a random distribution to a photo-realistic image. Previous work assumes the latent space learned by GAN follows a distributed representation but observes the vector arithmetic phenomenon of the output's semantics in latent space. In this work, we interpret the semantics hidden in the latent space of well-trained GANs. We find that the latent code for well-trained generative models, such as ProgressiveGAN and StyleGAN, actually learns a disentangled representation after some linear transformations. We make a rigorous analysis on the encoding of various semantics in the latent space as well as their properties, and then study how these semantics are correlated to each other. Based on our analysis, we propose a simple and general technique, called InterFaceGAN, for semantic face editing in latent space. Given a synthesized face, we are able to faithfully edit its various attributes such as pose, expression, age, presence of eyeglasses, without retraining the GAN model. Furthermore, we show that even the artifacts occurred in output images are able to be fixed using same approach. Extensive results suggest that learning to synthesize faces spontaneously brings a disentangled and controllable facial attribute representation 
### 26.Defense Against Adversarial Attacks Using Feature Scattering-based Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10764.pdf)
>  We introduce a feature scattering-based adversarial training approach for improving model robustness against adversarial attacks. Conventional adversarial training approaches leverage a supervised scheme (either targeted or non-targeted) in generating attacks for training, which typically suffer from issues such as label leaking as noted in recent works. Differently, the proposed approach generates adversarial images for training through feature scattering in the latent space, which is unsupervised in nature and avoids label leaking. More importantly, this new approach generates perturbed images in a collaborative fashion, taking the inter-sample relationships into consideration. We conduct analysis on model robustness and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach through extensively experiments on different datasets compared with state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 27.One-stage Shape Instantiation from a Single 2D Image to 3D Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10763.pdf)
>  Shape instantiation which predicts the 3D shape of a dynamic target from one or more 2D images is important for real-time intra-operative navigation. Previously, a general shape instantiation framework was proposed with manual image segmentation to generate a 2D Statistical Shape Model (SSM) and with Kernel Partial Least Square Regression (KPLSR) to learn the relationship between the 2D and 3D SSM for 3D shape prediction. In this paper, the two-stage shape instantiation is improved to be one-stage. PointOutNet with 19 convolutional layers and three fully-connected layers is used as the network structure and Chamfer distance is used as the loss function to predict the 3D target point cloud from a single 2D image. With the proposed one-stage shape instantiation algorithm, a spontaneous image-to-point cloud training and inference can be achieved. A dataset from 27 Right Ventricle (RV) subjects, indicating 609 experiments, were used to validate the proposed one-stage shape instantiation algorithm. An average point cloud-to-point cloud (PC-to-PC) error of 1.72mm has been achieved, which is comparable to the PLSR-based (1.42mm) and KPLSR-based (1.31mm) two-stage shape instantiation algorithm. 
### 28.Joint Adversarial Training: Incorporating both Spatial and Pixel Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10737.pdf)
>  Conventional adversarial training methods using attacks that manipulate the pixel value directly and individually, leading to models that are less robust in face of spatial transformation-based attacks. In this paper, we propose a joint adversarial training method that incorporates both spatial transformation-based and pixel-value based attacks for improving model robustness. We introduce a spatial transformation-based attack with an explicit notion of budget and develop an algorithm for spatial attack generation. We further integrate both pixel and spatial attacks into one generation model and show how to leverage the complementary strengths of each other in training for improving the overall model robustness. Extensive experimental results on different benchmark datasets compared with state-of-the-art methods verified the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 29.LayoutVAE: Stochastic Scene Layout Generation from a Label Set  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10719.pdf)
>  Recently there is an increasing interest in scene generation within the research community. However, scene layouts are largely being modeled in deterministic fashion, ignoring any plausible visual variations given the same textual description as input. We propose LayoutVAE, a variational autoencoder based framework for generating stochastic scene layouts. LayoutVAE is a versatile modeling framework that allows for generating full image layouts given a label set, or per label layouts for an existing image given a new label. In addition, it is also capable of detecting unusual layouts, potentially providing a way to evaluate layout generation problem. Extensive experiments on MNIST-Layouts and challenging COCO 2017 Panoptic dataset verifies the effectiveness of our proposed framework. 
### 30.Uncalibrated Deflectometry with a Mobile Device on Extended Specular Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10700.pdf)
>  We introduce a system and methods for the three-dimensional measurement of extended specular surfaces with high surface normal variations. Our system consists only of a mobile hand held device and exploits screen and front camera for Deflectometry-based surface measurements. We demonstrate high quality measurements without the need for an offline calibration procedure. In addition, we develop a multi-view technique to compensate for the small screen of a mobile device so that large surfaces can be densely reconstructed in their entirety. This work is a first step towards developing a self-calibrating Deflectometry procedure capable of taking 3D surface measurements of specular objects in the wild and accessible to users with little to no technical imaging experience. 
### 31.Dual Grid Net: hand mesh vertex regression from single depth maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10695.pdf)
>  We present a method for recovering the dense 3D surface of the hand by regressing the vertex coordinates of a mesh model from a single depth map. To this end, we use a two-stage 2D fully convolutional network architecture. In the first stage, the network estimates a dense correspondence field for every pixel on the depth map or image grid to the mesh grid. In the second stage, we design a differentiable operator to map features learned from the previous stage and regress a 3D coordinate map on the mesh grid. Finally, we sample from the mesh grid to recover the mesh vertices, and fit it an articulated template mesh in closed form. During inference, the network can predict all the mesh vertices, transformation matrices for every joint and the joint coordinates in a single forward pass. When given supervision on the sparse key-point coordinates, our method achieves state-of-the-art accuracy on NYU dataset for key point localization while recovering mesh vertices and a dense correspondence map. Our framework can also be learned through self-supervision by minimizing a set of data fitting and kinematic prior terms. With multi-camera rig during training to resolve self-occlusion, it can perform competitively with strongly supervised methods Without any human annotation. 
### 32.Deep Differentiable Random Forests for Age Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10665.pdf)
>  Age estimation from facial images is typically cast as a label distribution learning or regression problem, since aging is a gradual progress. Its main challenge is the facial feature space w.r.t. ages is inhomogeneous, due to the large variation in facial appearance across different persons of the same age and the non-stationary property of aging. In this paper, we propose two Deep Differentiable Random Forests methods, Deep Label Distribution Learning Forest (DLDLF) and Deep Regression Forest (DRF), for age estimation. Both of them connect split nodes to the top layer of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and deal with inhomogeneous data by jointly learning input-dependent data partitions at the split nodes and age distributions at the leaf nodes. This joint learning follows an alternating strategy: (1) Fixing the leaf nodes and optimizing the split nodes and the CNN parameters by Back-propagation; (2) Fixing the split nodes and optimizing the leaf nodes by Variational Bounding. Two Deterministic Annealing processes are introduced into the learning of the split and leaf nodes, respectively, to avoid poor local optima and obtain better estimates of tree parameters free of initial values. Experimental results show that DLDLF and DRF achieve state-of-the-art performance on three age estimation datasets. 
### 33.SDNet: Semantically Guided Depth Estimation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10659.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles and robots require a full scene understanding of the environment to interact with it. Such a perception typically incorporates pixel-wise knowledge of the depths and semantic labels for each image from a video sensor. Recent learning-based methods estimate both types of information independently using two separate CNNs. In this paper, we propose a model that is able to predict both outputs simultaneously, which leads to improved results and even reduced computational costs compared to independent estimation of depth and semantics. We also empirically prove that the CNN is capable of learning more meaningful and semantically richer features. Furthermore, our SDNet estimates the depth based on ordinal classification. On the basis of these two enhancements, our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results in semantic segmentation and depth estimation from single monocular input images on two challenging datasets. 
### 34.Semi-parametric Object Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10634.pdf)
>  We present a new semi-parametric approach to synthesize novel views of an object from a single monocular image. First, we exploit man-made object symmetry and piece-wise planarity to integrate rich a-priori visual information into the novel viewpoint synthesis process. An Image Completion Network (ICN) then leverages 2.5D sketches rendered from a 3D CAD as guidance to generate a realistic image. In contrast to concurrent works, we do not rely solely on synthetic data but leverage instead existing datasets for 3D object detection to operate in a real-world scenario. Differently from competitors, our semi-parametric framework allows the handling of a wide range of 3D transformations. Thorough experimental analysis against state-of-the-art baselines shows the efficacy of our method both from a quantitative and a perceptive point of view. Code and supplementary material are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ndrplz/semiparametric" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 35.HUGE2: a Highly Untangled Generative-model Engine for Edge-computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11210.pdf)
>  As a type of prominent studies in deep learning, generative models have been widely investigated in research recently. Two research branches of the deep learning models, the Generative Networks (GANs, VAE) and the Semantic Segmentation, rely highly on the upsampling operations, especially the transposed convolution and the dilated convolution. However, these two types of convolutions are intrinsically different from standard convolution regarding the insertion of zeros in input feature maps or in kernels respectively. This distinct nature severely degrades the performance of the existing deep learning engine or frameworks, such as Darknet, Tensorflow, and PyTorch, which are mainly developed for the standard convolution. Another trend in deep learning realm is to deploy the model onto edge/ embedded devices, in which the memory resource is scarce. In this work, we propose a Highly Untangled Generative-model Engine for Edge-computing or HUGE2 for accelerating these two special convolutions on the edge-computing platform by decomposing the kernels and untangling these smaller convolutions by performing basic matrix multiplications. The methods we propose use much smaller memory footprint, hence much fewer memory accesses, and the data access patterns also dramatically increase the reusability of the data already fetched in caches, hence increasing the localities of caches. Our engine achieves a speedup of nearly 5x on embedded CPUs, and around 10x on embedded GPUs, and more than 50% reduction of memory access. 
### 36.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation via Calibrating Uncertainties  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11202.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims at inferring class labels for unlabeled target domain given a related labeled source dataset. Intuitively, a model trained on source domain normally produces higher uncertainties for unseen data. In this work, we build on this assumption and propose to adapt from source to target domain via calibrating their predictive uncertainties. The uncertainty is quantified as the Renyi entropy, from which we propose a general Renyi entropy regularization (RER) framework. We further employ variational Bayes learning for reliable uncertainty estimation. In addition, calibrating the sample variance of network parameters serves as a plug-in regularizer for training. We discuss the theoretical properties of the proposed method and demonstrate its effectiveness on three domain-adaptation tasks. 
### 37.Hetero-Modal Variational Encoder-Decoder for Joint Modality Completion and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11150.pdf)
>  We propose a new deep learning method for tumour segmentation when dealing with missing imaging modalities. Instead of producing one network for each possible subset of observed modalities or using arithmetic operations to combine feature maps, our hetero-modal variational 3D encoder-decoder independently embeds all observed modalities into a shared latent representation. Missing data and tumour segmentation can be then generated from this embedding. In our scenario, the input is a random subset of modalities. We demonstrate that the optimisation problem can be seen as a mixture sampling. In addition to this, we introduce a new network architecture building upon both the 3D U-Net and the Multi-Modal Variational Auto-Encoder (MVAE). Finally, we evaluate our method on BraTS2018 using subsets of the imaging modalities as input. Our model outperforms the current state-of-the-art method for dealing with missing modalities and achieves similar performance to the subset-specific equivalent networks. 
### 38.Accurate and Robust Eye Contact Detection During Everyday Mobile Device Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11115.pdf)
>  Quantification of human attention is key to several tasks in mobile human-computer interaction (HCI), such as predicting user interruptibility, estimating noticeability of user interface content, or measuring user engagement. Previous works to study mobile attentive behaviour required special-purpose eye tracking equipment or constrained users' mobility. We propose a novel method to sense and analyse visual attention on mobile devices during everyday interactions. We demonstrate the capabilities of our method on the sample task of eye contact detection that has recently attracted increasing research interest in mobile HCI. Our method builds on a state-of-the-art method for unsupervised eye contact detection and extends it to address challenges specific to mobile interactive scenarios. Through evaluation on two current datasets, we demonstrate significant performance improvements for eye contact detection across mobile devices, users, or environmental conditions. Moreover, we discuss how our method enables the calculation of additional attention metrics that, for the first time, enable researchers from different domains to study and quantify attention allocation during mobile interactions in the wild. 
### 39.How far are we from quantifying visual attention in mobile HCI?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11106.pdf)
>  With an ever-increasing number of mobile devices competing for our attention, quantifying when, how often, or for how long users visually attend to their devices has emerged as a core challenge in mobile human-computer interaction. Encouraged by recent advances in automatic eye contact detection using machine learning and device-integrated cameras, we provide a fundamental investigation into the feasibility of quantifying visual attention during everyday mobile interactions. We identify core challenges and sources of errors associated with sensing attention on mobile devices in the wild, including the impact of face and eye visibility, the importance of robust head pose estimation, and the need for accurate gaze estimation. Based on this analysis, we propose future research directions and discuss how eye contact detection represents the foundation for exciting new applications towards next-generation pervasive attentive user interfaces. 
### 40.Towards Generalizing Sensorimotor Control Across Weather Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.11025.pdf)
>  The ability of deep learning models to generalize well across different scenarios depends primarily on the quality and quantity of annotated data. Labeling large amounts of data for all possible scenarios that a model may encounter would not be feasible; if even possible. We propose a framework to deal with limited labeled training data and demonstrate it on the application of vision-based vehicle control. We show how limited steering angle data available for only one condition can be transferred to multiple different weather scenarios. This is done by leveraging unlabeled images in a teacher-student learning paradigm complemented with an image-to-image translation network. The translation network transfers the images to a new domain, whereas the teacher provides soft supervised targets to train the student on this domain. Furthermore, we demonstrate how utilization of auxiliary networks can reduce the size of a model at inference time, without affecting the accuracy. The experiments show that our approach generalizes well across multiple different weather conditions using only ground truth labels from one domain. 
### 41.Weakly Supervised Recognition of Surgical Gestures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10993.pdf)
>  Kinematic trajectories recorded from surgical robots contain information about surgical gestures and potentially encode cues about surgeon's skill levels. Automatic segmentation of these trajectories into meaningful action units could help to develop new metrics for surgical skill assessment as well as to simplify surgical automation. State-of-the-art methods for action recognition relied on manual labelling of large datasets, which is time consuming and error prone. Unsupervised methods have been developed to overcome these limitations. However, they often rely on tedious parameter tuning and perform less well than supervised approaches, especially on data with high variability such as surgical trajectories. Hence, the potential of weak supervision could be to improve unsupervised learning while avoiding manual annotation of large datasets. In this paper, we used at a minimum one expert demonstration and its ground truth annotations to generate an appropriate initialization for a GMM-based algorithm for gesture recognition. We showed on real surgical demonstrations that the latter significantly outperforms standard task-agnostic initialization methods. We also demonstrated how to improve the recognition accuracy further by redefining the actions and optimising the inputs. 
### 42.Overfitting of neural nets under class imbalance: Analysis and improvements for segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10982.pdf)
>  Overfitting in deep learning has been the focus of a number of recent works, yet its exact impact on the behavior of neural networks is not well understood. This study analyzes overfitting by examining how the distribution of logits alters in relation to how much the model overfits. Specifically, we find that when training with few data samples, the distribution of logit activations when processing unseen test samples of an under-represented class tends to shift towards and even across the decision boundary, while the over-represented class seems unaffected. In image segmentation, foreground samples are often heavily under-represented. We observe that sensitivity of the model drops as a result of overfitting, while precision remains mostly stable. Based on our analysis, we derive asymmetric modifications of existing loss functions and regularizers including a large margin loss, focal loss, adversarial training and mixup, which specifically aim at reducing the shift observed when embedding unseen samples of the under-represented class. We study the case of binary segmentation of brain tumor core and show that our proposed simple modifications lead to significantly improved segmentation performance over the symmetric variants. 
### 43.Is Texture Predictive for Age and Sex in Brain MRI?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10961.pdf)
>  Deep learning builds the foundation for many medical image analysis tasks where neuralnetworks are often designed to have a large receptive field to incorporate long spatialdependencies. Recent work has shown that large receptive fields are not always necessaryfor computer vision tasks on natural images. We explore whether this translates to certainmedical imaging tasks such as age and sex prediction from a T1-weighted brain MRI scans. 
### 44.Simultaneous multi-view instance detection with learned geometric soft-constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10892.pdf)
>  We propose to jointly learn multi-view geometry and warping between views of the same object instances for robust cross-view object detection. What makes multi-view object instance detection difficult are strong changes in viewpoint, lighting conditions, high similarity of neighbouring objects, and strong variability in scale. By turning object detection and instance re-identification in different views into a joint learning task, we are able to incorporate both image appearance and geometric soft constraints into a single, multi-view detection process that is learnable end-to-end. We validate our method on a new, large data set of street-level panoramas of urban objects and show superior performance compared to various baselines. Our contribution is threefold: a large-scale, publicly available data set for multi-view instance detection and re-identification; an annotation tool custom-tailored for multi-view instance detection; and a novel, holistic multi-view instance detection and re-identification method that jointly models geometry and appearance across views. 
### 45.Performance Evaluation of Two-layer lossless HDR Coding using Histogram Packing Technique under Various Tone-mapping Operators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10889.pdf)
>  We proposed a lossless two-layer HDR coding method using a histogram packing technique. The proposed method was demonstrated to outperform the normative JPEG XT encoder, under the use of the default tone-mapping operator. However, the performance under various tone-mapping operators has not been discussed. In this paper, we aim to compare the performance of the proposed method with that of the JPEG XT encoder under the use of various tone-mapping operators to clearly show the characteristic difference between them. 
### 46.Safe Feature Elimination for Non-Negativity Constrained Convex Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10831.pdf)
>  Inspired by recent work on safe feature elimination for $1$-norm regularized least-squares, we develop strategies to eliminate features from convex optimization problems with non-negativity constraints. Our strategy is safe in the sense that it will only remove features/coordinates from the problem when they are guaranteed to be zero at a solution. To perform feature elimination we use an accurate, but not optimal, primal-dual feasible pair, making our methods robust and able to be used on ill-conditioned problems. We supplement our feature elimination problem with a method to construct an accurate dual feasible point from an accurate primal feasible point; this allows us to use a first-order method to find an accurate primal feasible point, then use that point to construct an accurate dual feasible point and perform feature elimination. Under reasonable conditions, our feature elimination strategy will eventually eliminate all zero features from the problem. As an application of our methods we show how safe feature elimination can be used to robustly certify the uniqueness of non-negative least-squares (NNLS) problems. We give numerical examples on a well-conditioned synthetic NNLS problem and a on set of 40000 extremely ill-conditioned NNLS problems arising in a microscopy application. 
### 47.Enhancing Adversarial Example Transferability with an Intermediate Level Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10823.pdf)
>  Neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples, malicious inputs crafted to fool trained models. Adversarial examples often exhibit black-box transfer, meaning that adversarial examples for one model can fool another model. However, adversarial examples are typically overfit to exploit the particular architecture and feature representation of a source model, resulting in sub-optimal black-box transfer attacks to other target models. We introduce the Intermediate Level Attack (ILA), which attempts to fine-tune an existing adversarial example for greater black-box transferability by increasing its perturbation on a pre-specified layer of the source model, improving upon state-of-the-art methods. We show that we can select a layer of the source model to perturb without any knowledge of the target models while achieving high transferability. Additionally, we provide some explanatory insights regarding our method and the effect of optimizing for adversarial examples in intermediate feature maps. 
### 48.Synthetic Augmentation and Feature-based Filtering for Improved Cervical Histopathology Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10655.pdf)
>  Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) grade of histopathology images is a crucial indicator in cervical biopsy results. Accurate CIN grading of epithelium regions helps pathologists with precancerous lesion diagnosis and treatment planning. Although an automated CIN grading system has been desired, supervised training of such a system would require a large amount of expert annotations, which are expensive and time-consuming to collect. In this paper, we investigate the CIN grade classification problem on segmented epithelium patches. We propose to use conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs) to expand the limited training dataset, by synthesizing realistic cervical histopathology images. While the synthetic images are visually appealing, they are not guaranteed to contain meaningful features for data augmentation. To tackle this issue, we propose a synthetic-image filtering mechanism based on the divergence in feature space between generated images and class centroids in order to control the feature quality of selected synthetic images for data augmentation. Our models are evaluated on a cervical histopathology image dataset with a limited number of patch-level CIN grade annotations. Extensive experimental results show a significant improvement of classification accuracy from 66.3% to 71.7% using the same ResNet18 baseline classifier after leveraging our cGAN generated images with feature-based filtering, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our models. 
### 49.Curriculum based Dropout Discriminator for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.10628.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation is essential to enable wide usage of deep learning based networks trained using large labeled datasets. Adversarial learning based techniques have shown their utility towards solving this problem using a discriminator that ensures source and target distributions are close. However, here we suggest that rather than using a point estimate, it would be useful if a distribution based discriminator could be used to bridge this gap. This could be achieved using multiple classifiers or using traditional ensemble methods. In contrast, we suggest that a Monte Carlo dropout based ensemble discriminator could suffice to obtain the distribution based discriminator. Specifically, we propose a curriculum based dropout discriminator that gradually increases the variance of the sample based distribution and the corresponding reverse gradients are used to align the source and target feature representations. The detailed results and thorough ablation analysis show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art results. 
