# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 1 Jul 2019
### 1.PointFlow: 3D Point Cloud Generation with Continuous Normalizing Flows  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12320.pdf)
>  As 3D point clouds become the representation of choice for multiple vision and graphics applications, the ability to synthesize or reconstruct high-resolution, high-fidelity point clouds becomes crucial. Despite the recent success of deep learning models in discriminative tasks of point clouds, generating point clouds remains challenging. This paper proposes a principled probabilistic framework to generate 3D point clouds by modeling them as a distribution of distributions. Specifically, we learn a two-level hierarchy of distributions where the first level is the distribution of shapes and the second level is the distribution of points given a shape. This formulation allows us to both sample shapes and sample an arbitrary number of points from a shape. Our generative model, named PointFlow, learns each level of the distribution with a continuous normalizing flow. The invertibility of normalizing flows enables the computation of the likelihood during training and allows us to train our model in the variational inference framework. Empirically, we demonstrate that PointFlow achieves state-of-the-art performance in point cloud generation. We additionally show that our model can faithfully reconstruct point clouds and learn useful representations in an unsupervised manner. Codes will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/stevenygd/PointFlow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 2.On the notion of number in humans and machines  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12213.pdf)
>  In this paper, we performed two types of software experiments to study the numerosity classification (subitizing) in humans and machines. Experiments focus on a particular kind of task is referred to as Semantic MNIST or simply SMNIST where the numerosity of objects placed in an image must be determined. The experiments called SMNIST for Humans are intended to measure the capacity of the Object File System in humans. In this type of experiment the measurement result is in well agreement with the value known from the cognitive psychology literature. The experiments called SMNIST for Machines serve similar purposes but they investigate existing, well known (but originally developed for other purpose) and under development deep learning computer programs. These measurement results can be interpreted similar to the results from SMNIST for Humans. The main thesis of this paper can be formulated as follows: in machines the image classification artificial neural networks can learn to distinguish numerosities with better accuracy when these numerosities are smaller than the capacity of OFS in humans. Finally, we outline a conceptual framework to investigate the notion of number in humans and machines. 
### 3.Adversarial Pixel-Level Generation of Semantic Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12195.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have obtained extraordinary success in the generation of realistic images, a domain where a lower pixel-level accuracy is acceptable. We study the problem, not yet tackled in the literature, of generating semantic images starting from a prior distribution. Intuitively this problem can be approached using standard methods and architectures. However, a better-suited approach is needed to avoid generating blurry, hallucinated and thus unusable images since tasks like semantic segmentation require pixel-level exactness. In this work, we present a novel architecture for learning to generate pixel-level accurate semantic images, namely Semantic Generative Adversarial Networks (SemGANs). The experimental evaluation shows that our architecture outperforms standard ones from both a quantitative and a qualitative point of view in many semantic image generation tasks. 
### 4.A Deep Decoder Structure Based on WordEmbedding Regression for An Encoder-Decoder Based Model for Image Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12188.pdf)
>  Generating textual descriptions for images has been an attractive problem for the computer vision and natural language processing researchers in recent years. Dozens of models based on deep learning have been proposed to solve this problem. The existing approaches are based on neural encoder-decoder structures equipped with the attention mechanism. These methods strive to train decoders to minimize the log likelihood of the next word in a sentence given the previous ones, which results in the sparsity of the output space. In this work, we propose a new approach to train decoders to regress the word embedding of the next word with respect to the previous ones instead of minimizing the log likelihood. The proposed method is able to learn and extract long-term information and can generate longer fine-grained captions without introducing any external memory cell. Furthermore, decoders trained by the proposed technique can take the importance of the generated words into consideration while generating captions. In addition, a novel semantic attention mechanism is proposed that guides attention points through the image, taking the meaning of the previously generated word into account. We evaluate the proposed approach with the MS-COCO dataset. The proposed model outperformed the state of the art models especially in generating longer captions. It achieved a CIDEr score equal to 125.0 and a BLEU-4 score equal to 50.5, while the best scores of the state of the art models are 117.1 and 48.0, respectively. 
### 5.Deep Radar Detector  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12187.pdf)
>  While camera and LiDAR processing have been revolutionized since the introduction of deep learning, radar processing still relies on classical tools. In this paper, we introduce a deep learning approach for radar processing, working directly with the radar complex data. To overcome the lack of radar labeled data, we rely in training only on the radar calibration data and introduce new radar augmentation techniques. We evaluate our method on the radar 4D detection task and demonstrate superior performance compared to the classical approaches while keeping real-time performance. Applying deep learning on radar data has several advantages such as eliminating the need for an expensive radar calibration process each time and enabling classification of the detected objects with almost zero-overhead. 
### 6.Reconstructing Perceived Images from Brain Activity by Visually-guided Cognitive Representation and Adversarial Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12181.pdf)
>  Reconstructing perceived images based on brain signals measured with functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) is a significant and meaningful task in brain-driven computer vision. However, the inconsistent distribution and representation between fMRI signals and visual images cause the heterogeneity gap, which makes it challenging to learn a reliable mapping between them. Moreover, considering that fMRI signals are extremely high-dimensional and contain a lot of visually-irrelevant information, effectively reducing the noise and encoding powerful visual representations for image reconstruction is also an open problem. We show that it is possible to overcome these challenges by learning a visually-relevant latent representation from fMRI signals guided by the corresponding visual features, and recovering the perceived images via adversarial learning. The resulting framework is called Dual-Variational Autoencoder/ Generative Adversarial Network (D-VAE/GAN). By using a novel 3-stage training strategy, it encodes both cognitive and visual features via a dual structure variational autoencoder (D-VAE) to adapt cognitive features to visual feature space, and then learns to reconstruct perceived images with generative adversarial network (GAN). Extensive experiments on three fMRI recording datasets show that D-VAE/GAN achieves more accurate visual reconstruction compared with the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 7.A multi-task U-net for segmentation with lazy labels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12177.pdf)
>  The need for labour intensive pixel-wise annotation is a major limitation of many fully supervised learning methods for image segmentation. In this paper, we propose a deep convolutional neural network for multi-class segmentation that circumvents this problem by being trainable on coarse data labels combined with only a very small number of images with pixel-wise annotations. We call this new labelling strategy 'lazy' labels. Image segmentation is then stratified into three connected tasks: rough detection of class instances, separation of wrongly connected objects without a clear boundary, and pixel-wise segmentation to find the accurate boundaries of each object. These problems are integrated into a multitask learning framework and the model is trained end-to-end in a semi-supervised fashion. The method is applied on a dataset of food microscopy images. We show that the model gives accurate segmentation results even if exact boundary labels are missing for a majority of the annotated data. This allows more flexibility and efficiency for training deep neural networks that are data hungry in a practical setting where manual annotation is expensive, by collecting more lazy (rough) annotations than precisely segmented images. 
### 8.Filter Early, Match Late: Improving Network-Based Visual Place Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12176.pdf)
>  CNNs have excelled at performing place recognition over time, particularly when the neural network is optimized for localization in the current environmental conditions. In this paper we investigate the concept of feature map filtering, where, rather than using all the activations within a convolutional tensor, only the most useful activations are used. Since specific feature maps encode different visual features, the objective is to remove feature maps that are detract from the ability to recognize a location across appearance changes. Our key innovation is to filter the feature maps in an early convolutional layer, but then continue to run the network and extract a feature vector using a later layer in the same network. By filtering early visual features and extracting a feature vector from a higher, more viewpoint invariant later layer, we demonstrate improved condition and viewpoint invariance. Our approach requires image pairs for training from the deployment environment, but we show that state-of-the-art performance can regularly be achieved with as little as a single training image pair. An exhaustive experimental analysis is performed to determine the full scope of causality between early layer filtering and late layer extraction. For validity, we use three datasets: Oxford RobotCar, Nordland, and Gardens Point, achieving overall superior performance to NetVLAD. The work provides a number of new avenues for exploring CNN optimizations, without full re-training. 
### 9.Are you really looking at me? A Framework for Extracting Interpersonal Eye Gaze from Conventional Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12175.pdf)
>  Despite a revolution in the pervasiveness of video cameras in our daily lives, one of the most meaningful forms of nonverbal affective communication, interpersonal eye gaze, i.e. eye gaze relative to a conversation partner, is not available from common video. We introduce the Interpersonal-Calibrating Eye-gaze Encoder (ICE), which automatically extracts interpersonal gaze from video recordings without specialized hardware and without prior knowledge of participant locations. Leveraging the intuition that individuals spend a large portion of a conversation looking at each other enables the ICE dynamic clustering algorithm to extract interpersonal gaze. We validate ICE in both video chat using an objective metric with an infrared gaze tracker (F1=0.846, N=8), as well as in face-to-face communication with expert-rated evaluations of eye contact (r= 0.37, N=170). We then use ICE to analyze behavior in two different, yet important affective communication domains: interrogation-based deception detection, and communication skill assessment in speed dating. We find that honest witnesses break interpersonal gaze contact and look down more often than deceptive witnesses when answering questions (p=0.004, d=0.79). In predicting expert communication skill ratings in speed dating videos, we demonstrate that interpersonal gaze alone has more predictive power than facial expressions. 
### 10.Road-network-based Rapid Geolocalization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12174.pdf)
>  It has always been a research hotspot to use geographic information to assist the navigation of unmanned aerial vehicles. In this paper, a road-network-based localization method is proposed. We match roads in the measurement images to the reference road vector map, and realize successful localization on areas as large as a whole city. The road network matching problem is treated as a point cloud registration problem under two-dimensional projective transformation, and solved under a hypothesise-and-test framework. To deal with the projective point cloud registration problem, a global projective invariant feature is proposed, which consists of two road intersections augmented with the information of their tangents. We call it two road intersections tuple. We deduce the closed-form solution for determining the alignment transformation from a pair of matching two road intersections tuples. In addition, we propose the necessary conditions for the tuples to match. This can reduce the candidate matching tuples, thus accelerating the search to a great extent. We test all the candidate matching tuples under a hypothesise-and-test framework to search for the best match. The experiments show that our method can localize the target area over an area of 400 within 1 second on a single cpu. 
### 11.New pointwise convolution in Deep Neural Networks through Extremely Fast and Non Parametric Transforms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12172.pdf)
>  Some conventional transforms such as Discrete Walsh-Hadamard Transform (DWHT) and Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) have been widely used as feature extractors in image processing but rarely applied in neural networks. However, we found that these conventional transforms have the ability to capture the cross-channel correlations without any learnable parameters in DNNs. This paper firstly proposes to apply conventional transforms to pointwise convolution, showing that such transforms significantly reduce the computational complexity of neural networks without accuracy performance degradation. Especially for DWHT, it requires no floating point multiplications but only additions and subtractions, which can considerably reduce computation overheads. In addition, its fast algorithm further reduces complexity of floating point addition from $\mathcal{O}(n^2)$ to $\mathcal{O}(n\log n)$. These nice properties construct extremely efficient networks in the number parameters and operations, enjoying accuracy gain. Our proposed DWHT-based model gained 1.49\% accuracy increase with 79.1\% reduced parameters and 48.4\% reduced FLOPs compared with its baseline model (MoblieNet-V1) on the CIFAR 100 dataset. 
### 12.Gesture Recognition in RGB Videos UsingHuman Body Keypoints and Dynamic Time Warping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12171.pdf)
>  Gesture recognition opens up new ways for humans to intuitively interact with machines. Especially for service robots, gestures can be a valuable addition to the means of communication to, for example, draw the robot's attention to someone or something. Extracting a gesture from video data and classifying it is a challenging task and a variety of approaches have been proposed throughout the years. This paper presents a method for gesture recognition in RGB videos using OpenPose to extract the pose of a person and Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) in conjunction with One-Nearest-Neighbor (1NN) for time-series classification. The main features of this approach are the independence of any specific hardware and high flexibility, because new gestures can be added to the classifier by adding only a few examples of it. We utilize the robustness of the Deep Learning-based OpenPose framework while avoiding the data-intensive task of training a neural network ourselves. We demonstrate the classification performance of our method using a public dataset. 
### 13.LipReading with 3D-2D-CNN BLSTM-HMM and word-CTC models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12170.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning based machine lipreading has gained prominence. To this end, several architectures such as LipNet, LCANet and others have been proposed which perform extremely well compared to traditional lipreading DNN-HMM hybrid systems trained on DCT features. In this work, we propose a simpler architecture of 3D-2D-CNN-BLSTM network with a bottleneck layer. We also present analysis of two different approaches for lipreading on this architecture. In the first approach, 3D-2D-CNN-BLSTM network is trained with CTC loss on characters (ch-CTC). Then BLSTM-HMM model is trained on bottleneck lip features (extracted from 3D-2D-CNN-BLSTM ch-CTC network) in a traditional ASR training pipeline. In the second approach, same 3D-2D-CNN-BLSTM network is trained with CTC loss on word labels (w-CTC). The first approach shows that bottleneck features perform better compared to DCT features. Using the second approach on Grid corpus' seen speaker test set, we report $1.3\%$ WER - a $55\%$ improvement relative to LCANet. On unseen speaker test set we report $8.6\%$ WER which is $24.5\%$ improvement relative to LipNet. We also verify the method on a second dataset of $81$ speakers which we collected. Finally, we also discuss the effect of feature duplication on BLSTM-HMM model performance. 
### 14.Gray Level Image Threshold Using Neutrosophic Shannon Entropy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12167.pdf)
>  This article presents a new method of segmenting grayscale images by minimizing Shannon's neutrosophic entropy. For the proposed segmentation method, the neutrosophic information components, i.e., the degree of truth, the degree of neutrality and the degree of falsity are defined taking into account the belonging to the segmented regions and at the same time to the separation threshold area. The principle of the method is simple and easy to understand and can lead to multiple thresholds. The efficacy of the method is illustrated using some test gray level images. The experimental results show that the proposed method has good performance for segmentation with optimal gray level thresholds. 
### 15.Localizing Unseen Activities in Video via Image Query  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12165.pdf)
>  Action localization in untrimmed videos is an important topic in the field of video understanding. However, existing action localization methods are restricted to a pre-defined set of actions and cannot localize unseen activities. Thus, we consider a new task to localize unseen activities in videos via image queries, named Image-Based Activity Localization. This task faces three inherent challenges: (1) how to eliminate the influence of semantically inessential contents in image queries; (2) how to deal with the fuzzy localization of inaccurate image queries; (3) how to determine the precise boundaries of target segments. We then propose a novel self-attention interaction localizer to retrieve unseen activities in an end-to-end fashion. Specifically, we first devise a region self-attention method with relative position encoding to learn fine-grained image region representations. Then, we employ a local transformer encoder to build multi-step fusion and reasoning of image and video contents. We next adopt an order-sensitive localizer to directly retrieve the target segment. Furthermore, we construct a new dataset ActivityIBAL by reorganizing the ActivityNet dataset. The extensive experiments show the effectiveness of our method. 
### 16.Teaching DNNs to design fast fashion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12159.pdf)
>  $ $"Fast Fashion" spearheads the biggest disruption in fashion that enabled to engineer resilient supply chains to quickly respond to changing fashion trends. The conventional design process in commercial manufacturing is often fed through "trends" or prevailing modes of dressing around the world that indicate sudden interest in a new form of expression, cyclic patterns, and popular modes of expression for a given time frame. In this work, we propose a fully automated system to explore, detect, and finally synthesize trends in fashion into design elements by designing representative prototypes of apparel given time series signals generated from social media feeds. Our system is envisioned to be the first step in design of Fast Fashion where the production cycle for clothes from design inception to manufacturing is meant to be rapid and responsive to current "trends". It also works to reduce wastage in fashion production by taking in customer feedback on sellability at the time of design generation. We also provide an interface wherein the designers can play with multiple trending styles in fashion and visualize designs as interpolations of elements of these styles. We aim to aid the creative process through generating interesting and inspiring combinations for a designer to mull by running them through her key customers. 
### 17.Open-Ended Long-Form Video Question Answering via Hierarchical Convolutional Self-Attention Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12158.pdf)
>  Open-ended video question answering aims to automatically generate the natural-language answer from referenced video contents according to the given question. Currently, most existing approaches focus on short-form video question answering with multi-modal recurrent encoder-decoder networks. Although these works have achieved promising performance, they may still be ineffectively applied to long-form video question answering due to the lack of long-range dependency modeling and the suffering from the heavy computational cost. To tackle these problems, we propose a fast Hierarchical Convolutional Self-Attention encoder-decoder network(HCSA). Concretely, we first develop a hierarchical convolutional self-attention encoder to efficiently model long-form video contents, which builds the hierarchical structure for video sequences and captures question-aware long-range dependencies from video context. We then devise a multi-scale attentive decoder to incorporate multi-layer video representations for answer generation, which avoids the information missing of the top encoder layer. The extensive experiments show the effectiveness and efficiency of our method. 
### 18.Place recognition in gardens by learning visual representations: data set and benchmark analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12151.pdf)
>  Visual place recognition is an important component of systems for camera localization and loop closure detection. It concerns the recognition of a previously visited place based on visual cues only. Although it is a widely studied problem for indoor and urban environments, the recent use of robots for automation of agricultural and gardening tasks has created new problems, due to the challenging appearance of garden-like environments. Garden scenes predominantly contain green colors, as well as repetitive patterns and textures. The lack of available data recorded in gardens and natural environments makes the improvement of visual localization algorithms difficult. In this paper we propose an extended version of the TB-Places data set, which is designed for testing algorithms for visual place recognition. It contains images with ground truth camera pose recorded in real gardens in different seasons, with varying light conditions. We constructed and released a ground truth for all possible pairs of images, indicating whether they depict the same place or not. We present the results of a benchmark analysis of methods based on convolutional neural networks for holistic image description and place recognition. We train existing networks (i.e. ResNet, DenseNet and VGG NetVLAD) as backbone of a two-way architecture with a contrastive loss function. The results that we obtained demonstrate that learning garden-tailored representations contribute to an improvement of performance, although the generalization capabilities are limited. 
### 19.Fully automatic computer-aided mass detection and segmentation via pseudo-color mammograms and Mask R-CNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12118.pdf)
>  Purpose: To propose pseudo-color mammograms that enhance mammographic masses as part of a fast computer-aided detection (CAD) system that simultaneously detects and segments masses without any user intervention. Methods: The proposed pseudo-color mammograms, whose three channels contain the original grayscale mammogram and two morphologically enhanced images, are used to provide pseudo-color contrast to the lesions. The morphological enhancement 'sifts' out the mass-like mammographic patterns to improve detection and segmentation. We construct a fast, fully automated simultaneous mass detection and segmentation CAD system using the colored mammograms as inputs of transfer learning with the Mask R-CNN which is a state-of-the-art deep learning framework. The source code for this work has been made available online. Results: Evaluated on the publicly available mammographic dataset INbreast, the method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by achieving an average true positive rate of 0.90 at 0.9 false positive per image and an average Dice similarity index for mass segmentation of 0.88, while taking 20.4 seconds to process each image on average. Conclusions: The proposed method provides an accurate, fully-automatic breast mass detection and segmentation result in less than half a minute without any user intervention while outperforming state-of-the-art methods. 
### 20.A linear method for camera pair self-calibration and multi-view reconstruction with geometrically verified correspondences  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12075.pdf)
>  We examine 3D reconstruction of architectural scenes in unordered sets of uncalibrated images. We introduce a linear method to self-calibrate and find the metric reconstruction of a camera pair. We assume unknown and different focal lengths but otherwise known internal camera parameters and a known projective reconstruction of the camera pair. We recover two possible camera configurations in space and use the Cheirality condition, that all 3D scene points are in front of both cameras, to disambiguate the solution. We show in two Theorems, first that the two solutions are in mirror positions and then the relations between their viewing directions. Our new method performs on par (median rotation error $\Delta R = 3.49^{\circ}$) with the standard approach of Kruppa equations ($\Delta R = 3.77^{\circ}$) for self-calibration and 5-Point algorithm for calibrated metric reconstruction of a camera pair. We reject erroneous image correspondences by introducing a method to examine whether point correspondences appear in the same order along $x, y$ image axes in image pairs. We evaluate this method by its precision and recall and show that it improves the robustness of point matches in architectural and general scenes. Finally, we integrate all the introduced methods to a 3D reconstruction pipeline. We utilize the numerous camera pair metric recontructions using rotation-averaging algorithms and a novel method to average focal length estimates. 
### 21.Background Subtraction using Adaptive Singular Value Decomposition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12064.pdf)
>  An important task when processing sensor data is to distinguish relevant from irrelevant data. This paper describes a method for an iterative singular value decomposition that maintains a model of the background via singular vectors spanning a subspace of the image space, thus providing a way to determine the amount of new information contained in an incoming frame. We update the singular vectors spanning the background space in a computationally efficient manner and provide the ability to perform block-wise updates, leading to a fast and robust adaptive SVD computation. The effects of those two properties and the success of the overall method to perform a state of the art background subtraction are shown in both qualitative and quantitative evaluations. 
### 22.ProtoNet: Learning from Web Data with Memory  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12028.pdf)
>  Learning from web data has attracted lots of research interest in recent years. However, crawled web images usually have two types of noises, label noise and background noise, which induce extra difficulties in utilizing them effectively. Most existing methods either rely on human supervision or ignore the background noise. In this paper, we propose the novel ProtoNet, which is capable of handling these two types of noises together, without the supervision of clean images in the training stage. Particularly, we use a memory module to identify the representative and discriminative prototypes for each category. Then, we remove noisy images and noisy region proposals from the web dataset with the aid of the memory module. Our approach is efficient and can be easily integrated into arbitrary CNN model. Extensive experiments on four benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. 
### 23.BTEL: A Binary Tree Encoding Approach for Visual Localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11992.pdf)
>  Visual localization algorithms have achieved significant improvements in performance thanks to recent advances in camera technology and vision-based techniques. However, there remains one critical caveat: all current approaches that are based on image retrieval currently scale at best linearly with the size of the environment with respect to both storage, and consequentially in most approaches, query time. This limitation severely curtails the capability of autonomous systems in a wide range of compute, power, storage, size, weight or cost constrained applications such as drones. In this work, we present a novel binary tree encoding approach for visual localization which can serve as an alternative for existing quantization and indexing techniques. The proposed tree structure allows us to derive a compressed training scheme that achieves sub-linearity in both required storage and inference time. The encoding memory can be easily configured to satisfy different storage constraints. Moreover, our approach is amenable to an optional sequence filtering mechanism to further improve the localization results, while maintaining the same amount of storage. Our system is entirely agnostic to the front-end descriptors, allowing it to be used on top of recent state-of-the-art image representations. Experimental results show that the proposed method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art approaches under limited storage constraints. 
### 24.Convolution Based Spectral Partitioning Architecture for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11981.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images (HSIs) can distinguish materials with high number of spectral bands, which is widely adopted in remote sensing applications and benefits in high accuracy land cover classifications. However, HSIs processing are tangled with the problem of high dimensionality and limited amount of labelled data. To address these challenges, this paper proposes a deep learning architecture using three dimensional convolutional neural networks with spectral partitioning to perform effective feature extraction. We conduct experiments using Indian Pines and Salinas scenes acquired by NASA Airborne Visible/Infra-Red Imaging Spectrometer. In comparison to prior results, our architecture shows competitive performance for classification results over current methods. 
### 25.A Utility-Preserving GAN for Face Obscuration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11979.pdf)
>  From TV news to Google StreetView, face obscuration has been used for privacy protection. Due to recent advances in the field of deep learning, obscuration methods such as Gaussian blurring and pixelation are not guaranteed to conceal identity. In this paper, we propose a utility-preserving generative model, UP-GAN, that is able to provide an effective face obscuration, while preserving facial utility. By utility-preserving we mean preserving facial features that do not reveal identity, such as age, gender, skin tone, pose, and expression. We show that the proposed method achieves the best performance in terms of obscuration and utility preservation. 
### 26.Datasets for Face and Object Detection in Fisheye Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11942.pdf)
>  We present two new fisheye image datasets for training face and object detection models: VOC-360 and Wider-360. The fisheye images are created by post-processing regular images collected from two well-known datasets, VOC2012 and Wider Face, using a model for mapping regular to fisheye images implemented in Matlab. VOC-360 contains 39,575 fisheye images for object detection, segmentation, and classification. Wider-360 contains 63,897 fisheye images for face detection. These datasets will be useful for developing face and object detectors as well as segmentation modules for fisheye images while the efforts to collect and manually annotate true fisheye images are underway. 
### 27.Homography from two orientation- and scale-covariant features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11927.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a geometric interpretation of the angles and scales which the orientation- and scale-covariant feature detectors, e.g. SIFT, provide. Two new general constraints are derived on the scales and rotations which can be used in any geometric model estimation tasks. Using these formulas, two new constraints on homography estimation are introduced. Exploiting the derived equations, a solver for estimating the homography from the minimal number of two correspondences is proposed. Also, it is shown how the normalization of the point correspondences affects the rotation and scale parameters, thus achieving numerically stable results. Due to requiring merely two feature pairs, robust estimators, e.g. RANSAC, do significantly fewer iterations than by using the four-point algorithm. When using covariant features, e.g. SIFT, the information about the scale and orientation is given at no cost. The proposed homography estimation method is tested in a synthetic environment and on publicly available real-world datasets. 
### 28.Learning from Discovering: An unsupervised approach to Geographical Knowledge Discovery using street level and street network images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11907.pdf)
>  Recent researches have shown the increasing use of machine learning methods in geography and urban analytics, primarily to extract features and patterns from spatial and temporal data. Research, integrating geographical processes in machine learning models and, leveraging on geographical information to better interpret these methods had been sparse. This research contributes to the ladder, where we show how latent variables learned from unsupervised learning methods can be used for geographic knowledge discovery. In particular, we propose a simple and novel approach called Convolutional-PCA (ConvPCA) which are applied on both street level and street network images in finding a set of uncorrelated visual latent responses. The approach allows for meaningful explanations using a combination of, geographical and generative visualizations to explore the latent space, and to show how the learned embeddings can be used to predict urban characteristics such as street-level enclosures and street network density. 
### 29.Data Extraction from Charts via Single Deep Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11906.pdf)
>  Automatic data extraction from charts is challenging for two reasons: there exist many relations among objects in a chart, which is not a common consideration in general computer vision problems; and different types of charts may not be processed by the same model. To address these problems, we propose a framework of a single deep neural network, which consists of object detection, text recognition and object matching modules. The framework handles both bar and pie charts, and it may also be extended to other types of charts by slight revisions and by augmenting the training data. Our model performs successfully on 79.4% of test simulated bar charts and 88.0% of test simulated pie charts, while for charts outside of the training domain it degrades for 57.5% and 62.3%, respectively. 
### 30.A synthetic dataset for deep learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11905.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel method for generating a synthetic dataset obeying Gaussian distribution. Compared to the commonly used benchmark datasets with unknown distribution, the synthetic dataset has an explicit distribution, i.e., Gaussian distribution. Meanwhile, it has the same characteristics as the benchmark dataset MNIST. As a result, we can easily apply Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) on the synthetic dataset. This synthetic dataset provides a novel experimental tool to verify the proposed theories of deep learning. 
### 31.Effective degrees of freedom for surface finish defect detection and classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11904.pdf)
>  One of the primary concerns of product quality control in the automotive industry is an automated detection of defects of small sizes on specular car body surfaces. A new statistical learning approach is presented for surface finish defect detection based on spline smoothing method for feature extraction and $k$-nearest neighbour probabilistic classifier. Since the surfaces are specular, structured lightning reflection technique is applied for image acquisition. Reduced rank cubic regression splines are used to smooth the pixel values while the effective degrees of freedom of the obtained smooths serve as components of the feature vector. A key advantage of the approach is that it allows reaching near zero misclassification error rate when applying standard learning classifiers. We also propose probability based performance evaluation metrics as alternatives to the conventional metrics. The usage of those provides the means for uncertainty estimation of the predictive performance of a classifier. Experimental classification results on the images obtained from the pilot system located at Volvo GTO Cab plant in Ume{\aa}, Sweden, show that the proposed approach is much more efficient than the compared methods. 
### 32.Video Action Classification Using PredNet  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11902.pdf)
>  In this paper, we evaluate the PredNet \cite{lotter16} on the Something-something action data set \cite{farzaneh18} and implement the PredNet+, which we train in a multi-task fashion to output both classification labels and predictions. Our idea is to condition video prediction and action classification on each other. We discuss a series of observations about the PredNet and conclude that it does not completely follow the principles of the predictive coding framework. 
### 33.Comparing Machine Learning Approaches for Table Recognition in Historical Register Books  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11901.pdf)
>  We present in this paper experiments on Table Recognition in hand-written registry books. We first explain how the problem of row and column detection is modeled, and then compare two Machine Learning approaches (Conditional Random Field and Graph Convolutional Network) for detecting these table elements. Evaluation was conducted on death records provided by the Archive of the Diocese of Passau. Both methods show similar results, a 89 F1 score, a quality which allows for Information Extraction. Software and dataset are open source/data. 
### 34.A database for face presentation attack using wax figure faces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11900.pdf)
>  Compared to 2D face presentation attacks (e.g. printed photos and video replays), 3D type attacks are more challenging to face recognition systems (FRS) by presenting 3D characteristics or materials similar to real faces. Existing 3D face spoofing databases, however, mostly based on 3D masks, are restricted to small data size or poor authenticity due to the production difficulty and high cost. In this work, we introduce the first wax figure face database, WFFD, as one type of super-realistic 3D presentation attacks to spoof the FRS. This database consists of 2200 images with both real and wax figure faces (totally 4400 faces) with a high diversity from online collections. Experiments on this database first investigate the vulnerability of three popular FRS to this kind of new attack. Further, we evaluate the performance of several face presentation attack detection methods to show the attack abilities of this super-realistic face spoofing database. 
### 35.Lidar based Detection and Classification of Pedestrians and Vehicles Using Machine Learning Methods  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11899.pdf)
>  The goal of this paper is to classify objects mapped by LiDAR sensor into different classes such as vehicles, pedestrians and bikers. Utilizing a LiDAR-based object detector and Neural Networks-based classifier, a novel real-time object detection is presented essentially with respect to aid self-driving vehicles in recognizing and classifying other objects encountered in the course of driving and proceed accordingly. We discuss our work using machine learning methods to tackle a common high-level problem found in machine learning applications for self-driving cars: the classification of pointcloud data obtained from a 3D LiDAR sensor. 
### 36.InsectUp: Crowdsourcing Insect Observations to Assess Demographic Shifts and Improve Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11898.pdf)
>  Insects play such a crucial role in ecosystems that a shift in demography of just a few species can have devastating consequences at environmental, social and economic levels. Despite this, evaluation of insect demography is strongly limited by the difficulty of collecting census data at sufficient scale. We propose a method to gather and leverage observations from bystanders, hikers, and entomology enthusiasts in order to provide researchers with data that could significantly help anticipate and identify environmental threats. Finally, we show that there is indeed interest on both sides for such collaboration. 
### 37.On Physical Adversarial Patches for Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11897.pdf)
>  In this paper, we demonstrate a physical adversarial patch attack against object detectors, notably the YOLOv3 detector. Unlike previous work on physical object detection attacks, which required the patch to overlap with the objects being misclassified or avoiding detection, we show that a properly designed patch can suppress virtually all the detected objects in the image. That is, we can place the patch anywhere in the image, causing all existing objects in the image to be missed entirely by the detector, even those far away from the patch itself. This in turn opens up new lines of physical attacks against object detection systems, which require no modification of the objects in a scene. A demo of the system can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/WXnQjbZ1e7Y" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 38.Classifying logistic vehicles in cities using Deep learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11895.pdf)
>  Rapid growth in delivery and freight transportation is increasing in urban areas; as a result the use of delivery trucks and light commercial vehicles is evolving. Major cities can use traffic counting as a tool to monitor the presence of delivery vehicles in order to implement intelligent city planning measures. Classical methods for counting vehicles use mechanical, electromagnetic or pneumatic sensors, but these devices are costly, difficult to implement and only detect the presence of vehicles without giving information about their category, model or trajectory. This paper proposes a Deep Learning tool for classifying vehicles in a given image while considering different categories of logistic vehicles, namely: light-duty, medium-duty and heavy-duty vehicles. The proposed approach yields two main contributions: first we developed an architecture to create an annotated and balanced database of logistic vehicles, reducing manual annotation efforts. Second, we built a classifier that accurately classifies the logistic vehicles passing through a given road. The results of this work are: first, a database of 72 000 images for 4 vehicles classes; and second two retrained convolutional neural networks (InceptionV3 and MobileNetV2) capable of classifying vehicles with accuracies over 90%. 
### 39.Labeling, Cutting, Grouping: an Efficient Text Line Segmentation Method for Medieval Manuscripts  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11894.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a new way for text-line extraction by integrating deep-learning based pre-classification and state-of-the-art segmentation methods. Text-line extraction in complex handwritten documents poses a significant challenge, even to the most modern computer vision algorithms. Historical manuscripts are a particularly hard class of documents as they present several forms of noise, such as degradation, bleed-through, interlinear glosses, and elaborated scripts. In this work, we propose a novel method which uses semantic segmentation at pixel level as intermediate task, followed by a text-line extraction step. We measured the performance of our method on a recent dataset of challenging medieval manuscripts and surpassed state-of-the-art results by reducing the error by 80.7%. Furthermore, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on various other datasets written in different scripts. Hence, our contribution is two-fold. First, we demonstrate that semantic pixel segmentation can be used as strong denoising pre-processing step before performing text line extraction. Second, we introduce a novel, simple and robust algorithm that leverages the high-quality semantic segmentation to achieve a text-line extraction performance of 99.42% line IU on a challenging dataset. 
### 40.HalalNet: A Deep Neural Network that Classifies the Halalness Slaughtered Chicken from their Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11893.pdf)
>  Halal requirement in food is important for millions of Muslims worldwide especially for meat and chicken products, insuring that slaughter houses adhere to this requirement is a challenging task to do manually. In this paper a method is proposed that uses a camera that takes images of slaughtered chicken on the conveyor in a slaughter house, the images are then analyzed by a deep neural network to classify if the image is of a halal slaughtered chicken or not. However, traditional deep learning models require large amounts of data to train on, which in this case these amounts of data were challenging to collect especially the images of non-halal slaughtered chicken, hence this paper shows how the use of one shot learning [1] and transfer learning [2] can reach high accuracy on the few amounts of data that were available. The architecture used is based on the Siamese neural networks architecture which ranks the similarity between two inputs [3] while using the Xception network [4] as the twin networks. We call it HalalNet. This work was done as part of SYCUT (syriah compliant slaughtering system) which is a monitoring system that monitors the halalness of the slaughtered chicken in a slaughter house. The data used to train and validate HalalNet was collected from the Azain slaughtering site (Semenyih, Selangor, Malaysia) containing images of both halal and non-halal slaughtered chicken. 
### 41.Fine-grained zero-shot recognition with metric rescaling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11892.pdf)
>  We address the problem of learning fine-grained cross-modal representations. We propose an instance-based deep metric learning approach in joint visual and textual space. On top of that, we derive a metric rescaling approach that solves a very common problem in the generalized zero-shot learning setting, i.e., classifying test images from unseen classes as one of the classes seen during training. We evaluate our approach on two fine-grained zero-shot learning datasets: CUB and FLOWERS. We find that on the generalized zero-shot classification task the proposed approach consistently outperforms the existing approaches on both datasets. We demonstrate that the proposed approach, notwithstanding its simplicity of implementation and training, is superior to all the recent state-of-the-art methods of which we are aware that use the same evaluation framework. 
### 42.Characterizing Bias in Classifiers using Generative Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11891.pdf)
>  Models that are learned from real-world data are often biased because the data used to train them is biased. This can propagate systemic human biases that exist and ultimately lead to inequitable treatment of people, especially minorities. To characterize bias in learned classifiers, existing approaches rely on human oracles labeling real-world examples to identify the "blind spots" of the classifiers; these are ultimately limited due to the human labor required and the finite nature of existing image examples. We propose a simulation-based approach for interrogating classifiers using generative adversarial models in a systematic manner. We incorporate a progressive conditional generative model for synthesizing photo-realistic facial images and Bayesian Optimization for an efficient interrogation of independent facial image classification systems. We show how this approach can be used to efficiently characterize racial and gender biases in commercial systems. 
### 43.Deep Eyedentification: Biometric Identification using Micro-Movements of the Eye  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11889.pdf)
>  We study involuntary micro-movements of the eye for biometric identification. While prior studies extract lower-frequency macro-movements from the output of video-based eye-tracking systems and engineer explicit features of these macro-movements, we develop a deep convolutional architecture that processes the raw eye-tracking signal. Compared to prior work, the network attains a lower error rate by one order of magnitude and is faster by two orders of magnitude: it identifies users accurately within seconds. 
### 44.Coloring With Limited Data: Few-Shot Colorization via Memory-Augmented Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11888.pdf)
>  Despite recent advancements in deep learning-based automatic colorization, they are still limited when it comes to few-shot learning. Existing models require a significant amount of training data. To tackle this issue, we present a novel memory-augmented colorization model MemoPainter that can produce high-quality colorization with limited data. In particular, our model is able to capture rare instances and successfully colorize them. We also propose a novel threshold triplet loss that enables unsupervised training of memory networks without the need of class labels. Experiments show that our model has superior quality in both few-shot and one-shot colorization tasks. 
### 45.A Preliminary Study on Data Augmentation of Deep Learning for Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11887.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have a large number of freeparameters that need to be calculated by effective trainingof the models on a great deal of training data to improvetheir generalization performance. However, data obtaining andlabeling is expensive in practice. Data augmentation is one of themethods to alleviate this problem. In this paper, we conduct apreliminary study on how three variables (augmentation method,augmentation rate and size of basic dataset per label) can affectthe accuracy of deep learning for image classification. The studyprovides some guidelines: (1) it is better to use transformationsthat alter the geometry of the images rather than those justlighting and color. (2) 2-3 times augmentation rate is good enoughfor training. (3) the smaller amount of data, the more obviouscontributions could have. 
### 46.Traffic Light Recognition Using Deep Learning and Prior Maps for Autonomous Cars  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11886.pdf)
>  Autonomous terrestrial vehicles must be capable of perceiving traffic lights and recognizing their current states to share the streets with human drivers. Most of the time, human drivers can easily identify the relevant traffic lights. To deal with this issue, a common solution for autonomous cars is to integrate recognition with prior maps. However, additional solution is required for the detection and recognition of the traffic light. Deep learning techniques have showed great performance and power of generalization including traffic related problems. Motivated by the advances in deep learning, some recent works leveraged some state-of-the-art deep detectors to locate (and further recognize) traffic lights from 2D camera images. However, none of them combine the power of the deep learning-based detectors with prior maps to recognize the state of the relevant traffic lights. Based on that, this work proposes to integrate the power of deep learning-based detection with the prior maps used by our car platform IARA (acronym for Intelligent Autonomous Robotic Automobile) to recognize the relevant traffic lights of predefined routes. The process is divided in two phases: an offline phase for map construction and traffic lights annotation; and an online phase for traffic light recognition and identification of the relevant ones. The proposed system was evaluated on five test cases (routes) in the city of Vitria, each case being composed of a video sequence and a prior map with the relevant traffic lights for the route. Results showed that the proposed technique is able to correctly identify the relevant traffic light along the trajectory. 
### 47.Robust Classification with Sparse Representation Fusion on Diverse Data Subsets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11885.pdf)
>  Sparse Representation (SR) techniques encode the test samples into a sparse linear combination of all training samples and then classify the test samples into the class with the minimum residual. The classification of SR techniques depends on the representation capability on the test samples. However, most of these models view the representation problem of the test samples as a deterministic problem, ignoring the uncertainty of the representation. The uncertainty is caused by two factors, random noise in the samples and the intrinsic randomness of the sample set, which means that if we capture a group of samples, the obtained set of samples will be different in different conditions. In this paper, we propose a novel method based upon Collaborative Representation that is a special instance of SR and has closed-form solution. It performs Sparse Representation Fusion based on the Diverse Subset of training samples (SRFDS), which reduces the impact of randomness of the sample set and enhances the robustness of classification results. The proposed method is suitable for multiple types of data and has no requirement on the pattern type of the tasks. In addition, SRFDS not only preserves a closed-form solution but also greatly improves the classification performance. Promising results on various datasets serve as the evidence of better performance of SRFDS than other SR-based methods. The Matlab code of SRFDS will be accessible at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.yongxu.org/lunwen.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 48.Identifying Emotions from Walking using Affective and Deep Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11884.pdf)
>  We present a new data-driven model and algorithm to identify the perceived emotions of individuals based on their walking styles. Given an RGB video of an individual walking, we extract his/her walking gait in the form of a series of 3D poses. Our goal is to exploit the gait features to classify the emotional state of the human into one of four emotions: happy, sad, angry, or neutral. Our perceived emotion recognition approach is based on using deep features learned via LSTM on labeled emotion datasets. Furthermore, we combine these features with affective features computed from the gaits using posture and movement cues. These features are classified using a Random Forest Classifier. We show that our mapping between the combined feature space and the perceived emotional state provides 80.07% accuracy in identifying the perceived emotions. In addition to classifying discrete categories of emotions, our algorithm also predicts the values of perceived valence and arousal from gaits. We also present an "EWalk (Emotion Walk)" dataset that consists of videos of walking individuals with gaits and labeled emotions. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first gait-based model to identify perceived emotions from videos of walking individuals. 
### 49.Unsupervised Learning of Object Keypoints for Perception and Control  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11883.pdf)
>  The study of object representations in computer vision has primarily focused on developing representations that are useful for image classification, object detection, or semantic segmentation as downstream tasks. In this work we aim to learn object representations that are useful for control and reinforcement learning (RL). To this end, we introduce Transporter, a neural network architecture for discovering concise geometric object representations in terms of keypoints or image-space coordinates. Our method learns from raw video frames in a fully unsupervised manner, by transporting learnt image features between video frames using a keypoint bottleneck. The discovered keypoints track objects and object parts across long time-horizons more accurately than recent similar methods. Furthermore, consistent long-term tracking enables two notable results in control domains -- (1) using the keypoint co-ordinates and corresponding image features as inputs enables highly sample-efficient reinforcement learning; (2) learning to explore by controlling keypoint locations drastically reduces the search space, enabling deep exploration (leading to states unreachable through random action exploration) without any extrinsic rewards. 
### 50.Explicit Disentanglement of Appearance and Perspective in Generative Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11881.pdf)
>  Disentangled representation learning finds compact, independent and easy-to-interpret factors of the data. Learning such has been shown to require an inductive bias, which we explicitly encode in a generative model of images. Specifically, we propose a model with two latent spaces: one that represents spatial transformations of the input data, and another that represents the transformed data. We find that the latter naturally captures the intrinsic appearance of the data. To realize the generative model, we propose a Variationally Inferred Transformational Autoencoder (VITAE) that incorporates a spatial transformer into a variational autoencoder. We show how to perform inference in the model efficiently by carefully designing the encoders and restricting the transformation class to be diffeomorphic. Empirically, our model separates the visual style from digit type on MNIST, and separates shape and pose in images of the human body. 
### 51.Style Generator Inversion for Image Enhancement and Animation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11880.pdf)
>  One of the main motivations for training high quality image generative models is their potential use as tools for image manipulation. Recently, generative adversarial networks (GANs) have been able to generate images of remarkable quality. Unfortunately, adversarially-trained unconditional generator networks have not been successful as image priors. One of the main requirements for a network to act as a generative image prior, is being able to generate every possible image from the target distribution. Adversarial learning often experiences mode-collapse, which manifests in generators that cannot generate some modes of the target distribution. Another requirement often not satisfied is invertibility i.e. having an efficient way of finding a valid input latent code given a required output image. In this work, we show that differently from earlier GANs, the very recently proposed style-generators are quite easy to invert. We use this important observation to propose style generators as general purpose image priors. We show that style generators outperform other GANs as well as Deep Image Prior as priors for image enhancement tasks. The latent space spanned by style-generators satisfies linear identity-pose relations. The latent space linearity, combined with invertibility, allows us to animate still facial images without supervision. Extensive experiments are performed to support the main contributions of this paper. 
### 52.Comparing Energy Efficiency of CPU, GPU and FPGA Implementations for Vision Kernels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11879.pdf)
>  Developing high performance embedded vision applications requires balancing run-time performance with energy constraints. Given the mix of hardware accelerators that exist for embedded computer vision (e.g. multi-core CPUs, GPUs, and FPGAs), and their associated vendor optimized vision libraries, it becomes a challenge for developers to navigate this fragmented solution space. To aid with determining which embedded platform is most suitable for their application, we conduct a comprehensive benchmark of the run-time performance and energy efficiency of a wide range of vision kernels. We discuss rationales for why a given underlying hardware architecture innately performs well or poorly based on the characteristics of a range of vision kernel categories. Specifically, our study is performed for three commonly used HW accelerators for embedded vision applications: ARM57 CPU, Jetson TX2 GPU and ZCU102 FPGA, using their vendor optimized vision libraries: OpenCV, VisionWorks and xfOpenCV. Our results show that the GPU achieves an energy/frame reduction ratio of 1.1-3.2x compared to the others for simple kernels. While for more complicated kernels and complete vision pipelines, the FPGA outperforms the others with energy/frame reduction ratios of 1.2-22.3x. It is also observed that the FPGA performs increasingly better as a vision application's pipeline complexity grows. 
### 53.Deep Learning-Based Classification Of the Defective Pistachios Via Deep Autoencoder Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11878.pdf)
>  Pistachio nut is mainly consumed as raw, salted or roasted because of its high nutritional properties and favorable taste. Pistachio nuts with shell and kernel defects, besides not being acceptable for a consumer, are also prone to insects damage, mold decay, and aflatoxin contamination. In this research, a deep learning-based imaging algorithm was developed to improve the sorting of nuts with shell and kernel defects that indicate the risk of aflatoxin contamination, such as dark stains, oily stains, adhering hull, fungal decay and Aspergillus molds. This paper presents an unsupervised learning method to classify defective and unpleasant pistachios based on deep Auto-encoder neural networks. The testing of the designed neural network on a validation dataset showed that nuts having dark stain, oily stain or adhering hull with an accuracy of 80.3% can be distinguished from normal nuts. Due to the limited memory available in the HPC of university, the results are reasonable and justifiable. 
### 54.Making CNNs for Video Parsing Accessible  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11877.pdf)
>  The ability to extract sequences of game events for high-resolution e-sport games has traditionally required access to the game's engine. This serves as a barrier to groups who don't possess this access. It is possible to apply deep learning to derive these logs from gameplay video, but it requires computational power that serves as an additional barrier. These groups would benefit from access to these logs, such as small e-sport tournament organizers who could better visualize gameplay to inform both audience and commentators. In this paper we present a combined solution to reduce the required computational resources and time to apply a convolutional neural network (CNN) to extract events from e-sport gameplay videos. This solution consists of techniques to train a CNN faster and methods to execute predictions more quickly. This expands the types of machines capable of training and running these models, which in turn extends access to extracting game logs with this approach. We evaluate the approaches in the domain of DOTA2, one of the most popular e-sports. Our results demonstrate our approach outperforms standard backpropagation baselines. 
### 55.Uncertainty Based Detection and Relabeling of Noisy Image Labels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11876.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are powerful tools in computer vision tasks. However, in many realistic scenarios label noise is prevalent in the training images, and overfitting to these noisy labels can significantly harm the generalization performance of DNNs. We propose a novel technique to identify data with noisy labels based on the different distributions of the predictive uncertainties from a DNN over the clean and noisy data. Additionally, the behavior of the uncertainty over the course of training helps to identify the network weights which best can be used to relabel the noisy labels. Data with noisy labels can therefore be cleaned in an iterative process. Our proposed method can be easily implemented, and shows promising performance on the task of noisy label detection on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100. 
### 56.Team JL Solution to Google Landmark Recognition 2019  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11874.pdf)
>  In this paper, we describe our solution to the Google Landmark Recognition 2019 Challenge held on Kaggle. Due to the large number of classes, noisy data, imbalanced class sizes, and the presence of a significant amount of distractors in the test set, our method is based mainly on retrieval techniques with both global and local CNN approaches. Our full pipeline, after ensembling the models and applying several steps of re-ranking strategies, scores 0.37606 GAP on the private leaderboard which won the 1st place in the competition. 
### 57.VolMap: A Real-time Model for Semantic Segmentation of a LiDAR surrounding view  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11873.pdf)
>  This paper introduces VolMap, a real-time approach for the semantic segmentation of a 3D LiDAR surrounding view system in autonomous vehicles. We designed an optimized deep convolution neural network that can accurately segment the point cloud produced by a 360\degree{} LiDAR setup, where the input consists of a volumetric bird-eye view with LiDAR height layers used as input channels. We further investigated the usage of multi-LiDAR setup and its effect on the performance of the semantic segmentation task. Our evaluations are carried out on a large scale 3D object detection benchmark containing a LiDAR cocoon setup, along with KITTI dataset, where the per-point segmentation labels are derived from 3D bounding boxes. We show that VolMap achieved an excellent balance between high accuracy and real-time running on CPU. 
### 58.Using Self-Supervised Learning Can Improve Model Robustness and Uncertainty  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12340.pdf)
>  Self-supervision provides effective representations for downstream tasks without requiring labels. However, existing approaches lag behind fully supervised training and are often not thought beneficial beyond obviating the need for annotations. We find that self-supervision can benefit robustness in a variety of ways, including robustness to adversarial examples, label corruption, and common input corruptions. Additionally, self-supervision greatly benefits out-of-distribution detection on difficult, near-distribution outliers, so much so that it exceeds the performance of fully supervised methods. These results demonstrate the promise of self-supervision for improving robustness and uncertainty estimation and establish these tasks as new axes of evaluation for future self-supervised learning research. 
### 59.Modelling Airway Geometry as Stock Market Data using Bayesian Changepoint Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12225.pdf)
>  Numerous lung diseases, such as idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF), exhibit dilation of the airways. Accurate measurement of dilatation enables assessment of the progression of disease. Unfortunately the combination of image noise and airway bifurcations causes high variability in the profiles of cross-sectional areas, rendering the identification of affected regions very difficult. Here we introduce a noise-robust method for automatically detecting the location of progressive airway dilatation given two profiles of the same airway acquired at different time points. We propose a probabilistic model of abrupt relative variations between profiles and perform inference via Reversible Jump Markov Chain Monte Carlo sampling. We demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed method on two datasets; (i) images of healthy airways with simulated dilatation; (ii) pairs of real images of IPF-affected airways acquired at 1 year intervals. Our model is able to detect the starting location of airway dilatation with an accuracy of 2.5mm on simulated data. The experiments on the IPF dataset display reasonable agreement with radiologists. We can compute a relative change in airway volume that may be useful for quantifying IPF disease progression. 
### 60.Adversarial optimization for joint registration and segmentation in prostate CT radiotherapy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12223.pdf)
>  Joint image registration and segmentation has long been an active area of research in medical imaging. Here, we reformulate this problem in a deep learning setting using adversarial learning. We consider the case in which fixed and moving images as well as their segmentations are available for training, while segmentations are not available during testing; a common scenario in radiotherapy. The proposed framework consists of a 3D end-to-end generator network that estimates the deformation vector field (DVF) between fixed and moving images in an unsupervised fashion and applies this DVF to the moving image and its segmentation. A discriminator network is trained to evaluate how well the moving image and segmentation align with the fixed image and segmentation. The proposed network was trained and evaluated on follow-up prostate CT scans for image-guided radiotherapy, where the planning CT contours are propagated to the daily CT images using the estimated DVF. A quantitative comparison with conventional registration using \texttt{elastix} showed that the proposed method improved performance and substantially reduced computation time, thus enabling real-time contour propagation necessary for online-adaptive radiotherapy. 
### 61.Accurate Retinal Vessel Segmentation via Octave Convolution Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12193.pdf)
>  Retinal vessel segmentation is a crucial step in diagnosing and screening various diseases, including diabetes, ophthalmologic diseases, and cardiovascular diseases. In this paper, we proposed an effective and efficient method for accurate vessel segmentation in color fundus images using encoder-decoder based octave convolution network. Comparing to other convolution network based methods that utilize vanilla convolution for feature extraction, the proposed method adopts octave convolution for multiple-spatial-frequency features learning, thus can better capture retinal vasculature with varying size and shape. We empirically demonstrate that the feature map of low-frequency kernels responds focus on the major vascular tree, whereas the high-frequency feature map can better captures the minor details of low contrasted thin vessels. To provide the network capability of learning how to decode multifrequency features, we extended octave convolution and proposed a novel operation named octave transposed convolution with the same multifrequency approach. We also proposed a novel encoder-decoder based fully convolution network named Octave UNet that generates high resolution vessel segmentation in single forward feeding. The proposed method is evaluated on four publicly available datasets, DRIVE, STARE, CHASE_DB1, and HRF datasets. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the proposed method achieves better or compatible performance to state-of-the-art methods with fast processing speed. 
### 62.Densely Residual Laplacian Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.12021.pdf)
>  Super-Resolution convolutional neural networks have recently demonstrated high-quality restoration for single images. However, existing algorithms often require very deep architectures and long training times. Furthermore, current convolutional neural networks for super-resolution are unable to exploit features at multiple scales and weigh them equally, limiting their learning capability. In this exposition, we present a compact and accurate super-resolution algorithm, namely, densely residual Laplacian Network (DRLN). The proposed network employs cascading residual on the residual structure to allow the flow of low-frequency information to focus on learning high and mid-level features. In addition, deep supervision is achieved via the densely concatenated residual blocks settings, which also helps in learning from high-level complex features. Moreover, we propose Laplacian attention to model the crucial features to learn the inter and intra-level dependencies between the feature maps. Comprehensive quantitative and qualitative evaluations on low-resolution, noisy low-resolution, and real historical image benchmark datasets illustrate that our DRLN algorithm performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods visually and accurately. 
### 63.Studying the Impact of Mood on Identifying Smartphone Users  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11960.pdf)
>  This paper explores the identification of smartphone users when certain samples collected while the subject felt happy, upset or stressed were absent or present. We employ data from 19 subjects using the StudentLife dataset, a dataset collected by researchers at Dartmouth College that was originally collected to correlate behaviors characterized by smartphone usage patterns with changes in stress and academic performance. Although many previous works on behavioral biometrics have implied that mood is a source of intra-person variation which may impact biometric performance, our results contradict this assumption. Our findings show that performance worsens when removing samples that were generated when subjects may be happy, upset, or stressed. Thus, there is no indication that mood negatively impacts performance. However, we do find that changes existing in smartphone usage patterns may correlate with mood, including changes in locking, audio, location, calling, homescreen, and e-mail habits. Thus, we show that while mood is a source of intra-person variation, it may be an inaccurate assumption that biometric systems (particularly, mobile biometrics) are likely influenced by mood. 
### 64.Supervise Thyself: Examining Self-Supervised Representations in Interactive Environments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11951.pdf)
>  Self-supervised methods, wherein an agent learns representations solely by observing the results of its actions, become crucial in environments which do not provide a dense reward signal or have labels. In most cases, such methods are used for pretraining or auxiliary tasks for "downstream" tasks, such as control, exploration, or imitation learning. However, it is not clear which method's representations best capture meaningful features of the environment, and which are best suited for which types of environments. We present a small-scale study of self-supervised methods on two visual environments: Flappy Bird and Sonic The Hedgehog. In particular, we quantitatively evaluate the representations learned from these tasks in two contexts: a) the extent to which the representations capture true state information of the agent and b) how generalizable these representations are to novel situations, like new levels and textures. Lastly, we evaluate these self-supervised features by visualizing which parts of the environment they focus on. Our results show that the utility of the representations is highly dependent on the visuals and dynamics of the environment. 
### 65.HEMELB Acceleration and Visualization for Cerebral Aneurysms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11925.pdf)
>  A weakness in the wall of a cerebral artery causing a dilation or ballooning of the blood vessel is known as a cerebral aneurysm. Optimal treatment requires fast and accurate diagnosis of the aneurysm. HemeLB is a fluid dynamics solver for complex geometries developed to provide neurosurgeons with information related to the flow of blood in and around aneurysms. On a cost efficient platform, HemeLB could be employed in hospitals to provide surgeons with the simulation results in real-time. In this work, we developed an improved version of HemeLB for GPU implementation and result visualization. A visualization platform for smooth interaction with end users is also presented. Finally, a comprehensive evaluation of this implementation is reported. The results demonstrate that the proposed implementation achieves a maximum performance of 15,168,964 site updates per second, and is capable of speeding up HemeLB for deployment in hospitals and clinical investigations. 
### 66.A New Compensatory Genetic Algorithm-Based Method for Effective Compressed Multi-function Convolutional Neural Network Model Selection with Multi-Objective Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11912.pdf)
>  In recent years, there have been many popular Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), such as Google's Inception-V4, that have performed very well for various image classification problems. These commonly used CNN models usually use the same activation function, such as RELU, for all neurons in the convolutional layers; they are "Single-function CNNs." However, SCNNs may not always be optimal. Thus, a "Multi-function CNN" (MCNN), which uses different activation functions for different neurons, has been shown to outperform a SCNN. Also, CNNs typically have very large architectures that use a lot of memory and need a lot of data in order to be trained well. As a result, they tend to have very high training and prediction times too. An important research problem is how to automatically and efficiently find the best CNN with both high classification performance and compact architecture with high training and prediction speeds, small power usage, and small memory size for any image classification problem. It is very useful to intelligently find an effective, fast, energy-efficient, and memory-efficient "Compressed Multi-function CNN" (CMCNN) from a large number of candidate MCNNs. A new compensatory algorithm using a new genetic algorithm (GA) is created to find the best CMCNN with an ideal compensation between performance and architecture size. The optimal CMCNN has the best performance and the smallest architecture size. Simulations using the CIFAR10 dataset showed that the new compensatory algorithm could find CMCNNs that could outperform non-compressed MCNNs in terms of classification performance (F1-score), speed, power usage, and memory usage. Other effective, fast, power-efficient, and memory-efficient CMCNNs based on popular CNN architectures will be developed for image classification problems in important real-world applications, such as brain informatics and biomedical imaging. 
### 67.DVDnet: A Fast Network for Deep Video Denoising  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11890.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a state-of-the-art video denoising algorithm based on a convolutional neural network architecture. Previous neural network based approaches to video denoising have been unsuccessful as their performance cannot compete with the performance of patch-based methods. However, our approach outperforms other patch-based competitors with significantly lower computing times. In contrast to other existing neural network denoisers, our algorithm exhibits several desirable properties such as a small memory footprint, and the ability to handle a wide range of noise levels with a single network model. The combination between its denoising performance and lower computational load makes this algorithm attractive for practical denoising applications. We compare our method with different state-of-art algorithms, both visually and with respect to objective quality metrics. The experiments show that our algorithm compares favorably to other state-of-art methods. Video examples, code and models are publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/m-tassano/dvdnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 68.From Data Quality to Model Quality: an Exploratory Study on Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11882.pdf)
>  Nowadays, people strive to improve the accuracy of deep learning models. However, very little work has focused on the quality of data sets. In fact, data quality determines model quality. Therefore, it is important for us to make research on how data quality affects on model quality. In this paper, we mainly consider four aspects of data quality, including Dataset Equilibrium, Dataset Size, Quality of Label, Dataset Contamination. We deign experiment on MNIST and Cifar-10 and try to find out the influence the four aspects make on model quality. Experimental results show that four aspects all have decisive impact on the quality of models. It means that decrease in data quality in these aspects will reduce the accuracy of model. 
### 69.Instant automatic diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11875.pdf)
>  The purpose of this study is to evaluate the performance of the OphtAI system for the automatic detection of referable diabetic retinopathy (DR) and the automatic assessment of DR severity using color fundus photography. OphtAI relies on ensembles of convolutional neural networks trained to recognize eye laterality, detect referable DR and assess DR severity. The system can either process single images or full examination records. To document the automatic diagnoses, accurate heatmaps are generated. The system was developed and validated using a dataset of 763,848 images from 164,660 screening procedures from the OPHDIAT screening program. For comparison purposes, it was also evaluated in the public Messidor-2 dataset. Referable DR can be detected with an area under the ROC curve of AUC = 0.989 in the Messidor-2 dataset, using the University of Iowa's reference standard (95% CI: 0.984-0.994). This is significantly better than the only AI system authorized by the FDA, evaluated in the exact same conditions (AUC = 0.980). OphtAI can also detect vision-threatening DR with an AUC of 0.997 (95% CI: 0.996-0.998) and proliferative DR with an AUC of 0.997 (95% CI: 0.995-0.999). The system runs in 0.3 seconds using a graphics processing unit and less than 2 seconds without. OphtAI is safer, faster and more comprehensive than the only AI system authorized by the FDA so far. Instant DR diagnosis is now possible, which is expected to streamline DR screening and to give easy access to DR screening to more diabetic patients. 
### 70.The Impact of an Inter-rater Bias on Neural Network Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11872.pdf)
>  The problem of inter-rater variability is often discussed in the context of manual labeling of medical images. It is assumed to be bypassed by automatic model-based approaches for image segmentation which are considered `objective', providing single, deterministic solutions. However, the emergence of data-driven approaches such as Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) and their application to supervised semantic segmentation - brought this issue of raters' disagreement back to the front-stage. In this paper, we highlight the issue of inter-rater bias as opposed to random inter-observer variability and demonstrate its influence on DNN training, leading to different segmentation results for the same input images. In fact, lower Dice scores are calculated if training and test segmentations are of different raters. Moreover, we demonstrate that inter-rater bias in the training examples is amplified when considering the segmentation predictions for the test data. We support our findings by showing that a classifier-DNN trained to distinguish between raters based on their manual annotations performs better when the automatic segmentation predictions rather than the raters' annotations were tested. <br>For this study, we used the ISBI 2015 Multiple Sclerosis (MS) challenge dataset, which includes annotations by two raters with different levels of expertise. The results obtained allow us to underline a worrisome clinical implication of a DNN bias induced by an inter-rater bias during training. Specially, we show that the differences in MS-lesion load estimates increase when the volume calculations are done based on the DNNs' segmentation predictions instead of the manual annotations used for training. 
### 71.Optimizing CNN-based Hyperspectral ImageClassification on FPGAs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.11834.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) classification has been widely adopted in applications involving remote sensing imagery analysis which require high classification accuracy and real-time processing speed. Methods based on Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been proven to achieve state-of-the-art accuracy in classifying HSIs. However, CNN models are often too computationally intensive to achieve real-time response due to the high dimensional nature of HSI, compared to traditional methods such as Support Vector Machines (SVMs). Besides, previous CNN models used in HSI are not specially designed for efficient implementation on embedded devices such as FPGAs. This paper proposes a novel CNN-based algorithm for HSI classification which takes into account hardware efficiency. A customized architecture which enables the proposed algorithm to be mapped effectively onto FPGA resources is then proposed to support real-time on-board classification with low power consumption. Implementation results show that our proposed accelerator on a Xilinx Zynq 706 FPGA board achieves more than 70x faster than an Intel 8-core Xeon CPU and 3x faster than an NVIDIA GeForce 1080 GPU. Compared to previous SVM-based FPGA accelerators, we achieve comparable processing speed but provide a much higher classification accuracy. 
