# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 3 Jul 2019
### 1.HO-3D: A Multi-User, Multi-Object Dataset for Joint 3D Hand-Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01481.pdf)
>  We propose a new dataset for 3D hand+object pose estimation from color images, together with a method for efficiently annotating this dataset, and a 3D pose prediction method based on this dataset. The current lack of training data makes the 3D hand+object pose estimation very challenging. This lack is due to the complexity of labeling many real images with both 3D poses and of generating synthetic images with various realistic interaction. Moreover, even if synthetic images could be used for training, annotated real images are still needed for validation. To tackle this challenge, we capture sequences with a simple setup made of a single RGB-D camera. We also use a color camera imaging the sequences from a side view, but only for validation. We introduce a novel method based on global optimization that exploits depth, color, and temporal constraints for efficiently annotating the sequences, which we use to train another novel method that predicts both the 3D poses of the hand and the object from a single color image. Our hope is to encourage other researchers to develop better annotation methods for our dataset: One can then apply such method to capture and easily annotate sequences captured with a single RGB-D camera to easily create additional training data thus solving one of the main problems of 3D hand+object pose estimation. 
### 2.Obj-GloVe: Scene-Based Contextual Object Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01478.pdf)
>  Recently, with the prevalence of large-scale image dataset, the co-occurrence information among classes becomes rich, calling for a new way to exploit it to facilitate inference. In this paper, we propose Obj-GloVe, a generic scene-based contextual embedding for common visual objects, where we adopt the word embedding method GloVe to exploit the co-occurrence between entities. We train the embedding on pre-processed Open Images V4 dataset and provide extensive visualization and analysis by dimensionality reduction and projecting the vectors along a specific semantic axis, and showcasing the nearest neighbors of the most common objects. Furthermore, we reveal the potential applications of Obj-GloVe on object detection and text-to-image synthesis, then verify its effectiveness on these two applications respectively. 
### 3.Attribute-Driven Spontaneous Motion in Unpaired Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01452.pdf)
>  Current image translation methods, albeit effective to produce high-quality results on various applications, still do not consider much geometric transforms. We in this paper propose spontaneous motion estimation module, along with a refinement module, to learn attribute-driven deformation between source and target domains. Extensive experiments and visualization demonstrate effectiveness of these modules. We achieve promising results in unpaired image translation tasks, and enable interesting applications with spontaneous motion basis. 
### 4.An End-to-End Neural Network for Image Cropping by Learning Composition from Aesthetic Photos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01432.pdf)
>  As one of the fundamental techniques for image editing, image cropping discards unrelevant contents and remains the pleasing portions of the image to enhance the overall composition and achieve better visual/aesthetic perception. In this paper, we primarily focus on improving the accuracy of automatic image cropping, and on further exploring its potential in public datasets with high efficiency. From this respect, we propose a deep learning based framework to learn the objects composition from photos with high aesthetic qualities, where an anchor region is detected through a convolutional neural network (CNN) with the Gaussian kernel to maintain the interested objects' integrity. This initial detected anchor area is then fed into a light weighted regression network to obtain the final cropping result. Unlike the conventional methods that multiple candidates are proposed and evaluated iteratively, only a single anchor region is produced in our model, which is mapped to the final output directly. Thus, low computational resources are required for the proposed approach. The experimental results on the public datasets show that both cropping accuracy and efficiency achieve the state-ofthe-art performances. 
### 5.Where are the Masks: Instance Segmentation with Image-level Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01430.pdf)
>  A major obstacle in instance segmentation is that existing methods often need many per-pixel labels in order to be effective. These labels require large human effort and for certain applications, such labels are not readily available. To address this limitation, we propose a novel framework that can effectively train with image-level labels, which are significantly cheaper to acquire. For instance, one can do an internet search for the term "car" and obtain many images where a car is present with minimal effort. Our framework consists of two stages: (1) train a classifier to generate pseudo masks for the objects of interest; (2) train a fully supervised Mask R-CNN on these pseudo masks. Our two main contribution are proposing a pipeline that is simple to implement and is amenable to different segmentation methods; and achieves new state-of-the-art results for this problem setup. Our results are based on evaluating our method on PASCAL VOC 2012, a standard dataset for weakly supervised methods, where we demonstrate major performance gains compared to existing methods with respect to mean average precision. 
### 6.Improving Borderline Adulthood Facial Age Estimation through Ensemble Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01427.pdf)
>  Achieving high performance for facial age estimation with subjects in the borderline between adulthood and non-adulthood has always been a challenge. Several studies have used different approaches from the age of a baby to an elder adult and different datasets have been employed to measure the mean absolute error (MAE) ranging between 1.47 to 8 years. The weakness of the algorithms specifically in the borderline has been a motivation for this paper. In our approach, we have developed an ensemble technique that improves the accuracy of underage estimation in conjunction with our deep learning model (DS13K) that has been fine-tuned on the Deep Expectation (DEX) model. We have achieved an accuracy of 68% for the age group 16 to 17 years old, which is 4 times better than the DEX accuracy for such age range. We also present an evaluation of existing cloud-based and offline facial age prediction services, such as Amazon Rekognition, Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services, <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://How-Old.net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> and DEX. 
### 7.Landmark Assisted CycleGAN for Cartoon Face Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01424.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are interested in generating an cartoon face of a person by using unpaired training data between real faces and cartoon ones. A major challenge of this task is that the structures of real and cartoon faces are in two different domains, whose appearance differs greatly from each other. Without explicit correspondence, it is difficult to generate a high quality cartoon face that captures the essential facial features of a person. In order to solve this problem, we propose landmark assisted CycleGAN, which utilizes face landmarks to define landmark consistency loss and to guide the training of local discriminator in CycleGAN. To enforce structural consistency in landmarks, we utilize the conditional generator and discriminator. Our approach is capable to generate high-quality cartoon faces even indistinguishable from those drawn by artists and largely improves state-of-the-art. 
### 8.A Closest Point Proposal for MCMC-based Probabilistic Surface Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01414.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a non-rigid surface registration algorithm that estimates the correspondence uncertainty using the Markov-chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) framework. The estimated uncertainty of the inferred registration is important for many applications, such as surgical planning or missing data reconstruction. The used Metropolis-Hastings (MH) algorithm decouples the inference from modelling the posterior using a propose-and-verify scheme. The widely used random sampling strategy leads to slow convergence rates in high dimensional space. In order to overcome this limitation, we introduce an informed probabilistic proposal based on ICP that can be used within the MH algorithm. While the ICP algorithm is used in the inference algorithm, the likelihood can be chosen independently. We showcase different surface distance measures, such as the traditional Euclidean norm and the Hausdorff distance. While quantifying the uncertainty of the correspondence, we also experimentally verify that our method is more robust than the non-rigid ICP algorithm and provides more accurate surface registrations. In a reconstruction task, we show how our probabilistic framework can be used to estimate the posterior distribution of missing data without assuming a fixed point-to-point correspondence. We have made our registration framework publicly available for the community. 
### 9.A Single Video Super-Resolution GAN for Multiple Downsampling Operators based on Pseudo-Inverse Image Formation Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01399.pdf)
>  The popularity of high and ultra-high definition displays has led to the need for methods to improve the quality of videos already obtained at much lower resolutions. Current Video Super-Resolution methods are not robust to mismatch between training and testing degradation models since they are trained against a single degradation model (usually bicubic downsampling). This causes their performance to deteriorate in real-life applications. At the same time, the use of only the Mean Squared Error during learning causes the resulting images to be too smooth. In this work we propose a new Convolutional Neural Network for video super resolution which is robust to multiple degradation models. During training, which is performed on a large dataset of scenes with slow and fast motions, it uses the pseudo-inverse image formation model as part of the network architecture in conjunction with perceptual losses, in addition to a smoothness constraint that eliminates the artifacts originating from these perceptual losses. The experimental validation shows that our approach outperforms current state-of-the-art methods and is robust to multiple degradations. 
### 10.CSSegNet: Fine-Grained Cardiac Structures Segmentation Using Dilated Pyramid Pooling in U-net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01390.pdf)
>  Cardiac structure segmentation plays an important role in medical analysis procedures. Images' blurred boundaries issue always limits the segmentation performance. To address this difficult problem, we presented a novel network structure which embedded dilated pyramid pooling block in the skip connections between networks' encoding and decoding stage. A dilated pyramid pooling block is made up of convolutions and pooling operations with different vision scopes. Equipped the model with such module, it could be endowed with multi-scales vision ability. Together combining with other techniques, it included a multi-scales initial features extraction and a multi-resolutions' prediction aggregation module. As for backbone feature extraction network, we referred to the basic idea of Xception network which benefited from separable convolutions. Evaluated on the Post 2017 MICCAI-ACDC challenge phase data, our proposed model could achieve state-of-the-art performance in left ventricle (LVC) cavities and right ventricle cavities (RVC) segmentation tasks. Results revealed that our method has advantages on both geometrical (Dice coefficient, Hausdorff distance) and clinical evaluation (Ejection Fraction, Volume), which represent closer boundaries and more statistically significant separately. 
### 11.Training Auto-encoder-based Optimizers for Terahertz Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01377.pdf)
>  Terahertz (THz) sensing is a promising imaging technology for a wide variety of different applications. Extracting the interpretable and physically meaningful parameters for such applications, however, requires solving an inverse problem in which a model function determined by these parameters needs to be fitted to the measured data. Since the underlying optimization problem is nonconvex and very costly to solve, we propose learning the prediction of suitable parameters from the measured data directly. More precisely, we develop a model-based autoencoder in which the encoder network predicts suitable parameters and the decoder is fixed to a physically meaningful model function, such that we can train the encoding network in an unsupervised way. We illustrate numerically that the resulting network is more than 140 times faster than classical optimization techniques while making predictions with only slightly higher objective values. Using such predictions as starting points of local optimization techniques allows us to converge to better local minima about twice as fast as optimization without the network-based initialization. 
### 12.Multi-scale GANs for Memory-efficient Generation of High Resolution Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01376.pdf)
>  Currently generative adversarial networks (GANs) are rarely applied to medical images of large sizes, especially 3D volumes, due to their large computational demand. We propose a novel multi-scale patch-based GAN approach to generate large high resolution 2D and 3D images. Our key idea is to first learn a low-resolution version of the image and then generate patches of successively growing resolutions conditioned on previous scales. In a domain translation use-case scenario, 3D thorax CTs of size 512x512x512 and thorax X-rays of size 2048x2048 are generated and we show that, due to the constant GPU memory demand of our method, arbitrarily large images of high resolution can be generated. Moreover, compared to common patch-based approaches, our multi-resolution scheme enables better image quality and prevents patch artifacts. 
### 13.Pathologist-Level Grading of Prostate Biopsies with Artificial Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01368.pdf)
>  Background: An increasing volume of prostate biopsies and a world-wide shortage of uro-pathologists puts a strain on pathology departments. Additionally, the high intra- and inter-observer variability in grading can result in over- and undertreatment of prostate cancer. Artificial intelligence (AI) methods may alleviate these problems by assisting pathologists to reduce workload and harmonize grading. <br>Methods: We digitized 6,682 needle biopsies from 976 participants in the population based STHLM3 diagnostic study to train deep neural networks for assessing prostate biopsies. The networks were evaluated by predicting the presence, extent, and Gleason grade of malignant tissue for an independent test set comprising 1,631 biopsies from 245 men. We additionally evaluated grading performance on 87 biopsies individually graded by 23 experienced urological pathologists from the International Society of Urological Pathology. We assessed discriminatory performance by receiver operating characteristics (ROC) and tumor extent predictions by correlating predicted millimeter cancer length against measurements by the reporting pathologist. We quantified the concordance between grades assigned by the AI and the expert urological pathologists using Cohen's kappa. <br>Results: The performance of the AI to detect and grade cancer in prostate needle biopsy samples was comparable to that of international experts in prostate pathology. The AI achieved an area under the ROC curve of 0.997 for distinguishing between benign and malignant biopsy cores, and 0.999 for distinguishing between men with or without prostate cancer. The correlation between millimeter cancer predicted by the AI and assigned by the reporting pathologist was 0.96. For assigning Gleason grades, the AI achieved an average pairwise kappa of 0.62. This was within the range of the corresponding values for the expert pathologists (0.60 to 0.73). 
### 14.FastDVDnet: Towards Real-Time Video Denoising Without Explicit Motion Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01361.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a state-of-the-art video denoising algorithm based on a convolutional neural network architecture. Until recently, video denoising with neural networks had been a largely under explored domain, and existing methods could not compete with the performance of the best patch-based methods. The approach we introduce in this paper, called FastDVDnet, shows similar or better performance than other state-of-the-art competitors with significantly lower computing times. In contrast to other existing neural network denoisers, our algorithm exhibits several desirable properties such as fast runtimes, and the ability to handle a wide range of noise levels with a single network model. The characteristics of its architecture make it possible to avoid using a costly motion compensation stage while achieving excellent performance. The combination between its denoising performance and lower computational load makes this algorithm attractive for practical denoising applications. We compare our method with different state-of-art algorithms, both visually and with respect to objective quality metrics. 
### 15.The Ethical Dilemma when (not) Setting up Cost-based Decision Rules in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01342.pdf)
>  Neural networks for semantic segmentation can be seen as statistical models that provide for each pixel of one image a probability distribution on predefined classes. The predicted class is then usually obtained by the maximum a-posteriori probability (MAP) which is known as Bayes rule in decision theory. From decision theory we also know that the Bayes rule is optimal regarding the simple symmetric cost function. Therefore, it weights each type of confusion between two different classes equally, e.g., given images of urban street scenes there is no distinction in the cost function if the network confuses a person with a street or a building with a tree. Intuitively, there might be confusions of classes that are more important to avoid than others. In this work, we want to raise awareness of the possibility of explicitly defining confusion costs and the associated ethical difficulties if it comes down to providing numbers. We define two cost functions from different extreme perspectives, an egoistic and an altruistic one, and show how safety relevant quantities like precision / recall and (segment-wise) false positive / negative rate change when interpolating between MAP, egoistic and altruistic decision rules. 
### 16.Towards Robust Monocular Depth Estimation: Mixing Datasets for Zero-Shot Cross-Dataset Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01341.pdf)
>  The success of monocular depth estimation relies on large and diverse training sets. Due to the challenges associated with acquiring dense ground-truth depth across different environments at scale, a number of datasets with distinct characteristics and biases have emerged. We develop tools that enable mixing multiple datasets during training, even if their annotations are incompatible. In particular, we propose a training objective that is invariant to changes in depth range and scale. Armed with this objective, we explore an abundant source of training data: 3D films. We demonstrate that despite pervasive inaccuracies, 3D films constitute a useful source of data that is complementary to existing training sets. We evaluate the presented approach on diverse datasets, focusing on zero-shot cross-dataset transfer: testing the generality of the learned model by evaluating it on datasets that were not seen during training. The experiments confirm that mixing data from complementary sources yields improved depth estimates, particularly on previously unseen datasets. Some results are shown in the supplementary video: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/ITI0YS6IrUQ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 17.Unsupervised Deformable Image Registration Using Cycle-Consistent CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01319.pdf)
>  Medical image registration is one of the key processing steps for biomedical image analysis such as cancer diagnosis. Recently, deep learning based supervised and unsupervised image registration methods have been extensively studied due to its excellent performance in spite of ultra-fast computational time compared to the classical approaches. In this paper, we present a novel unsupervised medical image registration method that trains deep neural network for deformable registration of 3D volumes using a cycle-consistency. Thanks to the cycle consistency, the proposed deep neural networks can take diverse pair of image data with severe deformation for accurate registration. Experimental results using multiphase liver CT images demonstrate that our method provides very precise 3D image registration within a few seconds, resulting in more accurate cancer size estimation. 
### 18.Brno Mobile OCR Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01307.pdf)
>  We introduce the Brno Mobile OCR Dataset (B-MOD) for document Optical Character Recognition from low-quality images captured by handheld mobile devices. While OCR of high-quality scanned documents is a mature field where many commercial tools are available, and large datasets of text in the wild exist, no existing datasets can be used to develop and test document OCR methods robust to non-uniform lighting, image blur, strong noise, built-in denoising, sharpening, compression and other artifacts present in many photographs from mobile devices. <br>This dataset contains 2 113 unique pages from random scientific papers, which were photographed by multiple people using 23 different mobile devices. The resulting 19 728 photographs of various visual quality are accompanied by precise positions and text annotations of 500k text lines. We further provide an evaluation methodology, including an evaluation server and a testset with non-public annotations. <br>We provide a state-of-the-art text recognition baseline build on convolutional and recurrent neural networks trained with Connectionist Temporal Classification loss. This baseline achieves 2 %, 22 % and 73 % word error rates on easy, medium and hard parts of the dataset, respectively, confirming that the dataset is challenging. <br>The presented dataset will enable future development and evaluation of document analysis for low-quality images. It is primarily intended for line-level text recognition, and can be further used for line localization, layout analysis, image restoration and text binarization. 
### 19.An Integrated Image Filter for Enhancing Change Detection Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01301.pdf)
>  Change detection is a fundamental task in computer vision. Despite significant advances have been made, most of the change detection methods fail to work well in challenging scenes due to ubiquitous noise and interferences. Nowadays, post-processing methods (e.g. MRF, and CRF) aiming to enhance the binary change detection results still fall short of the requirements on universality for distinctive scenes, applicability for different types of detection methods, accuracy, and real-time performance. Inspired by the nature of image filtering, which separates noise from pixel observations and recovers the real structure of patches, we consider utilizing image filters to enhance the detection masks. In this paper, we present an integrated filter which comprises a weighted local guided image filter and a weighted spatiotemporal tree filter. The spatiotemporal tree filter leverages the global spatiotemporal information of adjacent video frames and meanwhile the guided filter carries out local window filtering of pixels, for enhancing the coarse change detection masks. The main contributions are three: (i) the proposed filter can make full use of the information of the same object in consecutive frames to improve its current detection mask by computations on a spatiotemporal minimum spanning tree; (ii) the integrated filter possesses both advantages of local filtering and global filtering; it not only has good edge-preserving property but also can handle heavily textured and colorful foreground regions; and (iii) Unlike some popular enhancement methods (MRF, and CRF) that require either a priori background probabilities or a posteriori foreground probabilities for every pixel to improve the coarse detection masks, our method is a versatile enhancement filter that can be applied after many different types of change detection methods, and is particularly suitable for video sequences. 
### 20.Dynamic Face Video Segmentation via Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01296.pdf)
>  For real-time semantic video segmentation, most recent works utilise a dynamic framework with a key scheduler to make online key/non-key decisions. Some works used a fixed key scheduling policy, while others proposed adaptive key scheduling methods based on heuristic strategies, both of which may lead to suboptimal global performance. To overcome this limitation, we propose to model the online key decision process in dynamic video segmentation as a deep reinforcement learning problem, and to learn an efficient and effective scheduling policy from expert information about decision history and from the process of maximising global return. Moreover, we study the application of dynamic video segmentation on face videos, a field that has not been investigated before. By evaluating on the 300VW dataset, we show that the performance of our reinforcement key scheduler outperforms that of various baseline approaches, and our method could also achieve real-time processing speed. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to use reinforcement learning for online key-frame decision in dynamic video segmentation, and also the first work on its application on face videos. 
### 21.Lane Detection and Classification using Cascaded CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01294.pdf)
>  Lane detection is extremely important for autonomous vehicles. For this reason, many approaches use lane boundary information to locate the vehicle inside the street, or to integrate GPS-based localization. As many other computer vision based tasks, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) represent the state-of-the-art technology to indentify lane boundaries. However, the position of the lane boundaries w.r.t. the vehicle may not suffice for a reliable positioning, as for path planning or localization information regarding lane types may also be needed. In this work, we present an end-to-end system for lane boundary identification, clustering and classification, based on two cascaded neural networks, that runs in real-time. To build the system, 14336 lane boundaries instances of the TuSimple dataset for lane detection have been labelled using 8 different classes. Our dataset and the code for inference are available online. 
### 22.Semi-Bagging Based Deep Neural Architecture to Extract Text from High Entropy Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01284.pdf)
>  Extracting texts of various size and shape from images containing multiple objects is an important problem in many contexts, especially, in connection to e-commerce, augmented reality assistance system in natural scene, etc. The existing works (based on only CNN) often perform sub-optimally when the image contains regions of high entropy having multiple objects. This paper presents an end-to-end text detection strategy combining a segmentation algorithm and an ensemble of multiple text detectors of different types to detect text in every individual image segments independently. The proposed strategy involves a super-pixel based image segmenter which splits an image into multiple regions. A convolutional deep neural architecture is developed which works on each of the segments and detects texts of multiple shapes, sizes, and structures. It outperforms the competing methods in terms of coverage in detecting texts in images especially the ones where the text of various types and sizes are compacted in a small region along with various other objects. Furthermore, the proposed text detection method along with a text recognizer outperforms the existing state-of-the-art approaches in extracting text from high entropy images. We validate the results on a dataset consisting of product images on an e-commerce website. 
### 23.An Analysis of Deep Neural Networks with Attention for Action Recognition from a Neurophysiological Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01273.pdf)
>  We review three recent deep learning based methods for action recognition and present a brief comparative analysis of the methods from a neurophyisiological point of view. We posit that there are some analogy between the three presented deep learning based methods and some of the existing hypotheses regarding the functioning of human brain. 
### 24.Improving the generalizability of convolutional neural network-based segmentation on CMR images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01268.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN) based segmentation methods provide an efficient and automated way for clinicians to assess the structure and function of the heart in cardiac MR images. While CNNs can generally perform the segmentation tasks with high accuracy when training and test images come from the same domain (e.g. same scanner or site), their performance often degrades dramatically on images from different scanners or clinical sites. We propose a simple yet effective way for improving the network generalization ability by carefully designing data normalization and augmentation strategies to accommodate common scenarios in multi-site, multi-scanner clinical imaging data sets. We demonstrate that a neural network trained on a single-site single-scanner dataset from the UK Biobank can be successfully applied to segmenting cardiac MR images across different sites and different scanners without substantial loss of accuracy. Specifically, the method was trained on a large set of 3,975 subjects from the UK Biobank. It was then directly tested on 600 different subjects from the UK Biobank for intra-domain testing and two other sets for cross-domain testing: the ACDC dataset (100 subjects, 1 site, 2 scanners) and the BSCMR-AS dataset (599 subjects, 6 sites, 9 scanners). The proposed method produces promising segmentation results on the UK Biobank test set which are comparable to previously reported values in the literature, while also performing well on cross-domain test sets, achieving a mean Dice metric of 0.90 for the left ventricle, 0.81 for the myocardium and 0.82 for the right ventricle on the ACDC dataset; and 0.89 for the left ventricle, 0.83 for the myocardium on the BSCMR-AS dataset. The proposed method offers a potential solution to improve CNN-based model generalizability for the cross-scanner and cross-site cardiac MR image segmentation task. 
### 25.TedEval: A Fair Evaluation Metric for Scene Text Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01227.pdf)
>  Despite the recent success of scene text detection methods, common evaluation metrics fail to provide a fair and reliable comparison among detectors. They have obvious drawbacks in reflecting the inherent characteristic of text detection tasks, unable to address issues such as granularity, multiline, and character incompleteness. In this paper, we propose a novel evaluation protocol called TedEval (Text detector Evaluation), which evaluates text detections by an instance-level matching and a character-level scoring. Based on a firm standard rewarding behaviors that result in successful recognition, TedEval can act as a reliable standard for comparing and quantizing the detection quality throughout all difficulty levels. In this regard, we believe that TedEval can play a key role in developing state-of-the-art scene text detectors. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/clovaai/TedEval" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 26.Proposal, Tracking and Segmentation (PTS): A Cascaded Network for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01203.pdf)
>  Video object segmentation (VOS) aims at pixel-level object tracking given only the annotations in the first frame. Due to the large visual variations of objects in video and the lack of training samples, it remains a difficult task despite the upsurging development of deep learning. Toward solving the VOS problem, we bring in several new insights by the proposed unified framework consisting of object proposal, tracking and segmentation components. The object proposal network transfers objectness information as generic knowledge into VOS; the tracking network identifies the target object from the proposals; and the segmentation network is performed based on the tracking results with a novel dynamic-reference based model adaptation scheme. Extensive experiments have been conducted on the DAVIS'17 dataset and the YouTube-VOS dataset, our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on several video object segmentation benchmarks. We make the code publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sydney0zq/PTSNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 27.Inverse Attention Guided Deep Crowd Counting Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01193.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the challenging problem of crowd counting in congested scenes. Specifically, we present Inverse Attention Guided Deep Crowd Counting Network (IA-DCCN) that efficiently infuses segmentation information through an inverse attention mechanism into the counting network, resulting in significant improvements. The proposed method, which is based on VGG-16, is a single-step training framework and is simple to implement. The use of segmentation information results in minimal computational overhead and does not require any additional annotations. We demonstrate the significance of segmentation guided inverse attention through a detailed analysis and ablation study. Furthermore, the proposed method is evaluated on three challenging crowd counting datasets and is shown to achieve significant improvements over several recent methods. 
### 28.Generative Guiding Block: Synthesizing Realistic Looking Variants Capable of Even Large Change Demands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01187.pdf)
>  Realistic image synthesis is to generate an image that is perceptually indistinguishable from an actual image. Generating realistic looking images with large variations (e.g., large spatial deformations and large pose change), however, is very challenging. Handing large variations as well as preserving appearance needs to be taken into account in the realistic looking image generation. In this paper, we propose a novel realistic looking image synthesis method, especially in large change demands. To do that, we devise generative guiding blocks. The proposed generative guiding block includes realistic appearance preserving discriminator and naturalistic variation transforming discriminator. By taking the proposed generative guiding blocks into generative model, the latent features at the layer of generative model are enhanced to synthesize both realistic looking- and target variation- image. With qualitative and quantitative evaluation in experiments, we demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed generative guiding blocks, compared to the state-of-the-arts. 
### 29.Multi-Cue Vehicle Detection for Semantic Video Compression In Georegistered Aerial Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01176.pdf)
>  Detection of moving objects such as vehicles in videos acquired from an airborne camera is very useful for video analytics applications. Using fast low power algorithms for onboard moving object detection would also provide region of interest-based semantic information for scene content aware image compression. This would enable more efficient and flexible communication link utilization in lowbandwidth airborne cloud computing networks. Despite recent advances in both UAV or drone platforms and imaging sensor technologies, vehicle detection from aerial video remains challenging due to small object sizes, platform motion and camera jitter, obscurations, scene complexity and degraded imaging conditions. This paper proposes an efficient moving vehicle detection pipeline which synergistically fuses both appearance and motion-based detections in a complementary manner using deep learning combined with flux tensor spatio-temporal filtering. Our proposed multi-cue pipeline is able to detect moving vehicles with high precision and recall, while filtering out false positives such as parked vehicles, through intelligent fusion. Experimental results show that incorporating contextual information of moving vehicles enables high semantic compression ratios of over 100:1 with high image fidelity, for better utilization of limited bandwidth air-to-ground network links. 
### 30.Procedure Planning in Instructional Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01172.pdf)
>  We propose a new challenging task: procedure planning in instructional videos. Unlike existing planning problems, where both the state and the action spaces are well-defined, the key challenge of planning in instructional videos is that both the state and the action spaces are open-vocabulary. We address this challenge with latent space planning, where we propose to explicitly leverage the constraints imposed by the conjugate relationships between states and actions in a learned plannable latent space. We evaluate both procedure planning and walkthrough planning on large-scale real-world instructional videos. Our experiments show that we are able to learn plannable semantic representations without explicit supervision. This enables sequential reasoning on real-world videos and leads to stronger generalization compared to existing planning approaches and neural network policies. 
### 31.Multi-scale Template Matching with Scalable Diversity Similarity in an Unconstrained Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01150.pdf)
>  We propose a novel multi-scale template matching method which is robust against both scaling and rotation in unconstrained environments. The key component behind is a similarity measure referred to as scalable diversity similarity (SDS). Specifically, SDS exploits bidirectional diversity of the nearest neighbor (NN) matches between two sets of points. To address the scale-robustness of the similarity measure, local appearance and rank information are jointly used for the NN search. Furthermore, by introducing penalty term on the scale change, and polar radius term into the similarity measure, SDS is shown to be a well-performing similarity measure against overall size and rotation changes, as well as non-rigid geometric deformations, background clutter, and occlusions. The properties of SDS are statistically justified, and experiments on both synthetic and real-world data show that SDS can significantly outperform state-of-the-art methods. 
### 32.Disentangled Makeup Transfer with Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01144.pdf)
>  Facial makeup transfer is a widely-used technology that aims to transfer the makeup style from a reference face image to a non-makeup face. Existing literature leverage the adversarial loss so that the generated faces are of high quality and realistic as real ones, but are only able to produce fixed outputs. Inspired by recent advances in disentangled representation, in this paper we propose DMT (Disentangled Makeup Transfer), a unified generative adversarial network to achieve different scenarios of makeup transfer. Our model contains an identity encoder as well as a makeup encoder to disentangle the personal identity and the makeup style for arbitrary face images. Based on the outputs of the two encoders, a decoder is employed to reconstruct the original faces. We also apply a discriminator to distinguish real faces from fake ones. As a result, our model can not only transfer the makeup styles from one or more reference face images to a non-makeup face with controllable strength, but also produce various outputs with styles sampled from a prior distribution. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our model is superior to existing literature by generating high-quality results for different scenarios of makeup transfer. 
### 33.High-speed Railway Fastener Detection and Localization System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01141.pdf)
>  Railway transportation is the artery of China's national economy and plays an important role in the development of today's society. Due to the late start of China's railway security inspection technology, the current railway security inspection tasks mainly rely on manual inspection, but the manual inspection efficiency is low, and a lot of manpower and material resources are needed. In this paper, we establish a steel rail fastener detection image dataset, which contains 4,000 rail fastener pictures about 4 types. We use the regional suggestion network to generate the region of interest, extracts the features using the convolutional neural network, and fuses the classifier into the detection network. With online hard sample mining to improve the accuracy of the model, we optimize the Faster RCNN detection framework by reducing the number of regions of interest. Finally, the model accuracy reaches 99% and the speed reaches 35FPS in the deployment environment of TITAN X GPU. 
### 34.Learnable Gated Temporal Shift Module for Deep Video Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01131.pdf)
>  How to efficiently utilize temporal information to recover videos in a consistent way is the main issue for video inpainting problems. Conventional 2D CNNs have achieved good performance on image inpainting but often lead to temporally inconsistent results where frames will flicker when applied to videos (see <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87Vh1HDBjD0&amp;list=PLPoVtv-xp_dL5uckIzz1PKwNjg1yI0I94&amp;index=1);" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 3D CNNs can capture temporal information but are computationally intensive and hard to train. In this paper, we present a novel component termed Learnable Gated Temporal Shift Module (LGTSM) for video inpainting models that could effectively tackle arbitrary video masks without additional parameters from 3D convolutions. LGTSM is designed to let 2D convolutions make use of neighboring frames more efficiently, which is crucial for video inpainting. Specifically, in each layer, LGTSM learns to shift some channels to its temporal neighbors so that 2D convolutions could be enhanced to handle temporal information. Meanwhile, a gated convolution is applied to the layer to identify the masked areas that are poisoning for conventional convolutions. On the FaceForensics and Free-form Video Inpainting (FVI) dataset, our model achieves state-of-the-art results with simply 33% of parameters and inference time. 
### 35.Language2Pose: Natural Language Grounded Pose Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01108.pdf)
>  Generating animations from natural language sentences finds its applications in a a number of domains such as movie script visualization, virtual human animation and, robot motion planning. These sentences can describe different kinds of actions, speeds and direction of these actions, and possibly a target destination. The core modeling challenge in this language-to-pose application is how to map linguistic concepts to motion animations. <br>In this paper, we address this multimodal problem by introducing a neural architecture called Joint Language to Pose (or JL2P), which learns a joint embedding of language and pose. This joint embedding space is learned end-to-end using a curriculum learning approach which emphasizes shorter and easier sequences first before moving to longer and harder ones. We evaluate our proposed model on a publicly available corpus of 3D pose data and human-annotated sentences. Both objective metrics and human judgment evaluation confirm that our proposed approach is able to generate more accurate animations and are deemed visually more representative by humans than other data driven approaches. 
### 36.Nature Inspired Dimensional Reduction Technique for Fast and Invariant Visual Feature Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01102.pdf)
>  Fast and invariant feature extraction is crucial in certain computer vision applications where the computation time is constrained in both training and testing phases of the classifier. In this paper, we propose a nature-inspired dimensionality reduction technique for fast and invariant visual feature extraction. The human brain can exchange the spatial and spectral resolution to reconstruct missing colors in visual perception. The phenomenon is widely used in the printing industry to reduce the number of colors used to print, through a technique, called color dithering. In this work, we adopt a fast error-diffusion color dithering algorithm to reduce the spectral resolution and extract salient features by employing novel Hessian matrix analysis technique, which is then described by a spatial-chromatic histogram. The computation time, descriptor dimensionality and classification performance of the proposed feature are assessed under drastic variances in orientation, viewing angle and illumination of objects comparing with several different state-of-the-art handcrafted and deep-learned features. Extensive experiments on two publicly available object datasets, coil-100 and ALOI carried on both a desktop PC and a Raspberry Pi device show multiple advantages of using the proposed approach, such as the lower computation time, high robustness, and comparable classification accuracy under weakly supervised environment. Further, it showed the capability of operating solely inside a conventional SoC device utilizing a small fraction of the available hardware resources. 
### 37.Multiview Aggregation for Learning Category-Specific Shape Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01085.pdf)
>  We investigate the problem of learning category-specific 3D surface shape reconstruction from a variable number of RGB views of previously unobserved object instances. Most approaches for multiview shape reconstruction operate on sparse shape representations, or assume a fixed number of views. We present a method that can estimate dense 3D shape, and aggregate shape across multiple and varying number of input views. Given a single input view of an object instance, we propose a representation that encodes the dense shape of the visible object surface parts as well as the surface behind line of sight and occluded by the visible surface. When multiple input views are available, the shape representation is designed to be aggregated into a single 3D shape using an inexpesive union operation. We train a 2D CNN to learn to predict this representation from a variable number of views (1 or more). We further aggregate multiview information by using permutation equivariant layers that promote order-agnostic view information exchange at the feature level. Experiments show that our approach is able to produce dense reconstructions of objects, and is able to produce better results as more views are added. 
### 38.DeepTEGINN: Deep Learning Based Tools to Extract Graphs from Images of Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01062.pdf)
>  In the brain, the structure of a network of neurons defines how these neurons implement the computations that underlie the mind and the behavior of animals and humans. Provided that we can describe the network of neurons as a graph, we can employ methods from graph theory to investigate its structure or use cellular automata to mathematically assess its function. Although, software for the analysis of graphs and cellular automata are widely available. Graph extraction from the image of networks of brain cells remains difficult. Nervous tissue is heterogeneous, and differences in anatomy may reflect relevant differences in function. Here we introduce a deep learning based toolbox to extracts graphs from images of brain tissue. This toolbox provides an easy-to-use framework allowing system neuroscientists to generate graphs based on images of brain tissue by combining methods from image processing, deep learning, and graph theory. The goals are to simplify the training and usage of deep learning methods for computer vision and facilitate its integration into graph extraction pipelines. In this way, the toolbox provides an alternative to the required laborious manual process of tracing, sorting and classifying. We expect to democratize the machine learning methods to a wider community of users beyond the computer vision experts and improve the time-efficiency of graph extraction from large brain image datasets, which may lead to further understanding of the human mind. 
### 39.Associative Embedding for Game-Agnostic Team Discrimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01058.pdf)
>  Assigning team labels to players in a sport game is not a trivial task when no prior is known about the visual appearance of each team. Our work builds on a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to learn a descriptor, namely a pixel-wise embedding vector, that is similar for pixels depicting players from the same team, and dissimilar when pixels correspond to distinct teams. The advantage of this idea is that no per-game learning is needed, allowing efficient team discrimination as soon as the game starts. In principle, the approach follows the associative embedding framework introduced in <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1611.05424" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.05424">arXiv:1611.05424</a> to differentiate instances of objects. Our work is however different in that it derives the embeddings from a lightweight segmentation network and, more fundamentally, because it considers the assignment of the same embedding to unconnected pixels, as required by pixels of distinct players from the same team. Excellent results, both in terms of team labelling accuracy and generalization to new games/arenas, have been achieved on panoramic views of a large variety of basketball games involving players interactions and occlusions. This makes our method a good candidate to integrate team separation in many CNN-based sport analytics pipelines. 
### 40.Learning to aggregate feature representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01034.pdf)
>  The Algonauts challenge require to construct an multi-subject encoder of images to brain activity signals. Deep networks such as ResNet-50 and AlexNet trained for image classification are known to produce feature representations along their intermediate stages which closely mimic the visual hierarchy. However the challenges introduced in the Algonauts project, including combining data from multiple subjects, relying on very few similarity data points, solving for various ROIs, and multi-modality, require devising a flexible framework which can efficiently accommodate that. Here we build upon a recent state-of-the-art classification network (SE-ResNeXt-50) and construct an adaptive combination of its intermediate representations. While the pretrained network serves as a backbone of our model, we \emph{learn} how to aggregate feature representations along five stages of the network. During learning, our construction enables to modulate and screen outputs from each stage along the network as governed by the optimized objective. We applied our method to the Algonauts2019 fMRI and MEG challenges. Using the combined fMRI and MEG data, our approach was rated among the leading five for both challenges. Surprisingly we find that for both the lower and higher order areas (EVC and IT) the adaptive aggregation favors features stemming at later stages of the network. 
### 41.Diminishing the Effect of Adversarial Perturbations via Refining Feature Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01023.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are highly vulnerable to adversarial examples, which imposes severe security issues for these state-of-the-art models. Many defense methods have been proposed to mitigate this problem. However, a lot of them depend on modification or additional training of the target model. In this work, we analytically investigate each layer representation of non-perturbed and perturbed images and show the effect of perturbations on each of these representations. Accordingly, a method based on whitening coloring transform is proposed in order to diminish the misrepresentation of any desirable layer caused by adversaries. Our method can be applied to any layer of any arbitrary model without the need of any modification or additional training. Due to the fact that full whitening of the layer representation is not easily differentiable, our proposed method is superbly robust against white-box attacks. Furthermore, we demonstrate the strength of our method against some state-of-the-art black-box attacks such as Carlini-Wagner L2 attack and we show that our method is able to defend against some non-constrained attacks. 
### 42.Symmetry Detection and Classification in Drawings of Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01004.pdf)
>  Symmetry is a key feature observed in nature (from flowers and leaves, to butterflies and birds) and in man-made objects (from paintings and sculptures, to manufactured objects and architectural design). Rotational, translational, and especially reflectional symmetries, are also important in drawings of graphs. Detecting and classifying symmetries can be very useful in algorithms that aim to create symmetric graph drawings and in this paper we present a machine learning approach for these tasks. Specifically, we show that deep neural networks can be used to detect reflectional symmetries with 92% accuracy. We also build a multi-class classifier to distinguish between reflectional horizontal, reflectional vertical, rotational, and translational symmetries. Finally, we make available a collection of images of graph drawings with specific symmetric features that can be used in machine learning systems for training, testing and validation purposes. Our datasets, best trained ML models, source code are available online. 
### 43.Method of diagnosing heart disease based on deep learning ECG signal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01514.pdf)
>  The traditional method of diagnosing heart disease on ECG signal is artificial observation. Some have tried to combine expertise and signal processing to classify ECG signal by heart disease type. However, the currency is not so sufficient that it can be used in medical applications. We develop an algorithm that combines signal processing and deep learning to classify ECG signals into Normal AF other rhythm and noise, which help us solve this problem. It is demonstrated that we can obtain the time-frequency diagram of ECG signal by wavelet transform, and use DNN to classify the time-frequency diagram to find out the heart disease that the signal collector may have. Overall, an accuracy of 94 percent is achieved on the validation set. According to the evaluation criteria of PhysioNet/Computing in Cardiology (CinC) in 2017, the F1 score of this method is 0.957, which is higher than the first place in the competition in 2017. 
### 44.Speaker-independent classification of phonetic segments from raw ultrasound in child speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01413.pdf)
>  Ultrasound tongue imaging (UTI) provides a convenient way to visualize the vocal tract during speech production. UTI is increasingly being used for speech therapy, making it important to develop automatic methods to assist various time-consuming manual tasks currently performed by speech therapists. A key challenge is to generalize the automatic processing of ultrasound tongue images to previously unseen speakers. In this work, we investigate the classification of phonetic segments (tongue shapes) from raw ultrasound recordings under several training scenarios: speaker-dependent, multi-speaker, speaker-independent, and speaker-adapted. We observe that models underperform when applied to data from speakers not seen at training time. However, when provided with minimal additional speaker information, such as the mean ultrasound frame, the models generalize better to unseen speakers. 
### 45.Bayesian Optimization on Large Graphs via a Graph Convolutional Generative Model: Application in Cardiac Model Personalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01406.pdf)
>  Personalization of cardiac models involves the optimization of organ tissue properties that vary spatially over the non-Euclidean geometry model of the heart. To represent the high-dimensional (HD) unknown of tissue properties, most existing works rely on a low-dimensional (LD) partitioning of the geometrical model. While this exploits the geometry of the heart, it is of limited expressiveness to allow partitioning that is small enough for effective optimization. Recently, a variational auto-encoder (VAE) was utilized as a more expressive generative model to embed the HD optimization into the LD latent space. Its Euclidean nature, however, neglects the rich geometrical information in the heart. In this paper, we present a novel graph convolutional VAE to allow generative modeling of non-Euclidean data, and utilize it to embed Bayesian optimization of large graphs into a small latent space. This approach bridges the gap of previous works by introducing an expressive generative model that is able to incorporate the knowledge of spatial proximity and hierarchical compositionality of the underlying geometry. It further allows transferring of the learned features across different geometries, which was not possible with a regular VAE. We demonstrate these benefits of the presented method in synthetic and real data experiments of estimating tissue excitability in a cardiac electrophysiological model. 
### 46.Dual Network Architecture for Few-view CT --Trained on ImageNet Data and Transferred for Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01262.pdf)
>  X-ray computed tomography (CT) reconstructs cross-sectional images from projection data. However, ionizing X-ray radiation associated with CT scanning might induce cancer and genetic damage and raises public concerns, and the reduction of radiation dose has attracted major attention. Few-view CT image reconstruction is an important topic to reduce the radiation dose. Recently, data-driven algorithms have shown great potential to solve the few-view CT problem. In this paper, we develop a dual network architecture (DNA) for reconstructing images directly from sinograms. In the proposed DNA method, a point-based fully-connected layer learns the backprojection process requesting significantly less memory than the prior art and with O(C*N*N_c) parameters where N and N_c denote the dimension of reconstructed images and number of projections respectively. C is an adjustable parameter that can be set as low as 1. Our experimental results demonstrate that DNA produces a competitive performance over the other state-of-the-art methods. Interestingly, natural images can be used to pre-train DNA to avoid overfitting when the amount of real patient images is limited. 
### 47.Kite: Automatic speech recognition for unmanned aerial vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01195.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of building a speech recognition system attuned to the control of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Even though UAVs are becoming widespread, the task of creating voice interfaces for them is largely unaddressed. To this end, we introduce a multi-modal evaluation dataset for UAV control, consisting of spoken commands and associated images, which represent the visual context of what the UAV "sees" when the pilot utters the command. We provide baseline results and address two research directions: (i) how robust the language models are, given an incomplete list of commands at train time; (ii) how to incorporate visual information in the language model. We find that recurrent neural networks (RNNs) are a solution to both tasks: they can be successfully adapted using a small number of commands and they can be extended to use visual cues. Our results show that the image-based RNN outperforms its text-only counterpart even if the command-image training associations are automatically generated and inherently imperfect. The dataset and our code are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://kite.speed.pub.ro" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 48.Robust Tensor Completion Using Transformed Tensor SVD  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01113.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study robust tensor completion by using transformed tensor singular value decomposition (SVD), which employs unitary transform matrices instead of discrete Fourier transform matrix that is used in the traditional tensor SVD. The main motivation is that a lower tubal rank tensor can be obtained by using other unitary transform matrices than that by using discrete Fourier transform matrix. This would be more effective for robust tensor completion. Experimental results for hyperspectral, video and face datasets have shown that the recovery performance for the robust tensor completion problem by using transformed tensor SVD is better in PSNR than that by using Fourier transform and other robust tensor completion methods. 
### 49.Accurate, reliable and fast robustness evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.01003.pdf)
>  Throughout the past five years, the susceptibility of neural networks to minimal adversarial perturbations has moved from a peculiar phenomenon to a core issue in Deep Learning. Despite much attention, however, progress towards more robust models is significantly impaired by the difficulty of evaluating the robustness of neural network models. Today's methods are either fast but brittle (gradient-based attacks), or they are fairly reliable but slow (score- and decision-based attacks). We here develop a new set of gradient-based adversarial attacks which (a) are more reliable in the face of gradient-masking than other gradient-based attacks, (b) perform better and are more query efficient than current state-of-the-art gradient-based attacks, (c) can be flexibly adapted to a wide range of adversarial criteria and (d) require virtually no hyperparameter tuning. These findings are carefully validated across a diverse set of six different models and hold for L2 and L_infinity in both targeted as well as untargeted scenarios. Implementations will be made available in all major toolboxes (Foolbox, CleverHans and ART). Furthermore, we will soon add additional content and experiments, including L0 and L1 versions of our attack as well as additional comparisons to other L2 and L_infinity attacks. We hope that this class of attacks will make robustness evaluations easier and more reliable, thus contributing to more signal in the search for more robust machine learning models. 
