# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 22 Jul 2019
### 1.Predicting Visual Memory Schemas with Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08514.pdf)
>  Visual memory schema (VMS) maps show which regions of an image cause that image to be remembered or falsely remembered. Previous work has succeeded in generating low resolution VMS maps using convolutional neural networks. We instead approach this problem as an image-to-image translation task making use of a variational autoencoder. This approach allows us to generate higher resolution dual channel images that represent visual memory schemas, allowing us to evaluate predicted true memorability and false memorability separately. We also evaluate the relationship between VMS maps, predicted VMS maps, ground truth memorability scores, and predicted memorability scores. 
### 2.Matrix cofactorization for joint spatial-spectral unmixing of hyperspectral images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08511.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral unmixing aims at identifying a set of elementary spectra and the corresponding mixture coefficients for each pixel of an image. As the elementary spectra correspond to the reflectance spectra of real materials, they are often very correlated yielding an ill-conditioned problem. To enrich the model and to reduce ambiguity due to the high correlation, it is common to introduce spatial information to complement the spectral information. The most common way to introduce spatial information is to rely on a spatial regularization of the abundance maps. In this paper, instead of considering a simple but limited regularization process, spatial information is directly incorporated through the newly proposed context of spatial unmixing. Contextual features are extracted for each pixel and this additional set of observations is decomposed according to a linear model. Finally the spatial and spectral observations are unmixed jointly through a cofactorization model. In particular, this model introduces a coupling term used to identify clusters of shared spatial and spectral signatures. An evaluation of the proposed method is conducted on synthetic and real data and shows that results are accurate and also very meaningful since they describe both spatially and spectrally the various areas of the scene. 
### 3.Fast and robust detection of solar modules in electroluminescence images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08451.pdf)
>  Fast, non-destructive and on-site quality control tools, mainly high sensitive imaging techniques, are important to assess the reliability of photovoltaic plants. To minimize the risk of further damages and electrical yield losses, electroluminescence (EL) imaging is used to detect local defects in an early stage, which might cause future electric losses. For an automated defect recognition on EL measurements, a robust detection and rectification of modules, as well as an optional segmentation into cells is required. This paper introduces a method to detect solar modules and crossing points between solar cells in EL images. We only require 1-D image statistics for the detection, resulting in an approach that is computationally efficient. In addition, the method is able to detect the modules under perspective distortion and in scenarios, where multiple modules are visible in the image. We compare our method to the state of the art and show that it is superior in presence of perspective distortion while the performance on images, where the module is roughly coplanar to the detector, is similar to the reference method. Finally, we show that we greatly improve in terms of computational time in comparison to the reference method. 
### 4.Interaction-and-Aggregation Network for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08435.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (reID) benefits greatly from deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) which learn robust feature embeddings. However, CNNs are inherently limited in modeling the large variations in person pose and scale due to their fixed geometric structures. In this paper, we propose a novel network structure, Interaction-and-Aggregation (IA), to enhance the feature representation capability of CNNs. Firstly, Spatial IA (SIA) module is introduced. It models the interdependencies between spatial features and then aggregates the correlated features corresponding to the same body parts. Unlike CNNs which extract features from fixed rectangle regions, SIA can adaptively determine the receptive fields according to the input person pose and scale. Secondly, we introduce Channel IA (CIA) module which selectively aggregates channel features to enhance the feature representation, especially for smallscale visual cues. Further, IA network can be constructed by inserting IA blocks into CNNs at any depth. We validate the effectiveness of our model for person reID by demonstrating its superiority over state-of-the-art methods on three benchmark datasets. 
### 5.VRSTC: Occlusion-Free Video Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08427.pdf)
>  Video person re-identification (re-ID) plays an important role in surveillance video analysis. However, the performance of video re-ID degenerates severely under partial occlusion. In this paper, we propose a novel network, called Spatio-Temporal Completion network (STCnet), to explicitly handle partial occlusion problem. Different from most previous works that discard the occluded frames, STCnet can recover the appearance of the occluded parts. For one thing, the spatial structure of a pedestrian frame can be used to predict the occluded body parts from the unoccluded body parts of this frame. For another, the temporal patterns of pedestrian sequence provide important clues to generate the contents of occluded parts. With the Spatio-temporal information, STCnet can recover the appearance for the occluded parts, which could be leveraged with those unoccluded parts for more accurate video re-ID. By combining a re-ID network with STCnet, a video re-ID framework robust to partial occlusion (VRSTC) is proposed. Experiments on three challenging video re-ID databases demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art. 
### 6.Only Time Can Tell: Discovering Temporal Data for Temporal Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08340.pdf)
>  Understanding temporal information and how the visual world changes over time is a fundamental ability of intelligent systems. In video understanding, temporal information is at the core of many current challenges, including compression, efficient inference, motion estimation or summarization. However, in current video datasets it has been observed that action classes can often be recognized without any temporal information from a single frame of video. As a result, both benchmarking and training in these datasets may give an unintentional advantage to models with strong image understanding capabilities, as opposed to those with strong temporal understanding. In this paper we address this problem head on by identifying action classes where temporal information is actually necessary to recognize them and call these "temporal classes". Selecting temporal classes using a computational method would bias the process. Instead, we propose a methodology based on a simple and effective human annotation experiment. We remove just the temporal information by shuffling frames in time and measure if the action can still be recognized. Classes that cannot be recognized when frames are not in order are included in the temporal Dataset. We observe that this set is statistically different from other static classes, and that performance in it correlates with a network's ability to capture temporal information. Thus we use it as a benchmark on current popular networks, which reveals a series of interesting facts. We also explore the effect of training on the temporal dataset, and observe that this leads to better generalization in unseen classes, demonstrating the need for more temporal data. We hope that the proposed dataset of temporal categories will help guide future research in temporal modeling for better video understanding. 
### 7.Temporally Coherent General Dynamic Scene Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08195.pdf)
>  Existing techniques for dynamic scene reconstruction from multiple wide-baseline cameras primarily focus on reconstruction in controlled environments, with fixed calibrated cameras and strong prior constraints. This paper introduces a general approach to obtain a 4D representation of complex dynamic scenes from multi-view wide-baseline static or moving cameras without prior knowledge of the scene structure, appearance, or illumination. Contributions of the work are: An automatic method for initial coarse reconstruction to initialize joint estimation; Sparse-to-dense temporal correspondence integrated with joint multi-view segmentation and reconstruction to introduce temporal coherence; and a general robust approach for joint segmentation refinement and dense reconstruction of dynamic scenes by introducing shape constraint. Comparison with state-of-the-art approaches on a variety of complex indoor and outdoor scenes, demonstrates improved accuracy in both multi-view segmentation and dense reconstruction. This paper demonstrates unsupervised reconstruction of complete temporally coherent 4D scene models with improved non-rigid object segmentation and shape reconstruction and its application to free-viewpoint rendering and virtual reality. 
### 8.Medical Imaging with Deep Learning: MIDL 2019 -- Abstract Track  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08612.pdf)
>  This compendium gathers all the accepted abstracts from the Second International Conference on Medical Imaging with Deep Learning (MIDL 2019), held in London, UK, 8-10 July 2019. Note that only accepted abstracts are listed here, the Proceedings of the MIDL 2019 Full Paper Track are published as Volume 102 of the Proceedings of Machine Learning Research (PMLR) http://proceedings.mlr.press/v102/. 
### 9.Generating fMRI volumes from T1-weighted volumes using 3D CycleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08533.pdf)
>  Registration between an fMRI volume and a T1-weighted volume is challenging, since fMRI volumes contain geometric distortions. Here we present preliminary results showing that 3D CycleGAN can be used to synthesize fMRI volumes from T1-weighted volumes, and vice versa, which can facilitate registration. 
### 10.Deep Graph-Convolutional Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08448.pdf)
>  Non-local self-similarity is well-known to be an effective prior for the image denoising problem. However, little work has been done to incorporate it in convolutional neural networks, which surpass non-local model-based methods despite only exploiting local information. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end trainable neural network architecture employing layers based on graph convolution operations, thereby creating neurons with non-local receptive fields. The graph convolution operation generalizes the classic convolution to arbitrary graphs. In this work, the graph is dynamically computed from similarities among the hidden features of the network, so that the powerful representation learning capabilities of the network are exploited to uncover self-similar patterns. We introduce a lightweight Edge-Conditioned Convolution which addresses vanishing gradient and over-parameterization issues of this particular graph convolution. Extensive experiments show state-of-the-art performance with improved qualitative and quantitative results on both synthetic Gaussian noise and real noise. 
### 11.Robust Real-time RGB-D Visual Odometry in Dynamic Environments via Rigid Motion Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08388.pdf)
>  In the paper, we propose a robust real-time visual odometry in dynamic environments via rigid-motion model updated by scene flow. The proposed algorithm consists of spatial motion segmentation and temporal motion tracking. The spatial segmentation first generates several motion hypotheses by using a grid-based scene flow and clusters the extracted motion hypotheses, separating objects that move independently of one another. Further, we use a dual-mode motion model to consistently distinguish between the static and dynamic parts in the temporal motion tracking stage. Finally, the proposed algorithm estimates the pose of a camera by taking advantage of the region classified as static parts. In order to evaluate the performance of visual odometry under the existence of dynamic rigid objects, we use self-collected dataset containing RGB-D images and motion capture data for ground-truth. We compare our algorithm with state-of-the-art visual odometry algorithms. The validation results suggest that the proposed algorithm can estimate the pose of a camera robustly and accurately in dynamic environments. 
### 12.A multiscale Laplacian of Gaussian (LoG) filtering approach to pulmonary nodule detection from whole-lung CT scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08328.pdf)
>  Candidate generation, the first stage for most computer aided detection (CAD) systems, rapidly scans the entire image data for any possible abnormality locations, while the subsequent stages of the CAD system refine the candidates list to determine the most probable or significant of these candidates. The candidate generator creates a list of the locations and provides a size estimate for each candidate. A multiscale scale-normalized Laplacian of Gaussian (LoG) filtering method for detecting pulmonary nodules in whole-lung CT scans, presented in this paper, achieves a high sensitivity for both solid and nonsolid pulmonary nodules. The pulmonary nodule LoG filtering method was validated on a size-enriched database of 706 whole-lung low-dose CT scans containing 499 solid (&gt;= 4 mm) and 107 nonsolid (&gt;= 6 mm) pulmonary nodules. The method achieved a sensitivity of 0.998 (498/499) for solid nodules and a sensitivity of 1.000 (107/107) for nonsolid nodules. Furthermore, compared to radiologist measurements, the method provided low average nodule size estimation error of 0.12 mm for solid and 1.27 mm for nonsolid nodules. The average distance between automatically and manually determined nodule centroids were 1.41 mm and 1.43 mm, respectively. 
### 13.Multi-Task Regression-based Learning for Autonomous Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Flight Control within Unstructured Outdoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08320.pdf)
>  Increased growth in the global Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) (drone) industry has expanded possibilities for fully autonomous UAV applications. A particular application which has in part motivated this research is the use of UAV in wide area search and surveillance operations in unstructured outdoor environments. The critical issue with such environments is the lack of structured features that could aid in autonomous flight, such as road lines or paths. In this paper, we propose an End-to-End Multi-Task Regression-based Learning approach capable of defining flight commands for navigation and exploration under the forest canopy, regardless of the presence of trails or additional sensors (i.e. GPS). Training and testing are performed using a software in the loop pipeline which allows for a detailed evaluation against state-of-the-art pose estimation techniques. Our extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach excels in performing dense exploration within the required search perimeter, is capable of covering wider search regions, generalises to previously unseen and unexplored environments and outperforms contemporary state-of-the-art techniques. 
### 14.Deep Perceptual Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08310.pdf)
>  Several deep learned lossy compression techniques have been proposed in the recent literature. Most of these are optimized by using either MS-SSIM (multi-scale structural similarity) or MSE (mean squared error) as a loss function. Unfortunately, neither of these correlate well with human perception and this is clearly visible from the resulting compressed images. In several cases, the MS-SSIM for deep learned techniques is higher than say a conventional, non-deep learned codec such as JPEG-2000 or BPG. However, the images produced by these deep learned techniques are in many cases clearly worse to human eyes than those produced by JPEG-2000 or BPG. <br>We propose the use of an alternative, deep perceptual metric, which has been shown to align better with human perceptual similarity. We then propose Deep Perceptual Compression (DPC) which makes use of an encoder-decoder based image compression model to jointly optimize on the deep perceptual metric and MS-SSIM. Via extensive human evaluations, we show that the proposed method generates visually better results than previous learning based compression methods and JPEG-2000, and is comparable to BPG. Furthermore, we demonstrate that for tasks like object-detection, images compressed with DPC give better accuracy. 
### 15.XferNAS: Transfer Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08307.pdf)
>  The term Neural Architecture Search (NAS) refers to the automatic optimization of network architectures for a new, previously unknown task. Since testing an architecture is computationally very expensive, many optimizers need days or even weeks to find suitable architectures. However, this search time can be significantly reduced if knowledge from previous searches on different tasks is reused. In this work, we propose a generally applicable framework that introduces only minor changes to existing optimizers to leverage this feature. As an example, we select an existing optimizer and demonstrate the complexity of the integration of the framework as well as its impact. In experiments on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100, we observe a reduction in the search time from 200 to only 6 GPU days, a speed up by a factor of 33. In addition, we observe new records of 1.99 and 14.06 for NAS optimizers on the CIFAR benchmarks, respectively. In a separate study, we analyze the impact of the amount of source and target data. Empirically, we demonstrate that the proposed framework generally gives better results and, in the worst case, is just as good as the unmodified optimizer. 
### 16.Fully-automated deep learning-powered system for DCE-MRI analysis of brain tumors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08303.pdf)
>  Dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (DCE-MRI) plays an important role in diagnosis and grading of brain tumor. Although manual DCE biomarker extraction algorithms boost the diagnostic yield of DCE-MRI by providing quantitative information on tumor prognosis and prediction, they are time-consuming and prone to human error. In this paper, we propose a fully-automated, end-to-end system for DCE-MRI analysis of brain tumors. Our deep learning-powered technique does not require any user interaction, it yields reproducible results, and it is rigorously validated against benchmark (BraTS'17 for tumor segmentation, and a test dataset released by the Quantitative Imaging Biomarkers Alliance for the contrast-concentration fitting) and clinical (44 low-grade glioma patients) data. Also, we introduce a cubic model of the vascular input function used for pharmacokinetic modeling which significantly decreases the fitting error when compared with the state of the art, alongside a real-time algorithm for determination of the vascular input region. An extensive experimental study, backed up with statistical tests, showed that our system delivers state-of-the-art results (in terms of segmentation accuracy and contrast-concentration fitting) while requiring less than 3 minutes to process an entire input DCE-MRI study using a single GPU. 
### 17.Exact Recovery of Tensor Robust Principal Component Analysis under Linear Transforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08288.pdf)
>  This work studies the Tensor Robust Principal Component Analysis (TRPCA) problem, which aims to exactly recover the low-rank and sparse components from their sum. Our model is motivated by the recently proposed linear transforms based tensor-tensor product and tensor SVD. We define a new transforms depended tensor rank and the corresponding tensor nuclear norm. Then we solve the TRPCA problem by convex optimization whose objective is a weighted combination of the new tensor nuclear norm and the $\ell_1$-norm. In theory, we show that under certain incoherence conditions, the convex program exactly recovers the underlying low-rank and sparse components. It is of great interest that our new TRPCA model generalizes existing works. In particular, if the studied tensor reduces to a matrix, our TRPCA model reduces to the known matrix RPCA. Our new TRPCA which is allowed to use general linear transforms can be regarded as an extension of our former TRPCA work which uses the discrete Fourier transform. But their proof of the recovery guarantee is different. Numerical experiments verify our results and the application on image recovery demonstrates the superiority of our method. 
### 18.Dynamical Distance Learning for Unsupervised and Semi-Supervised Skill Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08225.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning requires manual specification of a reward function to learn a task. While in principle this reward function only needs to specify the task goal, in practice reinforcement learning can be very time-consuming or even infeasible unless the reward function is shaped so as to provide a smooth gradient towards a successful outcome. This shaping is difficult to specify by hand, particularly when the task is learned from raw observations, such as images. In this paper, we study how we can automatically learn dynamical distances: a measure of the expected number of time steps to reach a given goal state from any other state. These dynamical distances can be used to provide well-shaped reward functions for reaching new goals, making it possible to learn complex tasks efficiently. We also show that dynamical distances can be used in a semi-supervised regime, where unsupervised interaction with the environment is used to learn the dynamical distances, while a small amount of preference supervision is used to determine the task goal, without any manually engineered reward function or goal examples. We evaluate our method both in simulation and on a real-world robot. We show that our method can learn locomotion skills in simulation without any supervision. We also show that it can learn to turn a valve with a real-world 9-DoF hand, using raw image observations and ten preference labels, without any other supervision. Videos of the learned skills can be found on the project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/skills-via-distance-learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 19.Exploiting bilateral symmetry in brain lesion segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.08196.pdf)
>  Brain lesions, including stroke and tumours, have a high degree of variability in terms of location, size, intensity and form, making automatic segmentation difficult. We propose an improvement to existing segmentation methods by exploiting the bilateral quasi-symmetry of healthy brains, which breaks down when lesions are present. Specifically, we use nonlinear registration of a neuroimage to a reflected version of itself ("reflective registration") to determine for each voxel its homologous (corresponding) voxel in the other hemisphere. A patch around the homologous voxel is added as a set of new features to the segmentation algorithm. To evaluate this method, we implemented two different CNN-based multimodal MRI stroke lesion segmentation algorithms, and then augmented them by adding extra symmetry features using the reflective registration method described above. For each architecture, we compared the performance with and without symmetry augmentation, on the SISS Training dataset of the Ischemic Stroke Lesion Segmentation Challenge (ISLES) 2015 challenge. Using affine reflective registration improves performance over baseline, but nonlinear reflective registration gives significantly better results: an improvement in Dice coefficient of 13 percentage points over baseline for one architecture and 9 points for the other. We argue for the broad applicability of adding symmetric features to existing segmentation algorithms, specifically using nonlinear, template-free methods. 
