# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 16 Jul 2019
### 1.Multi-scale Graph-based Grading for Alzheimer's Disease Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06625.pdf)
>  The prediction of subjects with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) who will progress to Alzheimer's disease (AD) is clinically relevant, and may above all have a significant impact on accelerate the development of new treatments. In this paper, we present a new MRI-based biomarker that enables us to predict conversion of MCI subjects to AD accurately. In order to better capture the AD signature, we introduce two main contributions. First, we present a new graph-based grading framework to combine inter-subject similarity features and intra-subject variability features. This framework involves patch-based grading of anatomical structures and graph-based modeling of structure alteration relationships. Second, we propose an innovative multiscale brain analysis to capture alterations caused by AD at different anatomical levels. Based on a cascade of classifiers, this multiscale approach enables the analysis of alterations of whole brain structures and hippocampus subfields at the same time. During our experiments using the ADNI-1 dataset, the proposed multiscale graph-based grading method obtained an area under the curve (AUC) of 81% to predict conversion of MCI subjects to AD within three years. Moreover, when combined with cognitive scores, the proposed method obtained 85% of AUC. These results are competitive in comparison to state-of-the-art methods evaluated on the same dataset. 
### 2.Efficient Video Generation on Complex Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06571.pdf)
>  Generative models of natural images have progressed towards high fidelity samples by the strong leveraging of scale. We attempt to carry this success to the field of video modeling by showing that large Generative Adversarial Networks trained on the complex Kinetics-600 dataset are able to produce video samples of substantially higher complexity than previous work. Our proposed network, Dual Video Discriminator GAN (DVD-GAN), scales to longer and higher resolution videos by leveraging a computationally efficient decomposition of its discriminator. We evaluate on the related tasks of video synthesis and video prediction, and achieve new state of the art Frechet Inception Distance on prediction for Kinetics-600, as well as state of the art Inception Score for synthesis on the UCF-101 dataset, alongside establishing a number of strong baselines on Kinetics-600. 
### 3.Recovery Guarantees for Compressible Signals with Adversarial Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06565.pdf)
>  We provide recovery guarantees for compressible signals that have been corrupted with noise and extend the framework introduced in [1] to defend neural networks against $\ell_0$-norm and $\ell_2$-norm attacks. Concretely, for a signal that is approximately sparse in some transform domain and has been perturbed with noise, we provide guarantees for accurately recovering the signal in the transform domain. We can then use the recovered signal to reconstruct the signal in its original domain while largely removing the noise. Our results are general as they can be directly applied to most unitary transforms used in practice and hold for both $\ell_0$-norm bounded noise and $\ell_2$-norm bounded noise. In the case of $\ell_0$-norm bounded noise, we prove recovery guarantees for Iterative Hard Thresholding (IHT) and Basis Pursuit (BP). For the case of $\ell_2$-norm bounded noise, we provide recovery guarantees for BP. These guarantees theoretically bolster the defense framework introduced in [1] for defending neural networks against adversarial inputs. Finally, we experimentally demonstrate this defense framework using both IHT and BP against the One Pixel Attack [21], Carlini-Wagner $\ell_0$ and $\ell_2$ attacks [3], Jacobian Saliency Based attack [18], and the DeepFool attack [17] on CIFAR-10 [12], MNIST [13], and Fashion-MNIST [27] datasets. This expands beyond the experimental demonstrations of [1]. 
### 4.Detecting and Simulating Artifacts in GAN Fake Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06515.pdf)
>  To detect GAN generated images, conventional supervised machine learning algorithms require collection of a number of real and fake images from the targeted GAN model. However, the specific model used by the attacker is often unavailable. To address this, we propose a GAN simulator, AutoGAN, which can simulate the artifacts produced by the common pipeline shared by several popular GAN models. Additionally, we identify a unique artifact caused by the up-sampling component included in the common GAN pipeline. We show theoretically such artifacts are manifested as replications of spectra in the frequency domain and thus propose a classifier model based on the spectrum input, rather than the pixel input. By using the simulated images to train a spectrum based classifier, even without seeing the fake images produced by the targeted GAN model during training, our approach achieves state-of-the-art performances on detecting fake images generated by popular GAN models such as CycleGAN. 
### 5.An Efficient Framework for Visible-Infrared Cross Modality Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06498.pdf)
>  Visible-infrared cross modality person re-identification (VI-ReId) is an important task for video surveillance in poorly illuminated or dark environments. Despite many recent studies on person re-identification in visible domain (ReId), there are few studies dealing with VI-ReId. Besides challenges that are common for both ReId and VI-ReId such as pose/illumination variations, background clutter and occlusion, VI-ReId has additional challenges as color information is not available in infrared images. As a result, the performance of VI-ReId systems is typically lower than ReId systems. In this work, we propose a 4-stream framework to improve VI-ReId performance. We train a separate deep convolutional neural network in each stream using different representations of input images. We expect that different and complementary features can be learned from each stream. In our framework, grayscale and infrared input images are used to train the ResNet in the first stream. In the second stream, RGB and 3-channel infrared images (created by repeating infrared channel) are used. In the remaining two streams, we use local pattern maps as input images. These maps are generated utilizing local Zernike moments transformation. Local pattern maps are obtained from grayscale and infrared images in the 3rd stream and from RGB and 3-channel infrared images in the last stream. We improve the performance of the proposed framework by employing a re-ranking algorithm for post processing. Our results indicate that the proposed framework outperforms current state-of-the-art on SYSU-MM01 dataset with large margin by improving Rank-1/mAP by 34.2%/37.9% and 37.4%/34.8% under all-search and indoor-search modes, respectively. 
### 6.Color Cerberus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06483.pdf)
>  Simple convolutional neural network was able to win ISISPA color constancy competition. Partial reimplementation of (Bianco, 2017) neural architecture would have shown even better results in this setup. 
### 7.Quick, Stat!: A Statistical Analysis of the Quick, Draw! Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06417.pdf)
>  The Quick, Draw! Dataset is a Google dataset with a collection of 50 million drawings, divided in 345 categories, collected from the users of the game Quick, Draw!. In contrast with most of the existing image datasets, in the Quick, Draw! Dataset, drawings are stored as time series of pencil positions instead of a bitmap matrix composed by pixels. This aspect makes this dataset the largest doodle dataset available at the time. The Quick, Draw! Dataset is presented as a great opportunity to researchers for developing and studying machine learning techniques. Due to the size of this dataset and the nature of its source, there is a scarce of information about the quality of the drawings contained. In this paper, a statistical analysis of three of the classes contained in the Quick, Draw! Dataset is depicted: mountain, book and whale. The goal is to give to the reader a first impression of the data collected in this dataset. For the analysis of the quality of the drawings, a Classification Neural Network was trained to obtain a classification score. Using this classification score and the parameters provided by the dataset, a statistical analysis of the quality and nature of the drawings contained in this dataset is provided. 
### 8.Improving the Harmony of the Composite Image by Spatial-Separated Attention Module  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06406.pdf)
>  Image composition is one of the most important applications in image processing. However, the inharmonious appearance between the spliced region and background degrade the quality of the image. Thus, we address the problem of Image Harmonization: Given a spliced image and the mask of the spliced region, we try to harmonize the "style'' of the pasted region with the background (non-spliced region). Previous approaches have been focusing on learning directly by the neural network. In this work, we start from an empirical observation: the differences can only be found in the spliced region between the spliced image and the harmonized result while they share the same semantic information and the appearance in the non-spliced region. Thus, in order to learn the feature map in the masked region and the others individually, we propose a novel attention module named Spatial-Separated Attention Module (S2AM). Furthermore, we design a novel image harmonization framework by inserting the S2AM in the coarser low-level features of the Unet structure in two different ways. Besides image harmonization, we make a big step for harmonizing the composite image without the specific mask under previous observation. The experiments show that the proposed S2AM performs better than other state-of-the-art attention modules in our task. Moreover, we demonstrate the advantages of our model against other state-of-the-art image harmonization methods via criteria from multiple points of view. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vinthony/s2am" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 9.Sequence Level Semantics Aggregation for Video Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06390.pdf)
>  Video objection detection (VID) has been a rising research direction in recent years. A central issue of VID is the appearance degradation of video frames caused by fast motion. This problem is essentially ill-posed for a single frame. Therefore, aggregating useful features from other frames becomes a natural choice. Existing methods heavily rely on optical flow or recurrent neural networks for feature aggregation. However, these methods emphasize more on the temporal nearby frames. In this work, we argue that aggregating features in the whole sequence level will lead to more discriminative and robust features for video object detection. To achieve this goal, we devise a novel Sequence Level Semantics Aggregation (SELSA) module. We further demonstrate that the proposed method has a close relationship with the classical spectral clustering methods, thus providing a novel view to understand the VID problem. Lastly, we test our proposed method on the large-scale ImageNet VID dataset and EPIC KITCHENS dataset and archive new state-of-the-art results compared with previous works. Moreover, to achieve such superior performance, we do not need other complicated post-processing methods such as Seq-NMS or Tubelet rescoring as in previous works, which keeps our pipeline simple and clean. 
### 10.Mitigating the Hubness Problem for Zero-Shot Learning of 3D Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06371.pdf)
>  The development of advanced 3D sensors has enabled many objects to be captured in the wild at a large scale, and a 3D object recognition system may therefore encounter many objects for which the system has received no training. Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL) approaches can assist such systems in recognizing previously unseen objects. Applying ZSL to 3D point cloud objects is an emerging topic in the area of 3D vision, however, a significant problem that ZSL often suffers from is the so-called hubness problem, which is when a model is biased to predict only a few particular labels for most of the test instances. We observe that this hubness problem is even more severe for 3D recognition than for 2D recognition. One reason for this is that in 2D one can use pre-trained networks trained on large datasets like ImageNet, which produces high-quality features. However, in the 3D case there are no such large-scale, labelled datasets available for pre-training which means that the extracted 3D features are of poorer quality which, in turn, exacerbates the hubness problem. In this paper, we therefore propose a loss to specifically address the hubness problem. Our proposed method is effective for both Zero-Shot and Generalized Zero-Shot Learning, and we perform extensive evaluations on the challenging datasets ModelNet40, ModelNet10, McGill and SHREC2015. A new state-of-the-art result for both zero-shot tasks in the 3D case is established. 
### 11.Multimodal deep networks for text and image-based document classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06370.pdf)
>  Classification of document images is a critical step for archival of old manuscripts, online subscription and administrative procedures. Computer vision and deep learning have been suggested as a first solution to classify documents based on their visual appearance. However, achieving the fine-grained classification that is required in real-world setting cannot be achieved by visual analysis alone. Often, the relevant information is in the actual text content of the document. We design a multimodal neural network that is able to learn from word embeddings, computed on text extracted by OCR, and from the image. We show that this approach boosts pure image accuracy by 3% on Tobacco3482 and RVL-CDIP augmented by our new QS-OCR text dataset (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Quicksign/ocrized-text-dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>), even without clean text information. 
### 12.CA-RefineNet:A Dual Input WSI Image Segmentation Algorithm Based on Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06358.pdf)
>  Due to the high resolution of pathological images, the automated semantic segmentation in the medical pathological images has shown greater challenges than that in natural images. Sliding Window method has shown its effect on solving problem caused by the high resolution of whole slide images (WSI). However, owing to its localization, Sliding Window method also suffers from being lack of global information. In this paper, a dual input semantic segmentation network based on attention is proposed, in which, one input provides small-scale fine information, the other input provides large-scale coarse information. Compared with single input methods, our method CA-RefineNet exhibits a dramatic performance improvement on ICIAR2018 breast cancer segmentation task. 
### 13.FastV2C-HandNet: Fast Voxel to Coordinate Hand Pose Estimation with 3D Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06327.pdf)
>  Hand pose estimation from monocular depth images has been an important and challenging problem in the Computer Vision community. In this paper, we present a novel approach to estimate 3D hand joint locations from 2D depth images. Unlike most of the previous methods, our model captures the 3D spatial information from a depth image thereby giving it a greater understanding of the input. We voxelize the input depth map to capture the 3D features of the input and perform 3D data augmentations to make our network robust to real-world images. Our network is trained in an end-to-end manner which reduces time and space complexity significantly when compared to other methods. Through extensive experiments, we show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art methods with respect to the time it takes to train and predict 3D hand joint locations. This makes our method more suitable for real-world hand pose estimation scenarios. 
### 14.Enabling Multi-Shell b-Value Generalizability of Data-Driven Diffusion Models with Deep SHORE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06319.pdf)
>  Abstract. Intra-voxel models of the diffusion signal are essential for interpreting organization of the tissue environment at micrometer level with data at millimeter resolution. Recent advances in data driven methods have enabled direct compari-son and optimization of methods for in-vivo data with externally validated histological sections with both 2-D and 3-D histology. Yet, all existing methods make limiting assumptions of either (1) model-based linkages between b-values or (2) limited associations with single shell data. We generalize prior deep learning models that used single shell spherical harmonic transforms to integrate the re-cently developed simple harmonic oscillator reconstruction (SHORE) basis. To enable learning on the SHORE manifold, we present an alternative formulation of the fiber orientation distribution (FOD) object using the SHORE basis while rep-resenting the observed diffusion weighted data in the SHORE basis. To ensure consistency of hyper-parameter optimization for SHORE, we present our Deep SHORE approach to learn on a data-optimized manifold. Deep SHORE is evalu-ated with eight-fold cross-validation of a preclinical MRI-histology data with four b-values. Generalizability of in-vivo human data is evaluated on two separate 3T MRI scanners. Specificity in terms of angular correlation (ACC) with the preclinical data improved on single shell: 0.78 relative to 0.73 and 0.73, multi-shell: 0.80 relative to 0.74 (p &lt; 0.001). In the in-vivo human data, Deep SHORE was more consistent across scanners with 0.63 relative to other multi-shell methods 0.39, 0.52 and 0.57 in terms of ACC. In conclusion, Deep SHORE is a promising method to enable data driven learning with DW-MRI under conditions with varying b-values, number of diffusion shells, and gradient directions per shell. 
### 15.Perceptually Motivated Method for Image Inpainting Comparison  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06296.pdf)
>  The field of automatic image inpainting has progressed rapidly in recent years, but no one has yet proposed a standard method of evaluating algorithms. This absence is due to the problem's challenging nature: image-inpainting algorithms strive for realism in the resulting images, but realism is a subjective concept intrinsic to human perception. Existing objective image-quality metrics provide a poor approximation of what humans consider more or less realistic. <br>To improve the situation and to better organize both prior and future research in this field, we conducted a subjective comparison of nine state-of-the-art inpainting algorithms and propose objective quality metrics that exhibit high correlation with the results of our comparison. 
### 16.State Estimation in Visual Inertial Autonomous Helicopter Landing Using Optimisation on Manifold  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06247.pdf)
>  Autonomous helicopter landing is a challenging task that requires precise information about the aircraft states regarding the helicopters position, attitude, as well as position of the helipad. To this end, we propose a solution that fuses data from an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) and a monocular camera which is capable of detecting helipads position in the image plane. The algorithm utilises manifold based nonlinear optimisation over preintegrated IMU measurements and reprojection error in temporally uniformly distributed keyframes, exhibiting good performance in terms of accuracy and being computationally feasible. Our contributions of this paper are the formal address of the landmarks Jacobian expressions and the adaptation of equality constrained Gauss-Newton method to this specific problem. Numerical simulations on MATLAB/Simulink confirm the validity of given claims. 
### 17.Unsupervised Automatic Building Extraction Using Active Contour Model on Unregistered Optical Imagery and Airborne LiDAR Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06206.pdf)
>  Automatic extraction of buildings in urban scenes has become a subject of growing interest in the domain of photogrammetry and remote sensing, particularly with the emergence of LiDAR systems since mid-1990s. However, in reality, this task is still very challenging due to the complexity of building size and shapes, as well as its surrounding environment. Active contour model, colloquially called snake model, which has been extensively used in many applications in computer vision and image processing, is also applied to extract buildings from aerial/satellite imagery. Motivated by the limitations of existing snake models addressing to the building extraction, this paper presents an unsupervised and fully automatic snake model to extract buildings using optical imagery and an unregistered airborne LiDAR dataset, without manual initial points or training data. The proposed method is shown to be capable of extracting buildings with varying color from complex environments, and yielding high overall accuracy. 
### 18.FoodX-251: A Dataset for Fine-grained Food Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06167.pdf)
>  Food classification is a challenging problem due to the large number of categories, high visual similarity between different foods, as well as the lack of datasets for training state-of-the-art deep models. Solving this problem will require advances in both computer vision models as well as datasets for evaluating these models. In this paper we focus on the second aspect and introduce FoodX-251, a dataset of 251 fine-grained food categories with 158k images collected from the web. We use 118k images as a training set and provide human verified labels for 40k images that can be used for validation and testing. In this work, we outline the procedure of creating this dataset and provide relevant baselines with deep learning models. The FoodX-251 dataset has been used for organizing iFood-2019 challenge in the Fine-Grained Visual Categorization workshop (FGVC6 at CVPR 2019) and is available for download. 
### 19.Smile, be Happy :) Emoji Embedding for Visual Sentiment Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06160.pdf)
>  Due to the lack of large-scale datasets, the prevailing approach in visual sentiment analysis is to leverage models trained for object classification in large datasets like ImageNet. However, objects are sentiment neutral which hinders the expected gain of transfer learning for such tasks. In this work, we propose to overcome this problem by learning a novel sentiment-aligned image embedding that is better suited for subsequent visual sentiment analysis. Our embedding leverages the intricate relation between emojis and images in large-scale and readily available data from social media. Emojis are language-agnostic, consistent, and carry a clear sentiment signal which make them an excellent proxy to learn a sentiment aligned embedding. Hence, we construct a novel dataset of $4$ million images collected from Twitter with their associated emojis. We train a deep neural model for image embedding using emoji prediction task as a proxy. Our evaluation demonstrates that the proposed embedding outperforms the popular object-based counterpart consistently across several sentiment analysis benchmarks. Furthermore, without bell and whistles, our compact, effective and simple embedding outperforms the more elaborate and customized state-of-the-art deep models on these public benchmarks. Additionally, we introduce a novel emoji representation based on their visual emotional response which support a deeper understanding of the emoji modality and their usage on social media. 
### 20.ThirdEye: Triplet Based Iris Recognition without Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06147.pdf)
>  Most iris recognition pipelines involve three stages: segmenting into iris/non-iris pixels, normalization the iris region to a fixed area, and extracting relevant features for comparison. Given recent advances in deep learning it is prudent to ask which stages are required for accurate iris recognition. Lojez et al. (IWBF 2019) recently concluded that the segmentation stage is still crucial for good accuracy.We ask if normalization is beneficial? Towards answering this question, we develop a new iris recognition system called ThirdEye based on triplet convolutional neural networks (Schroff et al., ICCV 2015). ThirdEye directly uses segmented images without normalization. We observe equal error rates of 1.32%, 9.20%, and 0.59% on the ND-0405, UbirisV2, and IITD datasets respectively. For IITD, the most constrained dataset, this improves on the best prior work. However, for ND-0405 and UbirisV2,our equal error rate is slightly worse than prior systems. Our concluding hypothesis is that normalization is more important for less constrained environments. 
### 21.FMRI data augmentation via synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06134.pdf)
>  We present an empirical evaluation of fMRI data augmentation via synthesis. For synthesis we use generative mod-els trained on real neuroimaging data to produce novel task-dependent functional brain images. Analyzed generative mod-els include classic approaches such as the Gaussian mixture model (GMM), and modern implicit generative models such as the generative adversarial network (GAN) and the variational auto-encoder (VAE). In particular, the proposed GAN and VAE models utilize 3-dimensional convolutions, which enables modeling of high-dimensional brain image tensors with structured spatial correlations. The synthesized datasets are then used to augment classifiers designed to predict cognitive and behavioural outcomes. Our results suggest that the proposed models are able to generate high-quality synthetic brain images which are diverse and task-dependent. Perhaps most importantly, the performance improvements of data aug-mentation via synthesis are shown to be complementary to the choice of the predictive model. Thus, our results suggest that data augmentation via synthesis is a promising approach to address the limited availability of fMRI data, and to improve the quality of predictive fMRI models. 
### 22.Understanding Deep Learning Techniques for Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06119.pdf)
>  The machine learning community has been overwhelmed by a plethora of deep learning based approaches. Many challenging computer vision tasks such as detection, localization, recognition and segmentation of objects in unconstrained environment are being efficiently addressed by various types of deep neural networks like convolutional neural networks, recurrent networks, adversarial networks, autoencoders and so on. While there have been plenty of analytical studies regarding the object detection or recognition domain, many new deep learning techniques have surfaced with respect to image segmentation techniques. This paper approaches these various deep learning techniques of image segmentation from an analytical perspective. The main goal of this work is to provide an intuitive understanding of the major techniques that has made significant contribution to the image segmentation domain. Starting from some of the traditional image segmentation approaches, the paper progresses describing the effect deep learning had on the image segmentation domain. Thereafter, most of the major segmentation algorithms have been logically categorized with paragraphs dedicated to their unique contribution. With an ample amount of intuitive explanations, the reader is expected to have an improved ability to visualize the internal dynamics of these processes. 
### 23.Multi-Task Recurrent Convolutional Network with Correlation Loss for Surgical Video Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06099.pdf)
>  Surgical tool presence detection and surgical phase recognition are two fundamental yet challenging tasks in surgical video analysis and also very essential components in various applications in modern operating rooms. While these two analysis tasks are highly correlated in clinical practice as the surgical process is well-defined, most previous methods tackled them separately, without making full use of their relatedness. In this paper, we present a novel method by developing a multi-task recurrent convolutional network with correlation loss (MTRCNet-CL) to exploit their relatedness to simultaneously boost the performance of both tasks. Specifically, our proposed MTRCNet-CL model has an end-to-end architecture with two branches, which share earlier feature encoders to extract general visual features while holding respective higher layers targeting for specific tasks. Given that temporal information is crucial for phase recognition, long-short term memory (LSTM) is explored to model the sequential dependencies in the phase recognition branch. More importantly, a novel and effective correlation loss is designed to model the relatedness between tool presence and phase identification of each video frame, by minimizing the divergence of predictions from the two branches. Mutually leveraging both low-level feature sharing and high-level prediction correlating, our MTRCNet-CL method can encourage the interactions between the two tasks to a large extent, and hence can bring about benefits to each other. Extensive experiments on a large surgical video dataset (Cholec80) demonstrate outstanding performance of our proposed method, consistently exceeding the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin (e.g., 89.1% v.s. 81.0% for the mAP in tool presence detection and 87.4% v.s. 84.5% for F1 score in phase recognition). The code can be found on our project website. 
### 24.Motion Segmentation Using Locally Affine Atom Voting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06091.pdf)
>  We present a novel method for motion segmentation called LAAV (Locally Affine Atom Voting). Our model's main novelty is using sets of features to segment motion for all features in the scene. LAAV acts as a pre-processing pipeline stage for features in the image, followed by a fine-tuned version of the state-of-the-art Random Voting (RV) method. Unlike standard approaches, LAAV segments motion using feature-set affinities instead of pair-wise affinities between all features; therefore, it significantly simplifies complex scenarios and reduces the computational cost without a loss of accuracy. We describe how the challenges encountered by using previously suggested approaches are addressed using our model. We then compare our algorithm with several state-of-the-art methods. Experiments shows that our approach achieves the most accurate motion segmentation results and, in the presence of measurement noise, achieves comparable results to the other algorithms. 
### 25.Adaptive Context Encoding Module for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06082.pdf)
>  The object sizes in images are diverse, therefore, capturing multiple scale context information is essential for semantic segmentation. Existing context aggregation methods such as pyramid pooling module (PPM) and atrous spatial pyramid pooling (ASPP) design different pooling size or atrous rate, such that multiple scale information is captured. However, the pooling sizes and atrous rates are chosen manually and empirically. In order to capture object context information adaptively, in this paper, we propose an adaptive context encoding (ACE) module based on deformable convolution operation to argument multiple scale information. Our ACE module can be embedded into other Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) easily for context aggregation. The effectiveness of the proposed module is demonstrated on Pascal-Context and ADE20K datasets. Although our proposed ACE only consists of three deformable convolution blocks, it outperforms PPM and ASPP in terms of mean Intersection of Union (mIoU) on both datasets. All the experiment study confirms that our proposed module is effective as compared to the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 26.ALFA: Agglomerative Late Fusion Algorithm for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06067.pdf)
>  We propose ALFA - a novel late fusion algorithm for object detection. ALFA is based on agglomerative clustering of object detector predictions taking into consideration both the bounding box locations and the class scores. Each cluster represents a single object hypothesis whose location is a weighted combination of the clustered bounding boxes. <br>ALFA was evaluated using combinations of a pair (SSD and DeNet) and a triplet (SSD, DeNet and Faster R-CNN) of recent object detectors that are close to the state-of-the-art. ALFA achieves state of the art results on PASCAL VOC 2007 and PASCAL VOC 2012, outperforming the individual detectors as well as baseline combination strategies, achieving up to 32% lower error than the best individual detectors and up to 6% lower error than the reference fusion algorithm DBF - Dynamic Belief Fusion. 
### 27.Using dynamic routing to extract intermediate features for developing scalable capsule networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06062.pdf)
>  Capsule networks have gained a lot of popularity in short time due to its unique approach to model equivariant class specific properties as capsules from images. However the dynamic routing algorithm comes with a steep computational complexity. In the proposed approach we aim to create scalable versions of the capsule networks that are much faster and provide better accuracy in problems with higher number of classes. By using dynamic routing to extract intermediate features instead of generating output class specific capsules, a large increase in the computational speed has been observed. Moreover, by extracting equivariant feature capsules instead of class specific capsules, the generalization capability of the network has also increased as a result of which there is a boost in accuracy. 
### 28.M3D-RPN: Monocular 3D Region Proposal Network for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06038.pdf)
>  Understanding the world in 3D is a critical component of urban autonomous driving. Generally, the combination of expensive LiDAR sensors and stereo RGB imaging has been paramount for successful 3D object detection algorithms, whereas monocular image-only methods experience drastically reduced performance. We propose to reduce the gap by reformulating the monocular 3D detection problem as a standalone 3D region proposal network. We leverage the geometric relationship of 2D and 3D perspectives, allowing 3D boxes to utilize well-known and powerful convolutional features generated in the image-space. To help address the strenuous 3D parameter estimations, we further design depth-aware convolutional layers which enable location specific feature development and in consequence improved 3D scene understanding. Compared to prior work in monocular 3D detection, our method consists of only the proposed 3D region proposal network rather than relying on external networks, data, or multiple stages. M3D-RPN is able to significantly improve the performance of both monocular 3D Object Detection and Bird's Eye View tasks within the KITTI urban autonomous driving dataset, while efficiently using a shared multi-class model. 
### 29.Structure-Aware Residual Pyramid Network for Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06023.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation is an essential task for scene understanding. The underlying structure of objects and stuff in a complex scene is critical to recovering accurate and visually-pleasing depth maps. Global structure conveys scene layouts, while local structure reflects shape details. Recently developed approaches based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) significantly improve the performance of depth estimation. However, few of them take into account multi-scale structures in complex scenes. In this paper, we propose a Structure-Aware Residual Pyramid Network (SARPN) to exploit multi-scale structures for accurate depth prediction. We propose a Residual Pyramid Decoder (RPD) which expresses global scene structure in upper levels to represent layouts, and local structure in lower levels to present shape details. At each level, we propose Residual Refinement Modules (RRM) that predict residual maps to progressively add finer structures on the coarser structure predicted at the upper level. In order to fully exploit multi-scale image features, an Adaptive Dense Feature Fusion (ADFF) module, which adaptively fuses effective features from all scales for inferring structures of each scale, is introduced. Experiment results on the challenging NYU-Depth v2 dataset demonstrate that our proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art performance in both qualitative and quantitative evaluation. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Xt-Chen/SARPN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 30.A Conditional Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Network for Pixel-level Crack Detection using Video Extracted Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06014.pdf)
>  Automatic crack detection on pavement surfaces is an important research field in the scope of developing an intelligent transportation infrastructure system. In this paper, a novel method on the basis of conditional Wasserstein generative adversarial network (cWGAN) is proposed for road crack detection. A 121-layer densely connected neural network with deconvolution layers for multi-level feature fusion is used as generator, and a 5-layer fully convolutional network is used as discriminator. To overcome the scattered output issue related deconvolution layers, connectivity maps are introduced to represent the crack information within the proposed cWGAN. The proposed method is tested on a dataset collected from a moving vehicle equipped with a commercial grade high speed camera. This dataset is challenging because the images containing cracks also include the disturbance of other objects. The results show that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance compared with other existing methods in terms of precision, recall and F1 score. 
### 31.SynthText3D: Synthesizing Scene Text Images from 3D Virtual Worlds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06007.pdf)
>  With the development of deep neural networks, the demand for a significant amount of annotated training data becomes the performance bottlenecks in many fields of research and applications. Image synthesis can generate annotated images automatically and freely, which gains increasing attention recently. In this paper, we propose to synthesize scene text images from the 3D virtual worlds, where the precise descriptions of scenes, editable illumination/visibility, and realistic physics are provided. Different from the previous methods which paste the rendered text on static 2D images, our method can render the 3D virtual scene and text instances as an entirety. In this way, complex perspective transforms, various illuminations, and occlusions can be realized in our synthesized scene text images. Moreover, the same text instances with various viewpoints can be produced by randomly moving and rotating the virtual camera, which acts as human eyes. The experiments on the standard scene text detection benchmarks using the generated synthetic data demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method. The code and synthetic data will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MhLiao/SynthText3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 32.Gesture-to-Gesture Translation in the Wild via Category-Independent Conditional Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05916.pdf)
>  Recent works have shown Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to be particularly effective in image-to-image translations. However, in tasks such as body pose and hand gesture translation, existing methods usually require precise annotations, e.g. key-points or skeletons, which are time-consuming to draw. In this work, we propose a novel GAN architecture that decouples the required annotations into a category label - that specifies the gesture type - and a simple-to-draw category-independent conditional map - that expresses the location, rotation and size of the hand gesture. Our architecture synthesizes the target gesture while preserving the background context, thus effectively dealing with gesture translation in the wild. To this aim, we use an attention module and a rolling guidance approach, which loops the generated images back into the network and produces higher quality images compared to competing works. Thus, our GAN learns to generate new images from simple annotations without requiring key-points or skeleton labels. Results on two public datasets show that our method outperforms state of the art approaches both quantitatively and qualitatively. To the best of our knowledge, no work so far has addressed the gesture-to-gesture translation in the wild by requiring user-friendly annotations. 
### 33.Batch-Shaped Channel Gated Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06627.pdf)
>  We present a method for gating deep-learning architectures on a fine-grained level. Individual convolutional maps are turned on/off conditionally on features in the network. This method allows us to train neural networks with a large capacity, but lower inference time than the full network. To achieve this, we introduce a new residual block architecture that gates convolutional channels in a fine-grained manner. We also introduce a generally applicable tool "batch-shaping" that matches the marginal aggregate posteriors of features in a neural network to a pre-specified prior distribution. We use this novel technique to force gates to be more conditional on the data. We present results on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets for image classification and Cityscapes for semantic segmentation. Our results show that our method can slim down large architectures conditionally, such that the average computational cost on the data is on par with a smaller architecture, but with higher accuracy. In particular, our ResNet34 gated network achieves a performance of 72.55% top-1 accuracy compared to the 69.76% accuracy of the baseline ResNet18 model, for similar complexity. We also show that the resulting networks automatically learn to use more features for difficult examples and fewer features for simple examples. 
### 34.Sparsely Activated Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06592.pdf)
>  Previous literature on unsupervised learning focused on designing structural priors and optimization functions with the aim of learning meaningful features, but without considering the description length of the representations. Here we present Sparsely Activated Networks (SANs), which decompose their input as a sum of sparsely reoccurring patterns of varying amplitude, and combined with a newly proposed metric $\varphi$ they learn representations with minimal description lengths. SANs consist of kernels with shared weights that during encoding are convolved with the input and then passed through a ReLU and a sparse activation function. During decoding, the same weights are convolved with the sparse activation map and the individual reconstructions from each weight are summed to reconstruct the input. We also propose a metric $\varphi$ for model selection that favors models which combine high compression ratio and low reconstruction error and we justify its definition by exploring the hyperparameter space of SANs. We compare four sparse activation functions (Identity, Max-Activations, Max-Pool indices, Peaks) on a variety of datasets and show that SANs learn interpretable kernels that combined with $\varphi$, they minimize the description length of the representations. 
### 35.Deep Sequential Mosaicking of Fetoscopic Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06543.pdf)
>  Twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome treatment requires fetoscopic laser photocoagulation of placental vascular anastomoses to regulate blood flow to both fetuses. Limited field-of-view (FoV) and low visual quality during fetoscopy make it challenging to identify all vascular connections. Mosaicking can align multiple overlapping images to generate an image with increased FoV, however, existing techniques apply poorly to fetoscopy due to the low visual quality, texture paucity, and hence fail in longer sequences due to the drift accumulated over time. Deep learning techniques can facilitate in overcoming these challenges. Therefore, we present a new generalized Deep Sequential Mosaicking (DSM) framework for fetoscopic videos captured from different settings such as simulation, phantom, and real environments. DSM extends an existing deep image-based homography model to sequential data by proposing controlled data augmentation and outlier rejection methods. Unlike existing methods, DSM can handle visual variations due to specular highlights and reflection across adjacent frames, hence reducing the accumulated drift. We perform experimental validation and comparison using 5 diverse fetoscopic videos to demonstrate the robustness of our framework. 
### 36.Exploring Deep Anomaly Detection Methods Based on Capsule Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06312.pdf)
>  In this paper, we develop and explore deep anomaly detection techniques based on the capsule network (CapsNet) for image data. Being able to encoding intrinsic spatial relationship between parts and a whole, CapsNet has been applied as both a classifier and deep autoencoder. This inspires us to design a prediction-probability-based and a reconstruction-error-based normality score functions for evaluating the "outlierness" of unseen images. Our results on three datasets demonstrate that the prediction-probability-based method performs consistently well, while the reconstruction-error-based approach is relatively sensitive to the similarity between labeled and unlabeled images. Furthermore, both of the CapsNet-based methods outperform the principled benchmark methods in many cases. 
### 37.Measuring the Transferability of Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06291.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples are of wide concern due to their impact on the reliability of contemporary machine learning systems. Effective adversarial examples are mostly found via white-box attacks. However, in some cases they can be transferred across models, thus enabling them to attack black-box models. In this work we evaluate the transferability of three adversarial attacks - the Fast Gradient Sign Method, the Basic Iterative Method, and the Carlini &amp; Wagner method, across two classes of models - the VGG class(using VGG16, VGG19 and an ensemble of VGG16 and VGG19), and the Inception class(Inception V3, Xception, Inception Resnet V2, and an ensemble of the three). We also outline the problems with the assessment of transferability in the current body of research and attempt to amend them by picking specific "strong" parameters for the attacks, and by using a L-Infinity clipping technique and the SSIM metric for the final evaluation of the attack transferability. 
### 38.Autoencoding sensory substitution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06286.pdf)
>  Tens of millions of people live blind, and their number is ever increasing. Visual-to-auditory sensory substitution (SS) encompasses a family of cheap, generic solutions to assist the visually impaired by conveying visual information through sound. The required SS training is lengthy: months of effort is necessary to reach a practical level of adaptation. There are two reasons for the tedious training process: the elongated substituting audio signal, and the disregard for the compressive characteristics of the human hearing system. To overcome these obstacles, we developed a novel class of SS methods, by training deep recurrent autoencoders for image-to-sound conversion. We successfully trained deep learning models on different datasets to execute visual-to-auditory stimulus conversion. By constraining the visual space, we demonstrated the viability of shortened substituting audio signals, while proposing mechanisms, such as the integration of computational hearing models, to optimally convey visual features in the substituting stimulus as perceptually discernible auditory components. We tested our approach in two separate cases. In the first experiment, the author went blindfolded for 5 days, while performing SS training on hand posture discrimination. The second experiment assessed the accuracy of reaching movements towards objects on a table. In both test cases, above-chance-level accuracy was attained after a few hours of training. Our novel SS architecture broadens the horizon of rehabilitation methods engineered for the visually impaired. Further improvements on the proposed model shall yield hastened rehabilitation of the blind and a wider adaptation of SS devices as a consequence. 
### 39.A Divide-and-Conquer Approach towards Understanding Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06194.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have achieved tremendous success in various fields including medical image segmentation. However, they have long been criticized for being a black-box, in that interpretation, understanding and correcting architectures is difficult as there is no general theory for deep neural network design. Previously, precision learning was proposed to fuse deep architectures and traditional approaches. Deep networks constructed in this way benefit from the original known operator, have fewer parameters, and improved interpretability. However, they do not yield state-of-the-art performance in all applications. In this paper, we propose to analyze deep networks using known operators, by adopting a divide-and-conquer strategy to replace network components, whilst retaining its performance. The task of retinal vessel segmentation is investigated for this purpose. We start with a high-performance U-Net and show by step-by-step conversion that we are able to divide the network into modules of known operators. The results indicate that a combination of a trainable guided filter and a trainable version of the Frangi filter yields a performance at the level of U-Net (AUC 0.974 vs. 0.972) with a tremendous reduction in parameters (111,536 vs. 9,575). In addition, the trained layers can be mapped back into their original algorithmic interpretation and analyzed using standard tools of signal processing. 
### 40.Neural Embedding for Physical Manipulations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06143.pdf)
>  In common real-world robotic operations, action and state spaces can be vast and sometimes unknown, and observations are often relatively sparse. How do we learn the full topology of action and state spaces when given only few and sparse observations? Inspired by the properties of grid cells in mammalian brains, we build a generative model that enforces a normalized pairwise distance constraint between the latent space and output space to achieve data-efficient discovery of output spaces. This method achieves substantially better results than prior generative models, such as Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) and Variational Auto-Encoders (VAEs). Prior models have the common issue of mode collapse and thus fail to explore the full topology of output space. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our model on various datasets both qualitatively and quantitatively. 
### 41.S&amp;CNet: A Enhanced Coarse-to-fine Framework For Monocular Depth Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06071.pdf)
>  Real-time depth completing is a critical problem for robotics and autonomous driving tasks. In this paper, we propose a light-weight coarse-to-fine network to complete a dense depth map from a single view RGB image and its related sparse depth map. Both the coarse estimation network and refinement network are in encoder-decoder form. To boost the performance of the coarse estimation network, we propose a novel spatial-and-channel (S&amp;C) enhancer to boost the representation power of encoder network. The motivation for spatial-wise attention is from our finding that a lower output stride of encoder network preserve more detail but limit the receptive field. Thus, we employee spatial-wise attention to capture long-range contextual information. Besides, we found each channel in the features generated by the encoder network response to different distance. This discovery drives us to adopt channel-wise attention mechanism to reassign the weights of different channels as the decoder network should pay more attention to the channels response to distance contain rich objects, intuitively. To further improve the performance of our network, we adopt a refinement network which take the coarse estimation and sparse depth map as input. We evaluate our approach on KITTI benchmark, and the results show that our approach achieves competitive performance on RMSE metric with the state-of-the-art over published works but outperform it in all other metrics (iRMSE,MAE and iMAE) significantly with almost 3:5 times higher running speed. Crucially, our proposed S&amp;C enhancer can be plugged into other existing networks and boost their performance significantly with a minimal additional computational cost. 
### 42.Image Evolution Trajectory Prediction and Classification from Baseline using Learning-based Patch Atlas Selection for Early Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06064.pdf)
>  Patients initially diagnosed with early mild cognitive impairment (eMCI) are known to be a clinically heterogeneous group with very subtle patterns of brain atrophy. To examine the boarders between normal controls (NC) and eMCI, Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) was extensively used as a non-invasive imaging modality to pin-down subtle changes in brain images of MCI patients. However, eMCI research remains limited by the number of available MRI acquisition timepoints. Ideally, one would learn how to diagnose MCI patients in an early stage from MRI data acquired at a single timepoint, while leveraging 'non-existing' follow-up observations. To this aim, we propose novel supervised and unsupervised frameworks that learn how to jointly predict and label the evolution trajectory of intensity patches, each seeded at a specific brain landmark, from a baseline intensity patch. Specifically, both strategies aim to identify the best training atlas patches at baseline timepoint to predict and classify the evolution trajectory of a given testing baseline patch. The supervised technique learns how to select the best atlas patches by training bidirectional mappings from the space of pairwise patch similarities to their corresponding prediction errors -when one patch was used to predict the other. On the other hand, the unsupervised technique learns a manifold of baseline atlas and testing patches using multiple kernels to well capture patch distributions at multiple scales. Once the best baseline atlas patches are selected, we retrieve their evolution trajectories and average them to predict the evolution trajectory of the testing baseline patch. Next, we input the predicted trajectories to an ensemble of linear classifiers, each trained at a specific landmark. Our classification accuracy increased by up to 10% points in comparison to single timepoint-based classification methods. 
### 43.Learning better generative models for dexterous, single-view grasping of novel objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.06053.pdf)
>  This paper concerns the problem of how to learn to grasp dexterously, so as to be able to then grasp novel objects seen only from a single view-point. Recently, progress has been made in data-efficient learning of generative grasp models which transfer well to novel objects. These generative grasp models are learned from demonstration (LfD). One weakness is that, as this paper shall show, grasp transfer under challenging single view conditions is unreliable. Second, the number of generative model elements rises linearly in the number of training examples. This, in turn, limits the potential of these generative models for generalisation and continual improvement. In this paper, it is shown how to address these problems. Several technical contributions are made: (i) a view-based model of a grasp; (ii) a method for combining and compressing multiple grasp models; (iii) a new way of evaluating contacts that is used both to generate and to score grasps. These, together, improve both grasp performance and reduce the number of models learned for grasp transfer. These advances, in turn, also allow the introduction of autonomous training, in which the robot learns from self-generated grasps. Evaluation on a challenging test set shows that, with innovations (i)-(iii) deployed, grasp transfer success rises from 55.1% to 81.6%. By adding autonomous training this rises to 87.8%. These differences are statistically significant. In total, across all experiments, 539 test grasps were executed on real objects. 
### 44.Learning Complex Basis Functions for Invariant Representations of Audio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05982.pdf)
>  Learning features from data has shown to be more successful than using hand-crafted features for many machine learning tasks. In music information retrieval (MIR), features learned from windowed spectrograms are highly variant to transformations like transposition or time-shift. Such variances are undesirable when they are irrelevant for the respective MIR task. We propose an architecture called Complex Autoencoder (CAE) which learns features invariant to orthogonal transformations. Mapping signals onto complex basis functions learned by the CAE results in a transformation-invariant "magnitude space" and a transformation-variant "phase space". The phase space is useful to infer transformations between data pairs. When exploiting the invariance-property of the magnitude space, we achieve state-of-the-art results in audio-to-score alignment and repeated section discovery for audio. A PyTorch implementation of the CAE, including the repeated section discovery method, is available online. 
