# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 11 Jul 2019
### 1.Fast geodesic shooting for landmark matching using CUDA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04839.pdf)
>  Landmark matching via geodesic shooting is a prerequisite task for numerous registration based applications in biomedicine. Geodesic shooting has been developed as one solution approach and formulates the diffeomorphic registration as an optimal control problem under the Hamiltonian framework. In this framework, with landmark positions q0 fixed, the problem solely depends on the initial momentum p0 and evolves through time steps according to a set of constraint equations. Given an initial p0, the algorithm flows q and p forward through time steps, calculates a loss based on point-set mismatch and kinetic energy, back-propagate through time to calculate gradient on p0 and update it. In the forward and backward pass, a pair-wise kernel on landmark points K and additional intermediate terms have to be calculated and marginalized, leading to O(N2) computational complexity, N being the number of points to be registered. For medical image applications, N maybe in the range of thousands, rendering this operation computationally expensive. In this work we ropose a CUDA implementation based on shared memory reduction. Our implementation achieves nearly 2 orders magnitude speed up compared to a naive CPU-based implementation, in addition to improved numerical accuracy as well as better registration results. 
### 2.Barnes-Hut Approximation for Point SetGeodesic Shooting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04834.pdf)
>  Geodesic shooting has been successfully applied to diffeo-morphic registration of point sets. Exact computation of the geodesicshooting between point sets, however, requiresO(N2) calculations each time step on the number of points in the point set. We proposean approximation approach based on the Barnes-Hut algorithm to speedup point set geodesic shooting. This approximation can reduce the al-gorithm complexity toO(N b+N logN). The evaluation of the proposedmethod in both simulated images and the medial temporal lobe thick-ness analysis demonstrates a comparable accuracy to the exact point set geodesic shooting while offering up to 3-fold speed up. This improvementopens up a range of clinical research studies and practical problems towhich the method can be effectively applied. 
### 3.Metamorphic Detection of Adversarial Examples in Deep Learning Models With Affine Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04774.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks are small, carefully crafted perturbations, imperceptible to the naked eye; that when added to an image cause deep learning models to misclassify the image with potentially detrimental outcomes. With the rise of artificial intelligence models in consumer safety and security intensive industries such as self-driving cars, camera surveillance and face recognition, there is a growing need for guarding against adversarial attacks. In this paper, we present an approach that uses metamorphic testing principles to automatically detect such adversarial attacks. The approach can detect image manipulations that are so small, that they are impossible to detect by a human through visual inspection. By applying metamorphic relations based on distance ratio preserving affine image transformations which compare the behavior of the original and transformed image; we show that our proposed approach can determine whether or not the input image is adversarial with a high degree of accuracy. 
### 4.Toward a Procedural Fruit Tree Rendering Framework for Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04759.pdf)
>  We propose a procedural fruit tree rendering framework, based on Blender and Python scripts allowing to generate quickly labeled dataset (i.e. including ground truth semantic segmentation). It is designed to train image analysis deep learning methods (e.g. in a robotic fruit harvesting context), where real labeled training datasets are usually scarce and existing synthetic ones are too specialized. Moreover, the framework includes the possibility to introduce parametrized variations in the model (e.g. lightning conditions, background), producing a dataset with embedded Domain Randomization aspect. 
### 5.SynthCity: A large scale synthetic point cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04758.pdf)
>  With deep learning becoming a more prominent approach for automatic classification of three-dimensional point cloud data, a key bottleneck is the amount of high quality training data, especially when compared to that available for two-dimensional images. One potential solution is the use of synthetic data for pre-training networks, however the ability for models to generalise from synthetic data to real world data has been poorly studied for point clouds. Despite this, a huge wealth of 3D virtual environments exist which, if proved effective can be exploited. We therefore argue that research in this domain would be of significant use. In this paper we present SynthCity an open dataset to help aid research. SynthCity is a 367.9M point synthetic full colour Mobile Laser Scanning point cloud. Every point is assigned a label from one of nine categories. We generate our point cloud in a typical Urban/Suburban environment using the Blensor plugin for Blender. 
### 6.Utilizing Eye Gaze to Enhance the Generalization of Imitation Networks to Unseen Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04728.pdf)
>  Vision-based autonomous driving through imitation learning mimics the behaviors of human drivers by training on pairs of data of raw driver-view images and actions. However, there are other cues, e.g. gaze behavior, available from human drivers that have yet to be exploited. Previous research has shown that novice human learners can benefit from observing experts' gaze patterns. We show here that deep neural networks can also benefit from this. We demonstrate different approaches to integrating gaze information into imitation networks. Our results show that the integration of gaze information improves the generalization performance of networks to unseen environments. 
### 7.One Shot Learning for Deformable Medical Image Registration and Periodic Motion Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04641.pdf)
>  Deformable image registration is a very important field of research in medical imaging. Recently multiple deep learning approaches were published in this area showing promising results. However, drawbacks of deep learning methods are the need for a large amount of training datasets and their inability to register unseen images different from the training datasets. One shot learning comes without the need of large training datasets and has already been proven to be applicable to 3D data. In this work we present an one shot registration approach for periodic motion tracking in 3D and 4D datasets. When applied to 3D dataset the algorithm calculates the inverse of a registration vector field simultaneously. For registration we employed a U-Net combined with a coarse to fine approach and a differential spatial transformer module. The algorithm was thoroughly tested with multiple 4D and 3D datasets publicly available. The results show that the presented approach is able to track periodic motion and to yield a competitive registration accuracy. Possible application are the use as a stand-alone algorithm for 3D and 4D motion tracking or in the beginning of studies until enough datasets for a separate training phase are available. 
### 8.Multi-Person tracking by multi-scale detection in Basketball scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04637.pdf)
>  Tracking data is a powerful tool for basketball teams in order to extract advanced semantic information and statistics that might lead to a performance boost. However, multi-person tracking is a challenging task to solve in single-camera video sequences, given the frequent occlusions and cluttering that occur in a restricted scenario. In this paper, a novel multi-scale detection method is presented, which is later used to extract geometric and content features, resulting in a multi-person video tracking system. Having built a dataset from scratch together with its ground truth (more than 10k bounding boxes), standard metrics are evaluated, obtaining notable results both in terms of detection (F1-score) and tracking (MOTA). The presented system could be used as a source of data gathering in order to extract useful statistics and semantic analyses a posteriori. 
### 9.Video Action Recognition Via Neural Architecture Searching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04632.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have achieved great success for video analysis and understanding. However, designing a high-performance neural architecture requires substantial efforts and expertise. In this paper, we make the first attempt to let algorithm automatically design neural networks for video action recognition tasks. Specifically, a spatio-temporal network is developed in a differentiable space modeled by a directed acyclic graph, thus a gradient-based strategy can be performed to search an optimal architecture. Nonetheless, it is computationally expensive, since the computational burden to evaluate each architecture candidate is still heavy. To alleviate this issue, we, for the video input, introduce a temporal segment approach to reduce the computational cost without losing global video information. For the architecture, we explore in an efficient search space by introducing pseudo 3D operators. Experiments show that, our architecture outperforms popular neural architectures, under the training from scratch protocol, on the challenging UCF101 dataset, surprisingly, with only around one percentage of parameters of its manual-design counterparts. 
### 10.Dunhuang Grotto Painting Dataset and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04589.pdf)
>  This document introduces the background and the usage of the Dunhuang Grotto Dataset and the benchmark. The documentation first starts with the background of the Dunhuang Grotto, which is widely recognised as an priceless heritage. Given that digital method is the modern trend for heritage protection and restoration. Follow the trend, we release the first public dataset for Dunhuang Grotto Painting restoration. The rest of the documentation details the painting data generation. To enable a data driven fashion, this dataset provided a large number of training and testing example which is sufficient for a deep learning approach. The detailed usage of the dataset as well as the benchmark is described. 
### 11.Deep Multi Label Classification in Affine Subspaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04563.pdf)
>  Multi-label classification (MLC) problems are becoming increasingly popular in the context of medical imaging. This has in part been driven by the fact that acquiring annotations for MLC is far less burdensome than for semantic segmentation and yet provides more expressiveness than multi-class classification. However, to train MLCs, most methods have resorted to similar objective functions as with traditional multi-class classification settings. We show in this work that such approaches are not optimal and instead propose a novel deep MLC classification method in affine subspace. At its core, the method attempts to pull features of class-labels towards different affine subspaces while maximizing the distance between them. We evaluate the method using two MLC medical imaging datasets and show a large performance increase compared to previous multi-label frameworks. This method can be seen as a plug-in replacement loss function and is trainable in an end-to-end fashion. 
### 12.Learning to Reason with Relational Video Representation for Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04553.pdf)
>  How does machine learn to reason about the content of a video in answering a question? A Video QA system must simultaneously understand language, represent visual content over space-time, and iteratively transform these representations in response to lingual content in the query, and finally arriving at a sensible answer. While recent advances in textual and visual question answering have come up with sophisticated visual representation and neural reasoning mechanisms, major challenges in Video QA remain on dynamic grounding of concepts, relations and actions to support the reasoning process. We present a new end-to-end layered architecture for Video QA, which is composed of a question-guided video representation layer and a generic reasoning layer to produce answer. The video is represented using a hierarchical model that encodes visual information about objects, actions and relations in space-time given the textual cues from the question. The encoded representation is then passed to a reasoning module, which in this paper, is implemented as a MAC net. The system is evaluated on the SVQA (synthetic) and TGIF-QA datasets (real), demonstrating state-of-the-art results, with a large margin in the case of multi-step reasoning. 
### 13.Regularizing Neural Networks for Future Trajectory Prediction via Inverse Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04525.pdf)
>  Predicting distant future trajectories of agents in a dynamic scene is not an easy problem because the future trajectory of an agent is affected by not only his/her past trajectory but also the scene contexts. To tackle this problem, we propose a model based on recurrent neural networks (RNNs) and a novel method for training the model. The proposed model is based on an encoder-decoder architecture where the encoder encodes inputs (past trajectories and scene context information) while the decoder produces a trajectory from the context vector given by the encoder. We train the networks of the proposed model to produce a future trajectory, which is the closest to the true trajectory, while maximizing a reward from a reward function. The reward function is also trained at the same time to maximize the margin between the rewards from the ground-truth trajectory and its estimate. The reward function plays the role of a regularizer for the proposed model so the trained networks are able to better utilize the scene context information for the prediction task. We evaluated the proposed model on several public datasets. Experimental results show that the prediction performance of the proposed model is much improved by the regularization, which outperforms the-state-of-the-arts in terms of accuracy. 
### 14.User Preference Prediction in Visual Data on Mobile Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04519.pdf)
>  In this paper we consider the user modeling given the photos and videos from the gallery on a mobile device. We propose the novel user preference prediction engine based on scene understanding, object detection and face recognition. At first, all faces in a gallery are clustered and all private photos and videos with faces from large clusters are processed on the embedded system in offline mode. Other photos are sent to the remote server to be analyzed by very deep models. The visual features of each photo are aggregated into a single user descriptor using the neural attention block. The proposed pipeline is implemented for the Android mobile platform. Experimental results with a subset of Amazon Home and Kitchen, Places2 and Open Images datasets demonstrate the possibility to process images very efficiently without accuracy degradation. 
### 15.Joint Learning of Multiple Image Restoration Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04508.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have recently been successfully applied to the problems of restoring clean images from their degraded versions. Most studies have designed and trained a dedicated network for each of many image restoration tasks, such as motion blur removal, rain-streak removal, haze removal, etc. In this paper, we show that a single network having a single input and multiple output branches can solve multiple image restoration tasks. This is made possible by improving the attention mechanism and an internal structure of the basic blocks used in the dual residual networks, which was recently proposed and shown to work well for a number of image restoration tasks by Liu et al. Experimental results show that the proposed approach achieves a new state-of-the-art performance on haze removal (both in PSNR/SSIM) and JPEG artifact removal (in SSIM). To the authors' knowledge, this is the first report of successful multi-task learning on diverse image restoration tasks. 
### 16.Generating Adversarial Fragments with Adversarial Networks for Physical-world Implementation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04449.pdf)
>  Although deep neural networks have been widely applied in many application domains, they are found to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks. A recent promising set of attacking techniques have been proposed, which mainly focus on generating adversarial examples under digital-world settings. Such strategies are unfortunately not implementable for any physical-world scenarios such as autonomous driving. In this paper, we present FragGAN, a new GAN-based framework which is capable of generating an adversarial image which differs from the original input image only through replacing a targeted fragment within the image using a corresponding visually indistinguishable adversarial fragment. FragGAN ensures that the resulting entire image is effective in attacking. For any physical-world implementation, an attacker could physically print out the adversarial fragment and then paste it onto the original fragment (e.g., a roadside sign for autonomous driving scenarios). FragGAN also enables clean-label attacks against image classification, as the resulting attacks may succeed even without modifying any essential content of an image. Extensive experiments including physical-world case studies on state-of-the-art autonomous steering and image classification models demonstrate that FragGAN is highly effective and superior to simple extensions of existing approaches. To the best of our knowledge, FragGAN is the first approach that can implement effective and clean-label physical-world attacks. 
### 17.A review on deep learning techniques for 3D sensed data classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04444.pdf)
>  Over the past decade deep learning has driven progress in 2D image understanding. Despite these advancements, techniques for automatic 3D sensed data understanding, such as point clouds, is comparatively immature. However, with a range of important applications from indoor robotics navigation to national scale remote sensing there is a high demand for algorithms that can learn to automatically understand and classify 3D sensed data. In this paper we review the current state-of-the-art deep learning architectures for processing unstructured Euclidean data. We begin by addressing the background concepts and traditional methodologies. We review the current main approaches including; RGB-D, multi-view, volumetric and fully end-to-end architecture designs. Datasets for each category are documented and explained. Finally, we give a detailed discussion about the future of deep learning for 3D sensed data, using literature to justify the areas where future research would be most valuable. 
### 18.Automatic Mass Detection in Breast Using Deep Convolutional Neural Network and SVM Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04424.pdf)
>  Mammography is the most widely used gold standard for screening breast cancer, where, mass detection is considered as the prominent step. Detecting mass in the breast is, however, an arduous problem as they usually have large variations between them in terms of shape, size, boundary, and texture. In this literature, the process of mass detection is automated with the use of transfer learning techniques of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNN). Pre-trained VGG19 network is used to extract features which are then followed by bagged decision tree for features selection and then a Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier is trained and used for classifying between the mass and non-mass. Area Under ROC Curve (AUC) is chosen as the performance metric, which is then maximized during classifier selection and hyper-parameter tuning. The robustness of the two selected type of classifiers, C-SVM, and \u{psion}-SVM, are investigated with extensive experiments before selecting the best performing classifier. All experiments in this paper were conducted using the INbreast dataset. The best AUC obtained from the experimental results is 0.994 +/- 0.003 i.e. [0.991, 0.997]. Our results conclude that by using pre-trained VGG19 network, high-level distinctive features can be extracted from Mammograms which when used with the proposed SVM classifier is able to robustly distinguish between the mass and non-mass present in breast. 
### 19.A New Stereo Benchmarking Dataset for Satellite Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04404.pdf)
>  In order to facilitate further research in stereo reconstruction with multi-date satellite images, the goal of this paper is to provide a set of stereo-rectified images and the associated groundtruthed disparities for 10 AOIs (Area of Interest) drawn from two sources: 8 AOIs from IARPA's MVS Challenge dataset and 2 AOIs from the CORE3D-Public dataset. The disparities were groundtruthed by first constructing a fused DSM from the stereo pairs and by aligning 30 cm LiDAR with the fused DSM. Unlike the existing benckmarking datasets, we have also carried out a quantitative evaluation of our groundtruthed disparities using human annotated points in two of the AOIs. Additionally, the rectification accuracy in our dataset is comparable to the same in the existing state-of-the-art stereo datasets. In general, we have used the WorldView-3 (WV3) images for the dataset, the exception being the UCSD area for which we have used both WV3 and WorldView-2 (WV2) images. All of the dataset images are now in the public domain. Since multi-date satellite images frequently include images acquired in different seasons (which creates challenges in finding corresponding pairs of pixels for stereo), our dataset also includes for each image a building mask over which the disparities estimated by stereo should prove reliable. Additional metadata included in the dataset includes information about each image's acquisition date and time, the azimuth and elevation angles of the camera, and the intersection angles for the two views in a stereo pair. Also included in the dataset are both quantitative and qualitative analyses of the accuracy of the groundtruthed disparity maps. Our dataset is available for download at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://engineering.purdue.edu/RVL/Database/SatStereo/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} 
### 20.M3D-GAN: Multi-Modal Multi-Domain Translation with Universal Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04378.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks have led to significant advances in cross-modal/domain translation. However, typically these networks are designed for a specific task (e.g., dialogue generation or image synthesis, but not both). We present a unified model, M3D-GAN, that can translate across a wide range of modalities (e.g., text, image, and speech) and domains (e.g., attributes in images or emotions in speech). Our model consists of modality subnets that convert data from different modalities into unified representations, and a unified computing body where data from different modalities share the same network architecture. We introduce a universal attention module that is jointly trained with the whole network and learns to encode a large range of domain information into a highly structured latent space. We use this to control synthesis in novel ways, such as producing diverse realistic pictures from a sketch or varying the emotion of synthesized speech. We evaluate our approach on extensive benchmark tasks, including image-to-image, text-to-image, image captioning, text-to-speech, speech recognition, and machine translation. Our results show state-of-the-art performance on some of the tasks. 
### 21.BASN -- Learning Steganography with Binary Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04362.pdf)
>  Secret information sharing through image carrier has aroused much research attention in recent years with images' growing domination on the Internet and mobile applications. However, with the booming trend of convolutional neural networks, image steganography is facing a more significant challenge from neural-network-automated tasks. To improve the security of image steganography and minimize task result distortion, models must maintain the feature maps generated by task-specific networks being irrelative to any hidden information embedded in the carrier. This paper introduces a binary attention mechanism into image steganography to help alleviate the security issue, and in the meanwhile, increase embedding payload capacity. The experimental results show that our method has the advantage of high payload capacity with little feature map distortion and still resist detection by state-of-the-art image steganalysis algorithms. 
### 22.Fast Estimating Pedestrian Moving State Based on Single 2D Body Pose by Shallow Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04361.pdf)
>  Crossing or Not-Crossing (C/NC) problem is important to autonomous vehicles (AVs) to safely interact with pedestrians. However, this problem setup ignores pedestrians walking along the direction of vehicles' movement (LONG). To enhance AVs' awareness of pedestrians behavior, we make the first step towards extending C/NC to C/NC/LONG problem and recognize them based on single body pose. In contrast, previous C/NC state classification work depend on multiple poses or contextual information. Our proposed shallow neural network classifier is able to recognize these three states within a very short time. We test our it on JAAD dataset and report average 81.23% accuracy. In order to further improve the classifier's performance, we introduce a computational-efficient method, action momentum optimizer (AMO), which correct prediction based on crossing behavior pattern. And our experiment shows that classifier perform at most 11.39% better on continuous pose test with the help of it. Furthermore, this model can cooperate with different sensors and algorithms that provide 2D pedestrian body pose so that it is able to work across multiple light and weather conditions. In addition, we have created extended annotations of pose for JAAD dataset, which will be publicly released soon 
### 23.Image based Eye Gaze Tracking and its Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04325.pdf)
>  Eye movements play a vital role in perceiving the world. Eye gaze can give a direct indication of the users point of attention, which can be useful in improving human-computer interaction. Gaze estimation in a non-intrusive manner can make human-computer interaction more natural. Eye tracking can be used for several applications such as fatigue detection, biometric authentication, disease diagnosis, activity recognition, alertness level estimation, gaze-contingent display, human-computer interaction, etc. Even though eye-tracking technology has been around for many decades, it has not found much use in consumer applications. The main reasons are the high cost of eye tracking hardware and lack of consumer level applications. In this work, we attempt to address these two issues. In the first part of this work, image-based algorithms are developed for gaze tracking which includes a new two-stage iris center localization algorithm. We have developed a new algorithm which works in challenging conditions such as motion blur, glint, and varying illumination levels. A person independent gaze direction classification framework using a convolutional neural network is also developed which eliminates the requirement of user-specific calibration. <br>In the second part of this work, we have developed two applications which can benefit from eye tracking data. A new framework for biometric identification based on eye movement parameters is developed. A framework for activity recognition, using gaze data from a head-mounted eye tracker is also developed. The information from gaze data, ego-motion, and visual features are integrated to classify the activities. 
### 24.Enhanced generative adversarial network for 3D brain MRI super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04835.pdf)
>  Single image super-resolution (SISR) reconstruction for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) has generated significant interest because of its potential to not only speed up imaging but to improve quantitative processing and analysis of available image data. Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have proven to perform well in recovering image texture detail, and many variants have therefore been proposed for SISR. In this work, we develop an enhancement to tackle GAN-based 3D SISR by introducing a new residual-in-residual dense block (RRDG) generator that is both memory efficient and achieves state-of-the-art performance in terms of PSNR (Peak Signal to Noise Ratio), SSIM (Structural Similarity) and NRMSE (Normalized Root Mean Squared Error) metrics. We also introduce a patch GAN discriminator with improved convergence behavior to better model brain image texture. We proposed a novel the anatomical fidelity evaluation of the results using a pre-trained brain parcellation network. Finally, these developments are combined through a simple and efficient method to balance etween image and texture quality in the final output. 
### 25.Improving Prognostic Performance in Resectable Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma using Radiomics and Deep Learning Features Fusion in CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04822.pdf)
>  As an analytic pipeline for quantitative imaging feature extraction and analysis, radiomics has grown rapidly in the past a few years. Recent studies in radiomics aim to investigate the relationship between tumors imaging features and clinical outcomes. Open source radiomics feature banks enable the extraction and analysis of thousands of predefined features. On the other hand, recent advances in deep learning have shown significant potential in the quantitative medical imaging field, raising the research question of whether predefined radiomics features have predictive information in addition to deep learning features. In this study, we propose a feature fusion method and investigate whether a combined feature bank of deep learning and predefined radiomics features can improve the prognostics performance. CT images from resectable Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma (PDAC) patients were used to compare the prognosis performance of common feature reduction and fusion methods and the proposed risk-score based feature fusion method for overall survival. It was shown that the proposed feature fusion method significantly improves the prognosis performance for overall survival in resectable PDAC cohorts, elevating the area under ROC curve by 51% compared to predefined radiomics features alone, by 16% compared to deep learning features alone, and by 32% compared to existing feature fusion and reduction methods for a combination of deep learning and predefined radiomics features. 
### 26.Towards Affordance Prediction with Vision via Task Oriented Grasp Quality Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04761.pdf)
>  While many quality metrics exist to evaluate the quality of a grasp by itself, no clear quantification of the quality of a grasp relatively to the task the grasp is used for has been defined yet. In this paper we propose a framework to extend the concept of grasp quality metric to task-oriented grasping by defining affordance functions via basic grasp metrics for an open set of task affordances. We evaluate both the effectivity of the proposed task oriented metrics and their practical applicability by learning to infer them from vision. Indeed, we assess the validity of our novel framework both in the context of perfect information, i.e., known object model, and in the partial information context, i.e., inferring task oriented metrics from vision, underlining advantages and limitations of both situations. In the former, physical metrics of grasp hypotheses on an object are defined and computed in known object model simulation, in the latter deep models are trained to infer such properties from partial information in the form of synthesized range images. 
### 27.Domain Adaptation-based Augmentation for Weakly Supervised Nuclei Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04681.pdf)
>  The detection of nuclei is one of the most fundamental components of computational pathology. Current state-of-the-art methods are based on deep learning, with the prerequisite that extensive labeled datasets are available. The increasing number of patient cohorts to be analyzed, the diversity of tissue stains and indications, as well as the cost of dataset labeling motivates the development of novel methods to reduce labeling effort across domains. We introduce in this work a weakly supervised 'inter-domain' approach that (i) performs stain normalization and unpaired image-to-image translation to transform labeled images on a source domain to synthetic labeled images on an unlabeled target domain and (ii) uses the resulting synthetic labeled images to train a detection network on the target domain. Extensive experiments show the superiority of the proposed approach against the state-of-the-art 'intra-domain' detection based on fully-supervised learning. 
### 28.A Projectional Ansatz to Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04675.pdf)
>  Recently the field of inverse problems has seen a growing usage of mathematically only partially understood learned and non-learned priors. Based on first principles we develop a projectional approach to inverse problems which addresses the incorporation of these priors, while still guaranteeing data consistency. We implement this projectional method (PM) on the one hand via very general Plug-and-Play priors and on the other hand via an end-to-end training approach. To this end we introduce a novel alternating neural architecture, allowing for the incorporation of highly customized priors from data in a principled manner. We also show how the recent success of Regularization by Denoising (RED) can, at least to some extent, be explained as an approximation of the PM. Furthermore we demonstrate how the idea can be applied to stop the degradation of Deep Image Prior (DIP) reconstructions over time. 
### 29.Playing Go without Game Tree Search Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04658.pdf)
>  The game of Go has a long history in East Asian countries, but the field of Computer Go has yet to catch up to humans until the past couple of years. While the rules of Go are simple, the strategy and combinatorics of the game are immensely complex. Even within the past couple of years, new programs that rely on neural networks to evaluate board positions still explore many orders of magnitude more board positions per second than a professional can. We attempt to mimic human intuition in the game by creating a convolutional neural policy network which, without any sort of tree search, should play the game at or above the level of most humans. We introduce three structures and training methods that aim to create a strong Go player: non-rectangular convolutions, which will better learn the shapes on the board, supervised learning, training on a data set of 53,000 professional games, and reinforcement learning, training on games played between different versions of the network. Our network has already surpassed the skill level of intermediate amateurs simply using supervised learning. Further training and implementation of non-rectangular convolutions and reinforcement learning will likely increase this skill level much further. 
### 30.Out-of-Distribution Detection Using Neural Rendering Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04572.pdf)
>  Out-of-distribution (OoD) detection is a natural downstream task for deep generative models, due to their ability to learn the input probability distribution. There are mainly two classes of approaches for OoD detection using deep generative models, viz., based on likelihood measure and the reconstruction loss. However, both approaches are unable to carry out OoD detection effectively, especially when the OoD samples have smaller variance than the training samples. For instance, both flow based and VAE models assign higher likelihood to images from SVHN when trained on CIFAR-10 images. We use a recently proposed generative model known as neural rendering model (NRM) and derive metrics for OoD. We show that NRM unifies both approaches since it provides a likelihood estimate and also carries out reconstruction in each layer of the neural network. Among various measures, we found the joint likelihood of latent variables to be the most effective one for OoD detection. Our results show that when trained on CIFAR-10, lower likelihood (of latent variables) is assigned to SVHN images. Additionally, we show that this metric is consistent across other OoD datasets. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to show consistently lower likelihood for OoD data with smaller variance with deep generative models. 
### 31.Generating All the Roads to Rome: Road Layout Randomization for Improved Road Marking Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04569.pdf)
>  Road markings provide guidance to traffic participants and enforce safe driving behaviour, understanding their semantic meaning is therefore paramount in (automated) driving. However, producing the vast quantities of road marking labels required for training state-of-the-art deep networks is costly, time-consuming, and simply infeasible for every domain and condition. In addition, training data retrieved from virtual worlds often lack the richness and complexity of the real world and consequently cannot be used directly. In this paper, we provide an alternative approach in which new road marking training pairs are automatically generated. To this end, we apply principles of domain randomization to the road layout and synthesize new images from altered semantic labels. We demonstrate that training on these synthetic pairs improves mIoU of the segmentation of rare road marking classes during real-world deployment in complex urban environments by more than 12 percentage points, while performance for other classes is retained. This framework can easily be scaled to all domains and conditions to generate large-scale road marking datasets, while avoiding manual labelling effort. 
### 32.Progressive Wasserstein Barycenters of Persistence Diagrams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04565.pdf)
>  This paper presents an efficient algorithm for the progressive approximation of Wasserstein barycenters of persistence diagrams, with applications to the visual analysis of ensemble data. Given a set of scalar fields, our approach enables the computation of a persistence diagram which is representative of the set, and which visually conveys the number, data ranges and saliences of the main features of interest found in the set. Such representative diagrams are obtained by computing explicitly the discrete Wasserstein barycenter of the set of persistence diagrams, a notoriously computationally intensive task. In particular, we revisit efficient algorithms for Wasserstein distance approximation [12,51] to extend previous work on barycenter estimation [94]. We present a new fast algorithm, which progressively approximates the barycenter by iteratively increasing the computation accuracy as well as the number of persistent features in the output diagram. Such a progressivity drastically improves convergence in practice and allows to design an interruptible algorithm, capable of respecting computation time constraints. This enables the approximation of Wasserstein barycenters within interactive times. We present an application to ensemble clustering where we revisit the k-means algorithm to exploit our barycenters and compute, within execution time constraints, meaningful clusters of ensemble data along with their barycenter diagram. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real-life data sets report that our algorithm converges to barycenters that are qualitatively meaningful with regard to the applications, and quantitatively comparable to previous techniques, while offering an order of magnitude speedup when run until convergence (without time constraint). Our algorithm can be trivially parallelized to provide additional speedups in practice on standard workstations. [...] 
### 33.Fetal Pose Estimation in Volumetric MRI using a 3D Convolution Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04500.pdf)
>  The performance and diagnostic utility of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in pregnancy is fundamentally constrained by fetal motion. Motion of the fetus, which is unpredictable and rapid on the scale of conventional imaging times, limits the set of viable acquisition techniques to single-shot imaging with severe compromises in signal-to-noise ratio and diagnostic contrast, and frequently results in unacceptable image quality. Surprisingly little is known about the characteristics of fetal motion during MRI and here we propose and demonstrate methods that exploit a growing repository of MRI observations of the gravid abdomen that are acquired at low spatial resolution but relatively high temporal resolution and over long durations (10-30 minutes). We estimate fetal pose per frame in MRI volumes of the pregnant abdomen via deep learning algorithms that detect key fetal landmarks. Evaluation of the proposed method shows that our framework achieves quantitatively an average error of 4.47 mm and 96.4\% accuracy (with error less than 10 mm). Fetal pose estimation in MRI time series yields novel means of quantifying fetal movements in health and disease, and enables the learning of kinematic models that may enhance prospective mitigation of fetal motion artifacts during MRI acquisition. 
### 34.A New Benchmark and Approach for Fine-grained Cross-media Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04476.pdf)
>  Cross-media retrieval is to return the results of various media types corresponding to the query of any media type. Existing researches generally focus on coarse-grained cross-media retrieval. When users submit an image of "Slaty-backed Gull" as a query, coarse-grained cross-media retrieval treats it as "Bird", so that users can only get the results of "Bird", which may include other bird species with similar appearance (image and video), descriptions (text) or sounds (audio), such as "Herring Gull". Such coarse-grained cross-media retrieval is not consistent with human lifestyle, where we generally have the fine-grained requirement of returning the exactly relevant results of "Slaty-backed Gull" instead of "Herring Gull". However, few researches focus on fine-grained cross-media retrieval, which is a highly challenging and practical task. Therefore, in this paper, we first construct a new benchmark for fine-grained cross-media retrieval, which consists of 200 fine-grained subcategories of the "Bird", and contains 4 media types, including image, text, video and audio. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first benchmark with 4 media types for fine-grained cross-media retrieval. Then, we propose a uniform deep model, namely FGCrossNet, which simultaneously learns 4 types of media without discriminative treatments. We jointly consider three constraints for better common representation learning: classification constraint ensures the learning of discriminative features, center constraint ensures the compactness characteristic of the features of the same subcategory, and ranking constraint ensures the sparsity characteristic of the features of different subcategories. Extensive experiments verify the usefulness of the new benchmark and the effectiveness of our FGCrossNet. They will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PKU-ICST-MIPL/FGCrossNet_ACMMM2019" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 35.Coarse Graining of Data via Inhomogeneous Diffusion Condensation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04463.pdf)
>  Big data often has emergent structure that exists at multiple levels of abstraction, which are useful for characterizing complex interactions and dynamics of the observations. Here, we consider multiple levels of abstraction via a multiresolution geometry of data points at different granularities. To construct this geometry we define a time-inhomogeneous diffusion process that effectively condenses data points together to uncover nested groupings at larger and larger granularities. This inhomogeneous process creates a deep cascade of intrinsic low pass filters in the data that are applied in sequence to gradually eliminate local variability while adjusting the learned data geometry to increasingly coarser resolutions. We provide visualizations to exhibit our method as a "continuously-hierarchical" clustering with directions of eliminated variation highlighted at each step. The utility of our algorithm is demonstrated via neuronal data condensation, where the constructed multiresolution data geometry uncovers the organization, grouping, and connectivity between neurons. 
### 36.GluonCV and GluonNLP: Deep Learning in Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04433.pdf)
>  We present GluonCV and GluonNLP, the deep learning toolkits for computer vision and natural language processing based on Apache MXNet (incubating). These toolkits provide state-of-the-art pre-trained models, training scripts, and training logs, to facilitate rapid prototyping and promote reproducible research. We also provide modular APIs with flexible building blocks to enable efficient customization. Leveraging the MXNet ecosystem, the deep learning models in GluonCV and GluonNLP can be deployed onto a variety of platforms with different programming languages. Benefiting from open source under the Apache 2.0 license, GluonCV and GluonNLP have attracted 100 contributors worldwide on GitHub. Models of GluonCV and GluonNLP have been downloaded for more than 1.6 million times in fewer than 10 months. 
### 37.Global Optimality Guarantees for Nonconvex Unsupervised Video Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04409.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of unsupervised video object segmentation via background subtraction. Specifically, we pose the nonsemantic extraction of a video's moving objects as a nonconvex optimization problem via a sum of sparse and low-rank matrices. The resulting formulation, a nonnegative variant of robust principal component analysis, is more computationally tractable than its commonly employed convex relaxation, although not generally solvable to global optimality. In spite of this limitation, we derive intuitive and interpretable conditions on the video data under which the uniqueness and global optimality of the object segmentation are guaranteed using local search methods. We illustrate these novel optimality criteria through example segmentations using real video data. 
### 38.Hybrid system identification using switching density networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.04360.pdf)
>  Behaviour cloning is a commonly used strategy for imitation learning and can be extremely effective in constrained domains. However, in cases where the dynamics of an environment may be state dependent and varying, behaviour cloning places a burden on model capacity and the number of demonstrations required. This paper introduces switching density networks, which rely on a categorical reparametrisation for hybrid system identification. This results in a network comprising a classification layer that is followed by a regression layer. We use switching density networks to predict the parameters of hybrid control laws, which are toggled by a switching layer to produce different controller outputs, when conditioned on an input state. This work shows how switching density networks can be used for hybrid system identification in a variety of tasks, successfully identifying the key joint angle goals that make up manipulation tasks, while simultaneously learning image-based goal classifiers and regression networks that predict joint angles from images. We also show that they can cluster the phase space of an inverted pendulum, identifying the balance, spin and pump controllers required to solve this task. Switching density networks can be difficult to train, but we introduce a cross entropy regularisation loss that stabilises training. 
