# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 14 Nov 2019
### 1.Momentum Contrast for Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05722.pdf)
>  We present Momentum Contrast (MoCo) for unsupervised visual representation learning. From a perspective on contrastive learning as dictionary look-up, we build a dynamic dictionary with a queue and a moving-averaged encoder. This enables building a large and consistent dictionary on-the-fly that facilitates contrastive unsupervised learning. MoCo provides competitive results under the common linear protocol on ImageNet classification. More importantly, the representations learned by MoCo transfer well to downstream tasks. MoCo can outperform its supervised pre-training counterpart in 7 detection/segmentation tasks on PASCAL VOC, COCO, and other datasets, sometimes surpassing it by large margins. This suggests that the gap between unsupervised and supervised representation learning has been largely closed in many vision tasks. 
### 2.Extracting 2D weak labels from volume labels using multiple instance learning in CT hemorrhage detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05650.pdf)
>  Multiple instance learning (MIL) is a supervised learning methodology that aims to allow models to learn instance class labels from bag class labels, where a bag is defined to contain multiple instances. MIL is gaining traction for learning from weak labels but has not been widely applied to 3D medical imaging. MIL is well-suited to clinical CT acquisitions since (1) the highly anisotropic voxels hinder application of traditional 3D networks and (2) patch-based networks have limited ability to learn whole volume labels. In this work, we apply MIL with a deep convolutional neural network to identify whether clinical CT head image volumes possess one or more large hemorrhages (&gt; 20cm$^3$), resulting in a learned 2D model without the need for 2D slice annotations. Individual image volumes are considered separate bags, and the slices in each volume are instances. Such a framework sets the stage for incorporating information obtained in clinical reports to help train a 2D segmentation approach. Within this context, we evaluate the data requirements to enable generalization of MIL by varying the amount of training data. Our results show that a training size of at least 400 patient image volumes was needed to achieve accurate per-slice hemorrhage detection. Over a five-fold cross-validation, the leading model, which made use of the maximum number of training volumes, had an average true positive rate of 98.10%, an average true negative rate of 99.36%, and an average precision of 0.9698. The models have been made available along with source code to enabled continued exploration and adaption of MIL in CT neuroimaging. 
### 3.Air-Writing Translater: A Novel Unsupervised Domain Adaptation Method for Inertia-Trajectory Translation of In-air Handwriting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05649.pdf)
>  As a new way of human-computer interaction, inertial sensor based in-air handwriting can provide a natural and unconstrained interaction to express more complex and richer information in 3D space. However, most of the existing in-air handwriting work is mainly focused on handwritten character recognition, which makes these work suffer from poor readability of inertial signal and lack of labeled samples. To address these two problems, we use unsupervised domain adaptation method to reconstruct the trajectory of inertial signal and generate inertial samples using online handwritten trajectories. In this paper, we propose an AirWriting Translater model to learn the bi-directional translation between trajectory domain and inertial domain in the absence of paired inertial and trajectory samples. Through semantic-level adversarial training and latent classification loss, the proposed model learns to extract domain-invariant content between inertial signal and trajectory, while preserving semantic consistency during the translation across the two domains. We carefully design the architecture, so that the proposed framework can accept inputs of arbitrary length and translate between different sampling rates. We also conduct experiments on two public datasets: 6DMG (in-air handwriting dataset) and CT (handwritten trajectory dataset), the results on the two datasets demonstrate that the proposed network successes in both Inertia-to Trajectory and Trajectory-to-Inertia translation tasks. 
### 4.Exploiting GAN Internal Capacity for High-Quality Reconstruction of Natural Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05630.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have demonstrated impressive results in modeling the distribution of natural images, learning latent representations that capture semantic variations in an unsupervised basis. Beyond the generation of novel samples, it is of special interest to exploit the ability of the GAN generator to model the natural image manifold and hence generate credible changes when manipulating images. However, this line of work is conditioned by the quality of the reconstruction. Until now, only inversion to the latent space has been considered, we propose to exploit the representation in intermediate layers of the generator, and we show that this leads to increased capacity. In particular, we observe that the representation after the first dense layer, present in all state-of-the-art GAN models, is expressive enough to represent natural images with high visual fidelity. It is possible to interpolate around these images obtaining a sequence of new plausible synthetic images that cannot be generated from the latent space. Finally, as an example of potential applications that arise from this inversion mechanism, we show preliminary results in exploiting the learned representation in the attention map of the generator to obtain an unsupervised segmentation of natural images. 
### 5.Prediction of gaze direction using Convolutional Neural Networks for Autism diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05629.pdf)
>  Autism is a developmental disorder that affects social interaction and communication of children. The gold standard diagnostic tools are very difficult to use and time consuming. However, diagnostic could be deduced from child gaze preferences by looking a video with social and abstract scenes. In this work, we propose an algorithm based on convolutional neural networks to predict gaze direction for a fast and effective autism diagnosis. Early results show that our algorithm achieves real-time response and robust high accuracy for prediction of gaze direction. 
### 6.Diagnosis of Pediatric Obstructive Sleep Apnea via Face Classification with Persistent Homology and Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05628.pdf)
>  Obstructive sleep apnea is a serious condition causing a litany of health problems especially in the pediatric population. However, this chronic condition can be treated if diagnosis is possible. The gold standard for diagnosis is an overnight sleep study, which is often unobtainable by many potentially suffering from this condition. Hence, we attempt to develop a fast non-invasive diagnostic tool by training a classifier on 2D and 3D facial images of a patient to recognize facial features associated with obstructive sleep apnea. In this comparative study, we consider both persistent homology and geometric shape analysis from the field of computational topology as well as convolutional neural networks, a powerful method from deep learning whose success in image and specifically facial recognition has already been demonstrated by computer scientists. 
### 7.Wavelets to the Rescue: Improving Sample Quality of Latent Variable Deep Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05627.pdf)
>  Variational Autoencoders (VAE) are probabilistic deep generative models underpinned by elegant theory, stable training processes, and meaningful manifold representations. However, they produce blurry images due to a lack of explicit emphasis over high-frequency textural details of the images, and the difficulty to directly model the complex joint probability distribution over the high-dimensional image space. In this work, we approach these two challenges with a novel wavelet space VAE that uses the decoder to model the images in the wavelet coefficient space. This enables the VAE to emphasize over high-frequency components within an image obtained via wavelet decomposition. Additionally, by decomposing the complex function of generating high-dimensional images into inverse wavelet transformation and generation of wavelet coefficients, the latter becomes simpler to model by the VAE. We empirically validate that deep generative models operating in the wavelet space can generate images of higher quality than the image (RGB) space counterparts. Quantitatively, on benchmark natural image datasets, we achieve consistently better FID scores than VAE based architectures and competitive FID scores with a variety of GAN models for the same architectural and experimental setup. Furthermore, the proposed wavelet-based generative model retains desirable attributes like disentangled and informative latent representation without losing the quality in the generated samples. 
### 8.Traffic Sign Detection and Recognition for Autonomous Driving in Virtual Simulation Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05626.pdf)
>  This study developed a traffic sign detection and recognition algorithm based on the RetinaNet. Two main aspects were revised to improve the detection of traffic signs: image cropping to address the issue of large image and small traffic signs; and using more anchors with various scales to detect traffic signs with different sizes and shapes. The proposed algorithm was trained and tested in a series of autonomous driving front-view images in a virtual simulation environment. Results show that the algorithm performed extremely well under good illumination and weather conditions. Its drawbacks are that it sometimes failed to detect object under bad weather conditions like snow and failed to distinguish speed limits signs with different limit values. 
### 9.Twins Recognition Using Hierarchical Score Level Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05625.pdf)
>  With the development of technology, the usage areas and importance of biometric systems have started to increase. Since the characteristics of each person are different from each other, a single model biometric system can yield successful results. However, because the characteristics of twin people are very close to each other, multiple biometric systems including multiple characteristics of individuals will be more appropriate and will increase the recognition rate. In this study, a multiple biometric recognition system consisting of a combination of multiple algorithms and multiple models was developed to distinguish people from other people and their twins. Ear and voice biometric data were used for the multimodal model and 38 pair of twin ear images and sound recordings were used in the data set. Sound and ear recognition rates were obtained using classical (hand-crafted) and deep learning algorithms. The results obtained were combined with the hierarchical score level fusion method to achieve a success rate of 94.74% in rank-1 and 100% in rank -2. 
### 10.UNO: Uncertainty-aware Noisy-Or Multimodal Fusion for Unanticipated Input Degradation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05611.pdf)
>  The fusion of multiple sensor modalities, especially through deep learning architectures, has been an active area of study. However, an under-explored aspect of such work is whether the methods can be robust to degradations across their input modalities, especially when they must generalize to degradations not seen during training. In this work, we propose an uncertainty-aware fusion scheme to effectively fuse inputs that might suffer from a range of known and unknown degradations. Specifically, we analyze a number of uncertainty measures, each of which captures a different aspect of uncertainty, and we propose a novel way to fuse degraded inputs by scaling modality-specific output softmax probabilities. We additionally propose a novel data-dependent spatial temperature scaling method to complement these existing uncertainty measures. Finally, we integrate the uncertainty-scaled output from each modality using a probabilistic noisy-or fusion method. In a photo-realistic simulation environment (AirSim), we show that our method achieves significantly better results on a semantic segmentation task, compared to state-of-art fusion architectures, on a range of degradations (e.g. fog, snow, frost, and various other types of noise), some of which are unknown during training. We specifically improve upon the state-of-art[1] by 28% in mean IoU on various degradations. [1] Abhinav Valada, Rohit Mohan, and Wolfram Burgard. Self-Supervised Model Adaptation for Multimodal Semantic Segmentation. In: arXiv e-prints, <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1808.03833" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1808.03833">arXiv:1808.03833</a> (Aug. 2018), <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1808.03833" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1808.03833">arXiv:1808.03833</a>. arXiv: <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1808.03833" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1808.03833">1808.03833</a> [cs.CV]. 
### 11.Cost-efficient segmentation of electron microscopy images using active learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05548.pdf)
>  Over the last decade, electron microscopy has improved up to a point that generating high quality gigavoxel sized datasets only requires a few hours. Automated image analysis, particularly image segmentation, however, has not evolved at the same pace. Even though state-of-the-art methods such as U-Net and DeepLab have improved segmentation performance substantially, the required amount of labels remains too expensive. Active learning is the subfield in machine learning that aims to mitigate this burden by selecting the samples that require labeling in a smart way. Many techniques have been proposed, particularly for image classification, to increase the steepness of learning curves. In this work, we extend these techniques to deep CNN based image segmentation. Our experiments on three different electron microscopy datasets show that active learning can improve segmentation quality by 10 to 15% in terms of Jaccard score compared to standard randomized sampling. 
### 12.Vehicle Re-identification: exploring feature fusion using multi-stream convolutional networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05541.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of vehicle re-identification through a network of non-overlapping cameras. As our main contribution, we propose a novel two-stream convolutional neural network (CNN) that simultaneously uses two of the most distinctive and persistent features available: the vehicle appearance and its license plate. This is an attempt to tackle a major problem, false alarms caused by vehicles with similar design or by very close license plate identifiers. In the first network stream, shape similarities are identified by a Siamese CNN that uses a pair of low-resolution vehicle patches recorded by two different cameras. In the second stream, we use a CNN for optical character recognition (OCR) to extract textual information, confidence scores, and string similarities from a pair of high-resolution license plate patches. Then, features from both streams are merged by a sequence of fully connected layers for decision. As part of this work, we created an important dataset for vehicle re-identification with more than three hours of videos spanning almost 3,000 vehicles. In our experiments, we achieved a precision, recall and F -score values of 99.6%, 99.2% and 99.4%, respectively. As another contribution, we discuss and compare three alternative architectures that explore the same features but using additional streams and temporal information. The proposed architectures, trained models, and dataset are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/icarofua/vehicle-ReId" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 13.Multi-domain CT metal artifacts reduction using partial convolution based inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05530.pdf)
>  Recent CT Metal Artifacts Reduction (MAR) methods are often based on image-to-image convolutional neural networks for adjustment of corrupted sinograms or images themselves. In this paper, we are exploring the capabilities of a multi-domain method which consists of both sinogram correction (projection domain step) and restored image correction (image-domain step). Moreover, we propose a formulation of the first step problem as sinogram inpainting which allows us to use methods of this specific field such as partial convolutions. The proposed method allows to achieve state-of-the-art (-75% MSE) improvement in comparison with a classic benchmark - Li-MAR. 
### 14.Crowd Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05449.pdf)
>  Describing a video automatically with natural language is a challenging task in the area of computer vision. In most cases, the on-site situation of great events is reported in news, but the situation of the off-site spectators in the entrance and exit is neglected which also arouses people's interest. Since the deployment of reporters in the entrance and exit costs lots of manpower, how to automatically describe the behavior of a crowd of off-site spectators is significant and remains a problem. To tackle this problem, we propose a new task called crowd video captioning (CVC) which aims to describe the crowd of spectators. We also provide baseline methods for this task and evaluate them on the dataset WorldExpo'10. Our experimental results show that captioning models have a fairly deep understanding of the crowd in video and perform satisfactorily in the CVC task. 
### 15.Statistical Deformation Reconstruction Using Multi-organ Shape Features for Pancreatic Cancer Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05439.pdf)
>  Respiratory motion and the associated deformations of abdominal organs and tumors are essential information in clinical applications. However, inter- and intra-patient multi-organ deformations are complex and have not been statistically formulated, whereas single organ deformations have been widely studied. In this paper, we introduce a multi-organ deformation library and its application to deformation reconstruction based on the shape features of multiple abdominal organs. Statistical multi-organ motion/deformation models of the stomach, liver, left and right kidneys, and duodenum were generated by shape matching their region labels defined on four-dimensional computed tomography images. A total of 250 volumes were measured from 25 pancreatic cancer patients. This paper also proposes a per-region-based deformation learning using the reproducing kernel to predict the displacement of pancreatic cancer for adaptive radiotherapy. The experimental results show that the proposed concept estimates deformations better than general per-patient-based learning models and achieves a clinically acceptable estimation error with a mean distance of 1.2 $\pm$ 0.7 mm and a Hausdorff distance of 4.2 $\pm$ 2.3 mm throughout the respiratory motion. 
### 16.CSPN++: Learning Context and Resource Aware Convolutional Spatial Propagation Networks for Depth Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05377.pdf)
>  Depth Completion deals with the problem of converting a sparse depth map to a dense one, given the corresponding color image. Convolutional spatial propagation network (CSPN) is one of the state-of-the-art (SoTA) methods of depth completion, which recovers structural details of the scene. In this paper, we propose CSPN++, which further improves its effectiveness and efficiency by learning adaptive convolutional kernel sizes and the number of iterations for the propagation, thus the context and computational resources needed at each pixel could be dynamically assigned upon requests. Specifically, we formulate the learning of the two hyper-parameters as an architecture selection problem where various configurations of kernel sizes and numbers of iterations are first defined, and then a set of soft weighting parameters are trained to either properly assemble or select from the pre-defined configurations at each pixel. In our experiments, we find weighted assembling can lead to significant accuracy improvements, which we referred to as "context-aware CSPN", while weighted selection, "resource-aware CSPN" can reduce the computational resource significantly with similar or better accuracy. Besides, the resource needed for CSPN++ can be adjusted w.r.t. the computational budget automatically. Finally, to avoid the side effects of noise or inaccurate sparse depths, we embed a gated network inside CSPN++, which further improves the performance. We demonstrate the effectiveness of CSPN++on the KITTI depth completion benchmark, where it significantly improves over CSPN and other SoTA methods. 
### 17.Self-labelling via simultaneous clustering and representation learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05371.pdf)
>  Combining clustering and representation learning is one of the most promising approaches for unsupervised learning of deep neural networks. However, doing so naively leads to ill posed learning problems with degenerate solutions. In this paper, we propose a novel and principled learning formulation that addresses these issues. The method is obtained by maximizing the information between labels and input data indices. We show that this criterion extends standard cross-entropy minimization to an optimal transport problem, which we solve efficiently for millions of input images and thousands of labels using a fast variant of the Sinkhorn-Knopp algorithm. The resulting method is able to self-label visual data so as to train highly competitive image representations without manual labels. Compared to the best previous method in this class, namely DeepCluster, our formulation minimizes a single objective function for both representation learning and clustering; it also significantly outperforms DeepCluster in standard benchmarks and reaches state of the art for learning a ResNet-50 self-supervisedly. 
### 18.SynSig2Vec: Learning Representations from Synthetic Dynamic Signatures for Real-world Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05358.pdf)
>  An open research problem in automatic signature verification is the skilled forgery attacks. However, the skilled forgeries are very difficult to acquire for representation learning. To tackle this issue, this paper proposes to learn dynamic signature representations through ranking synthesized signatures. First, a neuromotor inspired signature synthesis method is proposed to synthesize signatures with different distortion levels for any template signature. Then, given the templates, we construct a lightweight one-dimensional convolutional network to learn to rank the synthesized samples, and directly optimize the average precision of the ranking to exploit relative and fine-grained signature similarities. Finally, after training, fixed-length representations can be extracted from dynamic signatures of variable lengths for verification. One highlight of our method is that it requires neither skilled nor random forgeries for training, yet it surpasses the state-of-the-art by a large margin on two public benchmarks. 
### 19.Real or Fake? Spoofing State-Of-The-Art Face Synthesis Detection Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05351.pdf)
>  The availability of large-scale facial databases, together with the remarkable progresses of deep learning technologies, in particular Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), have led to the generation of extremely realistic fake facial content, which raises obvious concerns about the potential for misuse. These concerns have fostered the research of manipulation detection methods that, contrary to humans, have already achieved astonishing results in some scenarios. In this study, we focus on the entire face synthesis, which is one specific type of facial manipulation. The main contributions of this study are: i) a novel strategy to remove GAN "fingerprints" from synthetic fake images in order to spoof facial manipulation detection systems, while keeping the visual quality of the resulting images, ii) an in-depth analysis of state-of-the-art detection approaches for the entire face synthesis manipulation, iii) a complete experimental assessment of this type of facial manipulation considering state-of-the-art detection systems, remarking how challenging is this task in unconstrained scenarios, and finally iv) a novel public database named FSRemovalDB produced after applying our proposed GAN-fingerprint removal approach to original synthetic fake images. <br>The observed results led us to conclude that more efforts are required to develop robust facial manipulation detection systems against unseen conditions and spoof techniques such as the one proposed in this study. 
### 20.DupNet: Towards Very Tiny Quantized CNN with Improved Accuracy for Face Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05341.pdf)
>  Deploying deep learning based face detectors on edge devices is a challenging task due to the limited computation resources. Even though binarizing the weights of a very tiny network gives impressive compactness on model size (e.g. 240.9 KB for IFQ-Tinier-YOLO), it is not tiny enough to fit in the embedded devices with strict memory constraints. In this paper, we propose DupNet which consists of two parts. Firstly, we employ weights with duplicated channels for the weight-intensive layers to reduce the model size. Secondly, for the quantization-sensitive layers whose quantization causes notable accuracy drop, we duplicate its input feature maps. It allows us to use more weights channels for convolving more representative outputs. Based on that, we propose a very tiny face detector, DupNet-Tinier-YOLO, which is 6.5X times smaller on model size and 42.0% less complex on computation and meanwhile achieves 2.4% higher detection than IFQ-Tinier-YOLO. Comparing with the full precision Tiny-YOLO, our DupNet-Tinier-YOLO gives 1,694.2X and 389.9X times savings on model size and computation complexity respectively with only 4.0% drop on detection rate (0.880 vs. 0.920). Moreover, our DupNet-Tinier-YOLO is only 36.9 KB, which is the tiniest deep face detector to our best knowledge. 
### 21.Knowledge Representing: Efficient, Sparse Representation of Prior Knowledge for Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05329.pdf)
>  Despite the recent works on knowledge distillation (KD) have achieved a further improvement through elaborately modeling the decision boundary as the posterior knowledge, their performance is still dependent on the hypothesis that the target network has a powerful capacity (representation ability). In this paper, we propose a knowledge representing (KR) framework mainly focusing on modeling the parameters distribution as prior knowledge. Firstly, we suggest a knowledge aggregation scheme in order to answer how to represent the prior knowledge from teacher network. Through aggregating the parameters distribution from teacher network into more abstract level, the scheme is able to alleviate the phenomenon of residual accumulation in the deeper layers. Secondly, as the critical issue of what the most important prior knowledge is for better distilling, we design a sparse recoding penalty for constraining the student network to learn with the penalized gradients. With the proposed penalty, the student network can effectively avoid the over-regularization during knowledge distilling and converge faster. The quantitative experiments exhibit that the proposed framework achieves the state-ofthe-arts performance, even though the target network does not have the expected capacity. Moreover, the framework is flexible enough for combining with other KD methods based on the posterior knowledge. 
### 22.Image Differential Invariants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05327.pdf)
>  Inspired by the methods of systematic derivation of image moment invariants, we design two fundamental differential operators to generate image differential invariants for the action of 2D Euclidean, similarity and affine transformation groups. Each differential invariant obtained by using the new method can be expressed as a homogeneous polynomial of image partial derivatives. When setting the degree of the polynomial and the order of image partial derivatives are less than or equal to 4, we generate all Euclidean differential invariants and discuss the independence of them in detail. In the experimental part, we find the relation between Euclidean differential invariants and Gaussian-Hermite moment invariants when using the derivatives of Gaussian to estimate image partial derivatives. Texture classification and image patch verification are carried out on some synthetic and popular real databases. We mainly evaluate the stability and discriminability of Euclidean differential invariants and analyse the effects of various factors on performance of them. The experimental results validate image Euclidean differential invariants have better performance than some commonly used local image features in most cases. 
### 23.Exploiting Local and Global Structure for Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation with Contextual Point Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05277.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose one novel model for point cloud semantic segmentation, which exploits both the local and global structures within the point cloud based on the contextual point representations. Specifically, we enrich each point representation by performing one novel gated fusion on the point itself and its contextual points. Afterwards, based on the enriched representation, we propose one novel graph pointnet module, relying on the graph attention block to dynamically compose and update each point representation within the local point cloud structure. Finally, we resort to the spatial-wise and channel-wise attention strategies to exploit the point cloud global structure and thereby yield the resulting semantic label for each point. Extensive results on the public point cloud databases, namely the S3DIS and ScanNet datasets, demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model, outperforming the state-of-the-art approaches. Our code for this paper is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fly519/ELGS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 24.Learning Motion Priors for Efficient Video Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05253.pdf)
>  Convolution neural networks have achieved great progress on image object detection task. However, it is not trivial to transfer existing image object detection methods to the video domain since most of them are designed specifically for the image domain. Directly applying an image detector cannot achieve optimal results because of the lack of temporal information, which is vital for the video domain. Recently, image-level flow warping has been proposed to propagate features across different frames, aiming at achieving a better trade-off between accuracy and efficiency. However, the gap between image-level optical flow with high-level features can hinder the spatial propagation accuracy. To achieve a better trade-off between accuracy and efficiency, in this paper, we propose to learn motion priors for efficient video object detection. We first initialize some motion priors for each location and then use them to propagate features across frames. At the same time, Motion priors are updated adaptively to find better spatial correspondences. Without bells and whistles, the proposed framework achieves state-of-the-art performance on the ImageNet VID dataset with real-time speed. 
### 25.Location-aware Upsampling for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05250.pdf)
>  Many successful learning targets such as dice loss and cross-entropy loss have enabled unprecedented breakthroughs in segmentation tasks. Beyond semantic supervision, this paper aims to introduce location prediction into semantic segmentation from a new viewpoint: let pixels determine their own coordinates. Based on this idea, we present a Location-aware Upsampling (LaU) that adaptively refines the interpolating coordinates with trainable offsets. Then, location-aware losses are established by encouraging pixels to move towards well-classified locations. An LaU is offset prediction coupled with interpolation, which is trained end-to-end to generate confidence score at each position from coarse to fine. Guided by location-aware losses, the new module can replace its plain counterpart e.g., bilinear upsampling in a plug-and-play manner to further boost the leading encoder-decoder approaches. Extensive experiments validate the consistent improvement over the state-of-the-art methods on benchmark datasets. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HolmesShuan/Location-aware-Upsampling-for-Semantic-Segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 26.Fast Glare Detection in Document Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05189.pdf)
>  Glare is a phenomenon that occurs when the scene has a reflection of a light source or has one in it. This luminescence can hide useful information from the image, making text recognition virtually impossible. In this paper, we propose an approach to detect glare in images taken by users via mobile devices. Our method divides the document into blocks and collects luminance features from the original image and black-white strokes histograms of the binarized image. Finally, glare is detected using a convolutional neural network on the aforementioned histograms and luminance features. The network consists of several feature extraction blocks, one for each type of input, and the detection block, which calculates the resulting glare heatmap based on the output of the extraction part. The proposed solution detects glare with high recall and f-score. 
### 27.Expression Analysis Based on Face Regions in Read-world Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05188.pdf)
>  Facial emotion recognition is an essential and important aspect of the field of human-machine interaction. Past research on facial emotion recognition focuses on the laboratory environment. However, it faces many challenges in real-world conditions, i.e., illumination changes, large pose variations and partial or full occlusions. Those challenges lead to different face areas with different degrees of sharpness and completeness. Inspired by this fact, we focus on the authenticity of predictions generated by different &lt;emotion, region&gt; pairs. For example, if only the mouth areas are available and the emotion classifier predicts happiness, then there is a question of how to judge the authenticity of predictions. This problem can be converted into the contribution of different face areas to different emotions. In this paper, we divide the whole face into six areas: nose areas, mouth areas, eyes areas, nose to mouth areas, nose to eyes areas and mouth to eyes areas. To obtain more convincing results, our experiments are conducted on three different databases: facial expression recognition + ( FER+), real-world affective faces database (RAF-DB) and expression in-the-wild (ExpW) dataset. Through analysis of the classification accuracy, the confusion matrix and the class activation map (CAM), we can establish convincing results. To sum up, the contributions of this paper lie in two areas: 1) We visualize concerned areas of human faces in emotion recognition; 2) We analyze the contribution of different face areas to different emotions in real-world conditions through experimental analysis. Our findings can be combined with findings in psychology to promote the understanding of emotional expressions. 
### 28.AI in Pursuit of Happiness, Finding Only Sadness: Multi-Modal Facial Emotion Recognition Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05187.pdf)
>  The importance of automated Facial Emotion Recognition (FER) grows the more common human-machine interactions become, which will only continue to increase dramatically with time. A common method to describe human sentiment or feeling is the categorical model the `7 basic emotions', consisting of `Angry', `Disgust', `Fear', `Happiness', `Sadness', `Surprise' and `Neutral'. The `Emotion Recognition in the Wild' (EmotiW) competition is now in its 7th year and has become the standard benchmark for measuring FER performance. The focus of this paper is the EmotiW sub-challenge of classifying videos in the `Acted Facial Expression in the Wild' (AFEW) dataset, consisting of both visual and audio modalities, into one of the above classes. Machine learning has exploded as a research topic in recent years, with advancements in `Deep Learning' a key part of this. Although Deep Learning techniques have been widely applied to the FER task by entrants in previous years, this paper has two main contributions: (i) to apply the latest `state-of-the-art' visual and temporal networks and (ii) exploring various methods of fusing features extracted from the visual and audio elements to enrich the information available to the final model making the prediction. There are a number of complex issues that arise when trying to classify emotions for `in-the-wild' video sequences, which the above two approaches attempt to directly address. There are some positive findings when comparing the results of this paper to past submissions, indicating that further research into the proposed methods and fine-tuning of the models deployed, could result in another step forwards in the field of automated FER. 
### 29.TCT: A Cross-supervised Learning Method for Multimodal Sequence Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05186.pdf)
>  Multimodalities provide promising performance than unimodality in most tasks. However, learning the semantic of the representations from multimodalities efficiently is extremely challenging. To tackle this, we propose the Transformer based Cross-modal Translator (TCT) to learn unimodal sequence representations by translating from other related multimodal sequences on a supervised learning method. Combined TCT with Multimodal Transformer Network (MTN), we evaluate MTN-TCT on the video-grounded dialogue which uses multimodality. The proposed method reports new state-of-the-art performance on video-grounded dialogue which indicates representations learned by TCT are more semantics compared to directly use unimodality. 
### 30.Deep Multi-task Prediction of Lung Cancer and Cancer-free Progression from Censored Heterogenous Clinical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05115.pdf)
>  Annual low dose computed tomography (CT) lung screening is currently advised for individuals at high risk of lung cancer (e.g., heavy smokers between 55 and 80 years old). The recommended screening practice significantly reduces all-cause mortality, but the vast majority of screening results are negative for cancer. If patients at very low risk could be identified based on individualized, image-based biomarkers, the health care resources could be more efficiently allocated to higher risk patients and reduce overall exposure to ionizing radiation. In this work, we propose a multi-task (diagnosis and prognosis) deep convolutional neural network to improve the diagnostic accuracy over a baseline model while simultaneously estimating a personalized cancer-free progression time (CFPT). A novel Censored Regression Loss (CRL) is proposed to perform weakly supervised regression so that even single negative screening scans can provide small incremental value. Herein, we study 2287 scans from 1433 de-identified patients from the Vanderbilt Lung Screening Program (VLSP) and Molecular Characterization Laboratories (MCL) cohorts. Using five-fold cross-validation, we train a 3D attention-based network under two scenarios: (1) single-task learning with only classification, and (2) multi-task learning with both classification and regression. The single-task learning leads to a higher AUC compared with the Kaggle challenge winner pre-trained model (0.878 v. 0.856), and multi-task learning significantly improves the single-task one (AUC 0.895, p&lt;0.01, McNemar test). In summary, the image-based predicted CFPT can be used in follow-up year lung cancer prediction and data assessment. 
### 31.Time-Dynamic Estimates of the Reliability of Deep Semantic Segmentation Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05075.pdf)
>  In the semantic segmentation of street scenes, the reliability of a prediction is of highest interest. The assessment of neural networks by means of uncertainties is a common ansatz to prevent safety issues. As in online applications like automated driving, a video stream of images is available, we present a time-dynamical approach to investigate uncertainties and assess the prediction quality of neural <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://networks.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this end, we track segments over time and gather aggregated metrics per segment, e.g. mean dispersion metrics derived from the softmax output and segment sizes. Due to identifying segments over consecutive frames, we obtain time series of metrics from which we assess prediction quality. We do so by either classifying between intersection over union (IoU) = 0 and IoU &gt; 0 (meta classification) or predicting the IoU directly (meta regression). In our tests, we analyze the influence of the length of the time series on the predictive power of metrics and study different models for meta classification and regression. We use two publicly available DeepLabv3+ networks as well as two street scene datasets, i.e., VIPER as a synthetic one and KITTI based on real data. We achieve classification accuracies of up to 81.20% and AUROC values of up to 88.68% for the task of meta classification. For meta regression we obtain $R^2$ values of up to 87.51%. We show that these results yield improvements compared to other approaches. 
### 32.Affective Computing for Large-Scale Heterogeneous Multimedia Data: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05609.pdf)
>  The wide popularity of digital photography and social networks has generated a rapidly growing volume of multimedia data (i.e., image, music, and video), resulting in a great demand for managing, retrieving, and understanding these data. Affective computing (AC) of these data can help to understand human behaviors and enable wide applications. In this article, we survey the state-of-the-art AC technologies comprehensively for large-scale heterogeneous multimedia data. We begin this survey by introducing the typical emotion representation models from psychology that are widely employed in AC. We briefly describe the available datasets for evaluating AC algorithms. We then summarize and compare the representative methods on AC of different multimedia types, i.e., images, music, videos, and multimodal data, with the focus on both handcrafted features-based methods and deep learning methods. Finally, we discuss some challenges and future directions for multimedia affective computing. 
### 33.Are We Ready for Service Robots? The OpenLORIS-Scene Datasets for Lifelong SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05603.pdf)
>  Service robots should be able to operate autonomously in dynamic and daily changing environments over an extended period of time. While Simultaneous Localization And Mapping (SLAM) is one of the most fundamental problems for robotic autonomy, most existing SLAM works are evaluated with data sequences that are recorded in a short period of time. In real-world deployment, there can be out-of-sight scene changes caused by both natural factors and human activities. For example, in home scenarios, most objects may be movable, replaceable or deformable, and the visual features of the same place may be significantly different in some successive days. Such out-of-sight dynamics pose great challenges to the robustness of pose estimation, and hence a robot's long-term deployment and operation. To differentiate the forementioned problem from the conventional works which are usually evaluated in a static setting in a single run, the term lifelong SLAM is used here to address SLAM problems in an ever-changing environment over a long period of time. To accelerate lifelong SLAM research, we release the OpenLORIS-Scene datasets. The data are collected in real-world indoor scenes, for multiple times in each place to include scene changes in real life. We also design benchmarking metrics for lifelong SLAM, with which the robustness and accuracy of pose estimation are evaluated separately. The datasets and benchmark are available online at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://lifelong-robotic-vision.github.io/dataset/scene" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 34.An Effective Hit-or-Miss Layer Favoring Feature Interpretation as Learned Prototypes Deformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05588.pdf)
>  Neural networks designed for the task of classification have become a commodity in recent years. Many works target the development of more effective networks, which results in a complexification of their architectures with more layers, multiple sub-networks, or even the combination of multiple classifiers, but this often comes at the expense of producing uninterpretable black boxes. In this paper, we redesign a simple capsule network to enable it to synthesize class-representative samples, called prototypes, by replacing the last layer with a novel Hit-or-Miss layer. This layer contains activated vectors, called capsules, that we train to hit or miss a fixed target capsule by tailoring a specific centripetal loss function. This possibility allows to develop a data augmentation step combining information from the data space and the feature space, resulting in a hybrid data augmentation process. We show that our network, named HitNet, is able to reach better performances than those reproduced with the initial CapsNet on several datasets, while allowing to visualize the nature of the features extracted as deformations of the prototypes, which provides a direct insight into the feature representation learned by the network . 
### 35.Understanding the Importance of Single Directions via Representative Substitution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05586.pdf)
>  Understanding the internal representations of deep neural networks (DNNs) is crucal to explain their behavior. The interpretation of individual units, which are neurons in MLPs or convolution kernels in convolutional networks, has been paid much attention given their fundamental role. However, recent research (Morcos et al. 2018) presented a counterintuitive phenomenon, which suggests that an individual unit with high class selectivity, called interpretable units, has poor contributions to generalization of DNNs. In this work, we provide a new perspective to understand this counterintuitive phenomenon, which makes sense when we introduce Representative Substitution (RS). Instead of individually selective units with classes, the RS refers to the independence of a unit's representations in the same layer without any annotation. Our experiments demonstrate that interpretable units have high RS which are not critical to network's generalization. The RS provides new insights into the interpretation of DNNs and suggests that we need to focus on the independence and relationship of the representations. 
### 36.DARTS: DenseUnet-based Automatic Rapid Tool for brain Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05567.pdf)
>  Quantitative, volumetric analysis of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is a fundamental way researchers study the brain in a host of neurological conditions including normal maturation and aging. Despite the availability of open-source brain segmentation software, widespread clinical adoption of volumetric analysis has been hindered due to processing times and reliance on manual corrections. Here, we extend the use of deep learning models from proof-of-concept, as previously reported, to present a comprehensive segmentation of cortical and deep gray matter brain structures matching the standard regions of aseg+aparc included in the commonly used open-source tool, Freesurfer. The work presented here provides a real-life, rapid deep learning-based brain segmentation tool to enable clinical translation as well as research application of quantitative brain segmentation. The advantages of the presented tool include short (~1 minute) processing time and improved segmentation quality. This is the first study to perform quick and accurate segmentation of 102 brain regions based on the surface-based protocol (DMK protocol), widely used by experts in the field. This is also the first work to include an expert reader study to assess the quality of the segmentation obtained using a deep-learning-based model. We show the superior performance of our deep-learning-based models over the traditional segmentation tool, Freesurfer. We refer to the proposed deep learning-based tool as DARTS (DenseUnet-based Automatic Rapid Tool for brain Segmentation). Our tool and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NYUMedML/DARTS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 37.Avoiding hashing and encouraging visual semantics in referential emergent language games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05546.pdf)
>  There has been an increasing interest in the area of emergent communication between agents which learn to play referential signalling games with realistic images. In this work, we consider the signalling game setting of Havrylov and Titov and investigate the effect of the feature extractor's weights and of the task being solved on the visual semantics learned or captured by the models. We impose various augmentation to the input images and additional tasks in the game with the aim to induce visual representations which capture conceptual properties of images. Through our set of experiments, we demonstrate that communication systems which capture visual semantics can be learned in a completely self-supervised manner by playing the right types of game. 
### 38.IStego100K: Large-scale Image Steganalysis Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05542.pdf)
>  In order to promote the rapid development of image steganalysis technology, in this paper, we construct and release a multivariable large-scale image steganalysis dataset called IStego100K. It contains 208,104 images with the same size of 1024*1024. Among them, 200,000 images (100,000 cover-stego image pairs) are divided as the training set and the remaining 8,104 as testing set. In addition, we hope that IStego100K can help researchers further explore the development of universal image steganalysis algorithms, so we try to reduce limits on the images in IStego100K. For each image in IStego100K, the quality factors is randomly set in the range of 75-95, the steganographic algorithm is randomly selected from three well-known steganographic algorithms, which are J-uniward, nsF5 and UERD, and the embedding rate is also randomly set to be a value of 0.1-0.4. In addition, considering the possible mismatch between training samples and test samples in real environment, we add a test set (DS-Test) whose source of samples are different from the training set. We hope that this test set can help to evaluate the robustness of steganalysis algorithms. We tested the performance of some latest steganalysis algorithms on IStego100K, with specific results and analysis details in the experimental part. We hope that the IStego100K dataset will further promote the development of universal image steganalysis technology. The description of IStego100K and instructions for use can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YangzlTHU/IStego100K" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 39.Learning from a Teacher using Unlabeled Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05275.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation is a widely used technique for model compression. We posit that the teacher model used in a distillation setup, captures relationships between classes, that extend beyond the original dataset. We empirically show that a teacher model can transfer this knowledge to a student model even on an {\it out-of-distribution} dataset. Using this approach, we show promising results on MNIST, CIFAR-10, and Caltech-256 datasets using unlabeled image data from different sources. Our results are encouraging and help shed further light from the perspective of understanding knowledge distillation and utilizing unlabeled data to improve model quality. 
### 40.Learning Non-Parametric Invariances from Data with Permanent Random Connectomes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05266.pdf)
>  One of the fundamental problems in supervised classification and in machine learning in general, is the modelling of non-parametric invariances that exist in data. Most prior art has focused on enforcing priors in the form of invariances to parametric nuisance transformations that are expected to be present in data. Learning non-parametric invariances directly from data remains an important open problem. In this paper, we introduce a new architectural layer for convolutional networks which is capable of learning general invariances from data itself. This layer can learn invariance to non-parametric transformations and interestingly, motivates and incorporates permanent random connectomes, thereby being called Permanent Random Connectome Non-Parametric Transformation Networks (PRC-NPTN). PRC-NPTN networks are initialized with random connections (not just weights) which are a small subset of the connections in a fully connected convolution layer. Importantly, these connections in PRC-NPTNs once initialized remain permanent throughout training and testing. Permanent random connectomes make these architectures loosely more biologically plausible than many other mainstream network architectures which require highly ordered structures. We motivate randomly initialized connections as a simple method to learn invariance from data itself while invoking invariance towards multiple nuisance transformations simultaneously. We find that these randomly initialized permanent connections have positive effects on generalization, outperform much larger ConvNet baselines and the recently proposed Non-Parametric Transformation Network (NPTN) on benchmarks that enforce learning invariances from the data itself. 
### 41.A Hierarchy of Graph Neural Networks Based on Learnable Local Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05256.pdf)
>  Graph neural networks (GNNs) are a powerful tool to learn representations on graphs by iteratively aggregating features from node neighbourhoods. Many variant models have been proposed, but there is limited understanding on both how to compare different architectures and how to construct GNNs systematically. Here, we propose a hierarchy of GNNs based on their aggregation regions. We derive theoretical results about the discriminative power and feature representation capabilities of each class. Then, we show how this framework can be utilized to systematically construct arbitrarily powerful GNNs. As an example, we construct a simple architecture that exceeds the expressiveness of the Weisfeiler-Lehman graph isomorphism test. We empirically validate our theory on both synthetic and real-world benchmarks, and demonstrate our example's theoretical power translates to strong results on node classification, graph classification, and graph regression tasks. 
### 42.Selective Brain Damage: Measuring the Disparate Impact of Model Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05248.pdf)
>  Neural network pruning techniques have demonstrated it is possible to remove the majority of weights in a network with surprisingly little degradation to test set accuracy. However, this measure of performance conceals significant differences in how different classes and images are impacted by pruning. We find that certain examples, which we term pruning identified exemplars (PIEs), and classes are systematically more impacted by the introduction of sparsity. Removing PIE images from the test-set greatly improves top-1 accuracy for both pruned and non-pruned models. These hard-to-generalize-to images tend to be mislabelled, of lower image quality, depict multiple objects or require fine-grained classification. These findings shed light on previously unknown trade-offs, and suggest that a high degree of caution should be exercised before pruning is used in sensitive domains. 
### 43.Clustering by Directly Disentangling Latent Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05210.pdf)
>  To overcome the high dimensionality of data, learning latent feature representations for clustering has been widely studied recently. However, it is still challenging to learn "cluster-friendly" latent representations due to the unsupervised fashion of clustering. In this paper, we propose Disentangling Latent Space Clustering (DLS-Clustering), a new clustering mechanism that directly learning cluster assignment during the disentanglement of latent spacing without constructing the "cluster-friendly" latent representation and additional clustering methods. We achieve the bidirectional mapping by enforcing an inference network (i.e. encoder) and the generator of GAN to form a deterministic encoder-decoder pair with a maximum mean discrepancy (MMD)-based regularization. We utilize a weight-sharing procedure to disentangle latent space into the one-hot discrete latent variables and the continuous latent variables. The disentangling process is actually performing the clustering operation. Eventually the one-hot discrete latent variables can be directly expressed as clusters, and the continuous latent variables represent remaining unspecified factors. Experiments on six benchmark datasets of different types demonstrate that our method outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods. We further show that the latent representations from DLS-Clustering also maintain the ability to generate diverse and high-quality images, which can support more promising application scenarios. 
### 44.Pose estimation and bin picking for deformable products  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05185.pdf)
>  Robotic systems in manufacturing applications commonly assume known object geometry and appearance. This simplifies the task for the 3D perception algorithms and allows the manipulation to be more deterministic. However, those approaches are not easily transferable to the agricultural and food domains due to the variability and deformability of natural food. We demonstrate an approach applied to poultry products that allows picking up a whole chicken from an unordered bin using a suction cup gripper, estimating its pose using a Deep Learning approach, and placing it in a canonical orientation where it can be further processed. Our robotic system was experimentally evaluated and is able to generalize to object variations and achieves high accuracy on bin picking and pose estimation tasks in a real-world environment. 
### 45.Unsupervised Medical Image Segmentation with Adversarial Networks: From Edge Diagrams to Segmentation Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05140.pdf)
>  We develop and approach to unsupervised semantic medical image segmentation that extends previous work with generative adversarial networks. We use existing edge detection methods to construct simple edge diagrams, train a generative model to convert them into synthetic medical images, and construct a dataset of synthetic images with known segmentations using variations on extracted edge diagrams. This synthetic dataset is then used to train a supervised image segmentation model. We test our approach on a clinical dataset of kidney ultrasound images and the benchmark ISIC 2018 skin lesion dataset. We show that our unsupervised approach is more accurate than previous unsupervised methods, and performs reasonably compared to supervised image segmentation models. All code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kiretd/Unsupervised-MIseg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 46.Semi-Supervised Multi-Organ Segmentation through Quality Assurance Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05113.pdf)
>  Human in-the-loop quality assurance (QA) is typically performed after medical image segmentation to ensure that the systems are performing as intended, as well as identifying and excluding outliers. By performing QA on large-scale, previously unlabeled testing data, categorical QA scores can be generatedIn this paper, we propose a semi-supervised multi-organ segmentation deep neural network consisting of a traditional segmentation model generator and a QA involved discriminator. A large-scale dataset of 2027 volumes are used to train the generator, whose 2-D montage images and segmentation mask with QA scores are used to train the discriminator. To generate the QA scores, the 2-D montage images were reviewed manually and coded 0 (success), 1 (errors consistent with published performance), and 2 (gross failure). Then, the ResNet-18 network was trained with 1623 montage images in equal distribution of all three code labels and achieved an accuracy 94% for classification predictions with 404 montage images withheld for the test cohort. To assess the performance of using the QA supervision, the discriminator was used as a loss function in a multi-organ segmentation pipeline. The inclusion of QA-loss function boosted performance on the unlabeled test dataset from 714 patients to 951 patients over the baseline model. Additionally, the number of failures decreased from 606 (29.90%) to 402 (19.83%). The contributions of the proposed method are threefold: We show that (1) the QA scores can be used as a loss function to perform semi-supervised learning for unlabeled data, (2) the well trained discriminator is learnt by QA score rather than traditional true/false, and (3) the performance of multi-organ segmentation on unlabeled datasets can be fine-tuned with more robust and higher accuracy than the original baseline method. 
### 47.Learning From Brains How to Regularize Machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05072.pdf)
>  Despite impressive performance on numerous visual tasks, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) --- unlike brains --- are often highly sensitive to small perturbations of their input, e.g. adversarial noise leading to erroneous decisions. We propose to regularize CNNs using large-scale neuroscience data to learn more robust neural features in terms of representational similarity. We presented natural images to mice and measured the responses of thousands of neurons from cortical visual areas. Next, we denoised the notoriously variable neural activity using strong predictive models trained on this large corpus of responses from the mouse visual system, and calculated the representational similarity for millions of pairs of images from the model's predictions. We then used the neural representation similarity to regularize CNNs trained on image classification by penalizing intermediate representations that deviated from neural ones. This preserved performance of baseline models when classifying images under standard benchmarks, while maintaining substantially higher performance compared to baseline or control models when classifying noisy images. Moreover, the models regularized with cortical representations also improved model robustness in terms of adversarial attacks. This demonstrates that regularizing with neural data can be an effective tool to create an inductive bias towards more robust inference. 
