# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 19 Nov 2019
### 1.Unsupervised Representation Learning by Discovering Reliable Image Relations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07808.pdf)
>  Learning robust representations that allow to reliably establish relations between images is of paramount importance for virtually all of computer vision. Annotating the quadratic number of pairwise relations between training images is simply not feasible, while unsupervised inference is prone to noise, thus leaving the vast majority of these relations to be unreliable. To nevertheless find those relations which can be reliably utilized for learning, we follow a divide-and-conquer strategy: We find reliable similarities by extracting compact groups of images and reliable dissimilarities by partitioning these groups into subsets, converting the complicated overall problem into few reliable local subproblems. For each of the subsets we obtain a representation by learning a mapping to a target feature space so that their reliable relations are kept. Transitivity relations between the subsets are then exploited to consolidate the local solutions into a concerted global representation. While iterating between grouping, partitioning, and learning, we can successively use more and more reliable relations which, in turn, improves our image representation. In experiments, our approach shows state-of-the-art performance on unsupervised classification on ImageNet with 46.0% and competes favorably on different transfer learning tasks on PASCAL VOC. 
### 2.Action Anticipation with RBF KernelizedFeature Mapping RNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07806.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel Recurrent Neural Network-based algorithm for future video feature generation and action anticipation called feature mapping RNN. Our novel RNN architecture builds upon three effective principles of machine learning, namely parameter sharing, Radial Basis Function kernels and adversarial training. Using only some of the earliest frames of a video, the feature mapping RNN is able to generate future features with a fraction of the parameters needed in traditional RNN. By feeding these future features into a simple multi-layer perceptron facilitated with an RBF kernel layer, we are able to accurately predict the action in the video. In our experiments, we obtain 18% improvement on JHMDB-21 dataset, 6% on UCF101-24 and 13% improvement on UT-Interaction datasets over prior state-of-the-art for action anticipation. 
### 3.AIM 2019 Challenge on Real-World Image Super-Resolution: Methods and Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07783.pdf)
>  This paper reviews the AIM 2019 challenge on real world super-resolution. It focuses on the participating methods and final results. The challenge addresses the real world setting, where paired true high and low-resolution images are unavailable. For training, only one set of source input images is therefore provided in the challenge. In Track~1: Source Domain the aim is to super-resolve such images while preserving the low level image characteristics of the source input domain. In Track~2: Target Domain a set of high-quality images is also provided for training, that defines the output domain and desired quality of the super-resolved images. To allow for quantitative evaluation, the source input images in both tracks are constructed using artificial, but realistic, image degradations. The challenge is the first of its kind, aiming to advance the state-of-the-art and provide a standard benchmark for this newly emerging task. In total 7 teams competed in the final testing phase, demonstrating new and innovative solutions to the problem. 
### 4.DeepPFCN: Deep Parallel Feature Consensus Network For Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07776.pdf)
>  Person re-identification aims to associate images of the same person over multiple non-overlapping camera views at different times. Depending on the human operator, manual re-identification in large camera networks is highly time consuming and erroneous. Automated person re-identification is required due to the extensive quantity of visual data produced by rapid inflation of large scale distributed multi-camera systems. The state-of-the-art works focus on learning and factorize person appearance features into latent discriminative factors at multiple semantic levels. We propose Deep Parallel Feature Consensus Network (DeepPFCN), a novel network architecture that learns multi-scale person appearance features using convolutional neural networks. This model factorizes the visual appearance of a person into latent discriminative factors at multiple semantic levels. Finally consensus is built. The feature representations learned by DeepPFCN are more robust for the person re-identification task, as we learn discriminative scale-specific features and maximize multi-scale feature fusion selections in multi-scale image inputs. We further exploit average and max pooling in separate scale for person-specific task to discriminate features globally and locally. We demonstrate the re-identification advantages of the proposed DeepPFCN model over the state-of-the-art re-identification methods on three benchmark datasets: Market1501, DukeMTMCreID, and CUHK03. We have achieved mAP results of 75.8%, 64.3%, and 52.6% respectively on these benchmark datasets. 
### 5.MaskedFusion: Mask-based 6D Object Pose Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07771.pdf)
>  MaskedFusion is a framework to estimate 6D pose of objects using RGB-D data, with an architecture that leverages multiple stages in a pipeline to achieve accurate 6D poses. 6D pose estimation is an open challenge due to complex world objects and many possible problems when capturing data from the real world, e.g., occlusions, truncations, and noise in the data. Achieving accurate 6D poses will improve results in other open problems like robot grasping or positioning objects in augmented reality. MaskedFusion improves upon DenseFusion where the key differences are in pre-processing data before it enters the Neural Network (NN), eliminating non-relevant data, and adding additional features extracted from the mask of the objects to the NN to improve its estimation. It achieved $5.9mm$ average error on the widely used LineMOD dataset, which is an improvement, of more than 20\%, compared to the state-of-the-art method, DenseFusion. 
### 6.Satellite Image Time Series Classification with Pixel-Set Encoders and Temporal Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07757.pdf)
>  Satellite image time series, bolstered by their growing availability, are at the forefront of an extensive effort towards automated Earth monitoring by international institutions. In particular, large-scale control of agricultural parcels is an issue of major political and economic importance. In this regard, hybrid convolutional-recurrent neural architectures have shown promising results for the automated classification of satellite image time series.We propose an alternative approach in which the convolutional layers are advantageously replaced with encoders operating on unordered sets of pixels to exploit the typically coarse resolution of publicly available satellite images. We also propose to extract temporal features using a bespoke neural architecture based on self-attention instead of recurrent networks. We demonstrate experimentally that our method not only outperforms previous state-of-the-art approaches in terms of precision, but also significantly decreases processing time and memory requirements. Lastly, we release a large open-access annotated dataset as a benchmark for future work on satellite image time series. 
### 7.DeepSat V2: Feature Augmented Convolutional Neural Nets for Satellite Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07747.pdf)
>  Satellite image classification is a challenging problem that lies at the crossroads of remote sensing, computer vision, and machine learning. Due to the high variability inherent in satellite data, most of the current object classification approaches are not suitable for handling satellite datasets. The progress of satellite image analytics has also been inhibited by the lack of a single labeled high-resolution dataset with multiple class labels. In a preliminary version of this work, we introduced two new high resolution satellite imagery datasets (SAT-4 and SAT-6) and proposed DeepSat framework for classification based on "handcrafted" features and a deep belief network (DBN). The present paper is an extended version, we present an end-to-end framework leveraging an improved architecture that augments a convolutional neural network (CNN) with handcrafted features (instead of using DBN-based architecture) for classification. Our framework, having access to fused spatial information obtained from handcrafted features as well as CNN feature maps, have achieved accuracies of 99.90% and 99.84% respectively, on SAT-4 and SAT-6, surpassing all the other state-of-the-art results. A statistical analysis based on Distribution Separability Criterion substantiates the robustness of our approach in learning better representations for satellite imagery. 
### 8.Oriented Boxes for Accurate Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07732.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art instance-aware semantic segmentation algorithms use axis-aligned bounding boxes as an intermediate processing step to infer the final instance mask output. This leads to coarse and inaccurate mask proposals due to the following reasons: Axis-aligned boxes have a high background to foreground pixel-ratio, there is a strong variation of mask targets with respect to the underlying box, and neighboring instances frequently reach into the axis-aligned bounding box of the instance mask of interest. <br>In this work, we overcome these problems and propose using oriented boxes as the basis to infer instance masks. We show that oriented instance segmentation leads to very accurate mask predictions, especially when objects are diagonally aligned, touching, or overlapping each other. We evaluate our model on the D2S and Screws datasets and show that we can significantly improve the mask accuracy by 7% and 11% mAP (14.9% and 27.5% relative improvement), respectively. 
### 9.Affine Self Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07704.pdf)
>  Attention mechanisms, and most prominently self-attention, are a powerful building block for processing not only text but also images. These provide a parameter efficient method for aggregating inputs. We focus on self-attention in vision models, and we combine it with convolution, which as far as we know, are the first to do. What emerges is a convolution with data dependent filters. We call this an Affine Self Convolution. While this is applied differently at each spatial location, we show that it is translation equivariant. We also modify the Squeeze and Excitation variant of attention, extending both variants of attention to the roto-translation group. We evaluate these new models on CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 and show an improvement in the number of parameters, while reaching comparable or higher accuracy at test time against self-trained baselines. 
### 10.Automatic Image Co-Segmentation: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07685.pdf)
>  Image co-segmentation is important for its advantage of alleviating the ill-pose nature of image segmentation through exploring the correlation between related images. Many automatic image co-segmentation algorithms have been developed in the last decade, which are investigated comprehensively in this paper. We firstly analyze visual/semantic cues for guiding image co-segmentation, including object cues and correlation cues. Then we describe the traditional methods in three categories of object elements based, object regions/contours based, common object model based. In the next part, deep learning based methods are reviewed. Furthermore, widely used test datasets and evaluation criteria are introduced and the reported performances of the surveyed algorithms are compared with each other. Finally, we discuss the current challenges and possible future directions and conclude the paper. Hopefully, this comprehensive investigation will be helpful for the development of image co-segmentation technique. 
### 11.GLMNet: Graph Learning-Matching Networks for Feature Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07681.pdf)
>  Recently, graph convolutional networks (GCNs) have shown great potential for the task of graph matching. It can integrate graph node feature embedding, node-wise affinity learning and matching optimization together in a unified end-to-end model. One important aspect of graph matching is the construction of two matching graphs. However, the matching graphs we feed to existing graph convolutional matching networks are generally fixed and independent of graph matching, which thus are not guaranteed to be optimal for the graph matching task. Also, existing GCN matching method employs several general smoothing-based graph convolutional layers to generate graph node embeddings, in which extensive smoothing convolution operation may dilute the desired discriminatory information of graph nodes. To overcome these issues, we propose a novel Graph Learning-Matching Network (GLMNet) for graph matching problem. GLMNet has three main aspects. (1) It integrates graph learning into graph matching which thus adaptively learn a pair of optimal graphs that best serve graph matching task. (2) It further employs a Laplacian sharpening convolutional module to generate more discriminative node embeddings for graph matching. (3) A new constraint regularized loss is designed for GLMNet training which can encode the desired one-to-one matching constraints in matching optimization. Experiments on two benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of GLMNet and advantages of its main modules. 
### 12.Domain Generalization Using a Mixture of Multiple Latent Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07661.pdf)
>  When domains, which represent underlying data distributions, vary during training and testing processes, deep neural networks suffer a drop in their performance. Domain generalization allows improvements in the generalization performance for unseen target domains by using multiple source domains. Conventional methods assume that the domain to which each sample belongs is known in training. However, many datasets, such as those collected via web crawling, contain a mixture of multiple latent domains, in which the domain of each sample is unknown. This paper introduces domain generalization using a mixture of multiple latent domains as a novel and more realistic scenario, where we try to train a domain-generalized model without using domain labels. To address this scenario, we propose a method that iteratively divides samples into latent domains via clustering, and which trains the domain-invariant feature extractor shared among the divided latent domains via adversarial learning. We assume that the latent domain of images is reflected in their style, and thus, utilize style features for clustering. By using these features, our proposed method successfully discovers latent domains and achieves domain generalization even if the domain labels are not given. Experiments show that our proposed method can train a domain-generalized model without using domain labels. Moreover, it outperforms conventional domain generalization methods, including those that utilize domain labels. 
### 13.Signal Clustering with Class-independent Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07590.pdf)
>  Radar signals have been dramatically increasing in complexity, limiting the source separation ability of traditional approaches. In this paper we propose a Deep Learning-based clustering method, which encodes concurrent signals into images, and, for the first time, tackles clustering with image segmentation. Novel loss functions are introduced to optimize a Neural Network to separate the input pulses into pure and non-fragmented clusters. Outperforming a variety of baselines, the proposed approach is capable of clustering inputs directly with a Neural Network, in an end-to-end fashion. 
### 14.Bias-Aware Heapified Policy for Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07574.pdf)
>  The data efficiency of learning-based algorithms is more and more important since high-quality and clean data is expensive as well as hard to collect. In order to achieve high model performance with the least number of samples, active learning is a technique that queries the most important subset of data from the original dataset. In active learning domain, one of the mainstream research is the heuristic uncertainty-based method which is useful for the learning-based system. Recently, a few works propose to apply policy reinforcement learning (PRL) for querying important data. It seems more general than heuristic uncertainty-based method owing that PRL method depends on data feature which is reliable than human prior. However, there have two problems - sample inefficiency of policy learning and overconfidence, when applying PRL on active learning. To be more precise, sample inefficiency of policy learning occurs when sampling within a large action space, in the meanwhile, class imbalance can lead to the overconfidence. In this paper, we propose a bias-aware policy network called Heapified Active Learning (HAL), which prevents overconfidence, and improves sample efficiency of policy learning by heapified structure without ignoring global inforamtion(overview of the whole unlabeled set). In our experiment, HAL outperforms other baseline methods on MNIST dataset and duplicated MNIST. Last but not least, we investigate the generalization of the HAL policy learned on MNIST dataset by directly applying it on MNIST-M. We show that the agent can generalize and outperform directly-learned policy under constrained labeled sets. 
### 15.FFA-Net: Feature Fusion Attention Network for Single Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07559.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an end-to-end feature fusion at-tention network (FFA-Net) to directly restore the haze-free image. The FFA-Net architecture consists of three key components: <br>1) A novel Feature Attention (FA) module combines Channel Attention with Pixel Attention mechanism, considering that different channel-wise features contain totally different weighted information and haze distribution is uneven on the different image pixels. FA treats different features and pixels unequally, which provides additional flexibility in dealing with different types of information, expanding the representational ability of CNNs. 2) A basic block structure consists of Local Residual Learning and Feature Attention, Local Residual Learning allowing the less important information such as thin haze region or low-frequency to be bypassed through multiple local residual connections, let main network architecture focus on more effective information. 3) An Attention-based different levels Feature Fusion (FFA) structure, the feature weights are adaptively learned from the Feature Attention (FA) module, giving more weight to important features. This structure can also retain the information of shallow layers and pass it into deep layers. <br>The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed FFA-Net surpasses previous state-of-the-art single image dehazing methods by a very large margin both quantitatively and qualitatively, boosting the best published PSNR metric from 30.23db to 35.77db on the SOTS indoor test dataset. <br>Code has been made available at GitHub. 
### 16.Multi-Task Learning of Height and Semantics from Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07543.pdf)
>  Aerial or satellite imagery is a great source for land surface analysis, which might yield land use maps or elevation models. In this investigation, we present a neural network framework for learning semantics and local height together. We show how this joint multi-task learning benefits to each task on the large dataset of the 2018 Data Fusion Contest. Moreover, our framework also yields an uncertainty map which allows assessing the prediction of the model. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/marcelampc/mtl_aerial_images" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 17.Aging Deep Face Features: Finding Missing Children  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07538.pdf)
>  Given a gallery of face images of missing children, state-of-the-art face recognition systems fall short in identifying a child (probe) recovered at a later age. We propose an age-progression module that can age-progress deep face features output by any commodity face matcher. For time lapses larger than 10 years (the missing child is found after 10 or more years), the proposed age-progression module improves the closed-set identification accuracy of FaceNet from 40% to 49.56% and CosFace from 56.88% to 61.25% on a child celebrity dataset, namely ITWCC. The proposed method also outperforms state-of-the-art approaches with a rank-1 identification rate from 94.91% to 95.91% on a public aging dataset, FG-NET, and from 99.50% to 99.58% on CACD-VS. These results suggest that aging face features enhances the ability to identify young children who are possible victims of child trafficking or abduction. 
### 18.Ladder Loss for Coherent Visual-Semantic Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07528.pdf)
>  For visual-semantic embedding, the existing methods normally treat the relevance between queries and candidates in a bipolar way -- relevant or irrelevant, and all "irrelevant" candidates are uniformly pushed away from the query by an equal margin in the embedding space, regardless of their various proximity to the query. This practice disregards relatively discriminative information and could lead to suboptimal ranking in the retrieval results and poorer user experience, especially in the long-tail query scenario where a matching candidate may not necessarily exist. In this paper, we introduce a continuous variable to model the relevance degree between queries and multiple candidates, and propose to learn a coherent embedding space, where candidates with higher relevance degrees are mapped closer to the query than those with lower relevance degrees. In particular, the new ladder loss is proposed by extending the triplet loss inequality to a more general inequality chain, which implements variable push-away margins according to respective relevance degrees. In addition, a proper Coherent Score metric is proposed to better measure the ranking results including those "irrelevant" candidates. Extensive experiments on multiple datasets validate the efficacy of our proposed method, which achieves significant improvement over existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 19.SOGNet: Scene Overlap Graph Network for Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07527.pdf)
>  The panoptic segmentation task requires a unified result from semantic and instance segmentation outputs that may contain overlaps. However, current studies widely ignore modeling overlaps. In this study, we aim to model overlap relations among instances and resolve them for panoptic segmentation. Inspired by scene graph representation, we formulate the overlapping problem as a simplified case, named scene overlap graph. We leverage each object's category, geometry and appearance features to perform relational embedding, and output a relation matrix that encodes overlap relations. In order to overcome the lack of supervision, we introduce a differentiable module to resolve the overlap between any pair of instances. The mask logits after removing overlaps are fed into per-pixel instance \verb|id| classification, which leverages the panoptic supervision to assist in the modeling of overlap relations. Besides, we generate an approximate ground truth of overlap relations as the weak supervision, to quantify the accuracy of overlap relations predicted by our method. Experiments on COCO and Cityscapes demonstrate that our method is able to accurately predict overlap relations, and outperform the state-of-the-art performance for panoptic segmentation. Our method also won the Innovation Award in COCO 2019 challenge. 
### 20.The Devil is in the Details: Delving into Unbiased Data Processing for Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07524.pdf)
>  Recently, the leading performance of human pose estimation is dominated by top-down methods. Being a fundamental component in training and inference, data processing has not been systematically considered in pose estimation community, to the best of our knowledge. In this paper, we focus on this problem and find that the devil of top-down pose estimator is in the biased data processing. Specifically, by investigating the standard data processing in state-of-the-art approaches mainly including data transformation and encoding-decoding, we find that the results obtained by common flipping strategy are unaligned with the original ones in inference. Moreover, there is statistical error in standard encoding-decoding during both training and inference. Two problems couple together and significantly degrade the pose estimation performance. Based on quantitative analyses, we then formulate a principled way to tackle this dilemma. Data is processed based on unit length instead of pixel, and an offset-based strategy is adopted to perform encoding-decoding. The Unbiased Data Processing (UDP) for human pose estimation can be achieved by combining the two together. UDP not only boosts the performance of existing methods by a large margin but also plays a important role in result reproducing and future exploration. As a model-agnostic approach, UDP promotes SimpleBaseline-ResNet-50-256x192 by 1.5 AP (70.2 to 71.7) and HRNet-W32-256x192 by 1.7 AP (73.5 to 75.2) on COCO test-dev set. The HRNet-W48-384x288 equipped with UDP achieves 76.5 AP and sets a new state-of-the-art for human pose estimation. The code will be released. 
### 21.Constructing Multiple Tasks for Augmentation: Improving Neural Image Classification With K-means Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07518.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning (MTL) has received considerable attention, and numerous deep learning applications benefit from MTL with multiple objectives. However, constructing multiple related tasks is difficult, and sometimes only a single task is available for training in a dataset. To tackle this problem, we explored the idea of using unsupervised clustering to construct a variety of auxiliary tasks from unlabeled data or existing labeled data. We found that some of these newly constructed tasks could exhibit semantic meanings corresponding to certain human-specific attributes, but some were non-ideal. In order to effectively reduce the impact of non-ideal auxiliary tasks on the main task, we further proposed a novel meta-learning-based multi-task learning approach, which trained the shared hidden layers on auxiliary tasks, while the meta-optimization objective was to minimize the loss on the main task, ensuring that the optimizing direction led to an improvement on the main task. Experimental results across five image datasets demonstrated that the proposed method significantly outperformed existing single task learning, semi-supervised learning, and some data augmentation methods, including an improvement of more than 9% on the Omniglot dataset. 
### 22.AI-based Pilgrim Detection using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07509.pdf)
>  Pilgrimage represents the most important Islamic religious gathering in the world where millions of pilgrims visit the holy places of Makkah and Madinah to perform their rituals. The safety and security of pilgrims is the highest priority for the authorities. In Makkah, 5000 cameras are spread around the holy for monitoring pilgrims, but it is almost impossible to track all events by humans considering the huge number of images collected every second. To address this issue, we propose to use artificial intelligence technique based on deep learning and convolution neural networks to detect and identify Pilgrims and their features. For this purpose, we built a comprehensive dataset for the detection of pilgrims and their genders. Then, we develop two convolutional neural networks based on YOLOv3 and Faster-RCNN for the detection of Pilgrims. Experiments results show that Faster RCNN with Inception v2 feature extractor provides the best mean average precision over all classes of 51%. 
### 23.Fine-Grained Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07478.pdf)
>  We present an elegant framework of fine-grained neural architecture search (FGNAS), which allows to employ multiple heterogeneous operations within a single layer and can even generate compositional feature maps using several different base operations. FGNAS runs efficiently in spite of significantly large search space compared to other methods because it trains networks end-to-end by a stochastic gradient descent method. Moreover, the proposed framework allows to optimize the network under predefined resource constraints in terms of number of parameters, FLOPs and latency. FGNAS has been applied to two crucial applications in resource demanding computer vision tasks---large-scale image classification and image super-resolution---and demonstrates the state-of-the-art performance through flexible operation search and channel pruning. 
### 24.Learning to Synthesize Fashion Textures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07472.pdf)
>  Existing unconditional generative models mainly focus on modeling general objects, such as faces and indoor scenes. Fashion textures, another important type of visual elements around us, have not been extensively studied. In this work, we propose an effective generative model for fashion textures and also comprehensively investigate the key components involved: internal representation, latent space sampling and the generator architecture. We use Gram matrix as a suitable internal representation for modeling realistic fashion textures, and further design two dedicated modules for modulating Gram matrix into a low-dimension vector. Since fashion textures are scale-dependent, we propose a recursive auto-encoder to capture the dependency between multiple granularity levels of texture feature. Another important observation is that fashion textures are multi-modal. We fit and sample from a Gaussian mixture model in the latent space to improve the diversity of the generated textures. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach is capable of synthesizing more realistic and diverse fashion textures over other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 25.Preparing Lessons: Improve Knowledge Distillation with Better Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07471.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) is widely used for training a compact model with the supervision of another large model, which could effectively improve the performance. Previous methods mainly focus on two aspects: 1) training the student to mimic representation space of the teacher; 2) training the model progressively or adding extra module like discriminator. Knowledge from teacher is useful, but it is still not exactly right compared with ground truth. Besides, overly uncertain supervision also influences the result. We introduce two novel approaches, Knowledge Adjustment (KA) and Dynamic Temperature Distillation (DTD), to penalize bad supervision and improve student model. Experiments on CIFAR-100, CINIC-10 and Tiny ImageNet show that our methods get encouraging performance compared with state-of-the-art methods. When combined with other KD-based methods, the performance will be further improved. 
### 26.DirectPose: Direct End-to-End Multi-Person Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07451.pdf)
>  We propose the first direct end-to-end multi-person pose estimation framework, termed DirectPose. Inspired by recent anchor-free object detectors, which directly regress the two corners of target bounding-boxes, the proposed framework directly predicts instance-aware keypoints for all the instances from a raw input image, eliminating the need for heuristic grouping in bottom-up methods or bounding-box detection and RoI operations in top-down ones. We also propose a novel Keypoint Alignment (KPAlign) mechanism, which overcomes the main difficulty: lack of the alignment between the convolutional features and predictions in this end-to-end framework. KPAlign improves the framework's performance by a large margin while still keeping the framework end-to-end trainable. With the only postprocessing non-maximum suppression (NMS), our proposed framework can detect multi-person keypoints with or without bounding-boxes in a single shot. Experiments demonstrate that the end-to-end paradigm can achieve competitive or better performance than previous strong baselines, in both bottom-up and top-down methods. We hope that our end-to-end approach can provide a new perspective for the human pose estimation task. 
### 27.Unsupervised Reinforcement Learning of Transferable Meta-Skills for Embodied Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07450.pdf)
>  Visual navigation is a task of training an embodied agent by intelligently navigating to a target object (e.g., television) using only visual observations. A key challenge for current deep reinforcement learning models lies in the requirements for a large amount of training data. It is exceedingly expensive to construct sufficient 3D synthetic environments annotated with the target object information. In this paper, we focus on visual navigation in the low-resource setting, where we have only a few training environments annotated with object information. We propose a novel unsupervised reinforcement learning approach to learn transferable meta-skills (e.g., bypass obstacles, go straight) from unannotated environments without any supervisory signals. The agent can then fast adapt to visual navigation through learning a high-level master policy to combine these meta-skills, when the visual-navigation-specified reward is provided. Evaluation in the AI2-THOR environments shows that our method significantly outperforms the baseline by 53.34% relatively on SPL, and further qualitative analysis demonstrates that our method learns transferable motor primitives for visual navigation. 
### 28.Large Scale Open-Set Deep Logo Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07440.pdf)
>  We present an open-set logo detection (OSLD) system, which can detect (localize and recognize) any number of unseen logo classes without re-training; it only requires a small set of canonical logo images for each logo class. We achieve this using a two-stage approach: (1) Generic logo detection to detect candidate logo regions in an image. (2) Logo matching for matching the detected logo regions to a set of canonical logo images to recognize them. We also introduce a 'simple deep metric learning' (SDML) framework that outperformed more complicated ensemble and attention models and boosted the logo matching accuracy. Furthermore, we constructed a new open-set logo detection dataset with thousands of logo classes, and will release it for research purposes. We demonstrate the effectiveness of OSLD on our dataset and on the standard Flickr-32 logo dataset, outperforming the state-of-the-art open-set and closed-set logo detection methods by a large margin. 
### 29.Capturing Hand Articulations using Recurrent Neural Network for 3D Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07424.pdf)
>  3D hand pose estimation from a single depth image plays an important role in computer vision and human-computer interaction. Although recent hand pose estimation methods using convolution neural network~(CNN) have shown notable improvements in accuracy, most of them have a limitation that they rely on a complex network structure without fully exploiting the articulated structure of the hand. A hand, which is an articulated object, is composed of six local parts: the palm and five independent fingers. Each finger consists of sequential-joints that provide constrained motion, referred to as a kinematic chain. In this paper, we propose a hierarchically-structured convolutional recurrent neural network~(HCRNN) with six branches that estimate the 3D position of the palm and five fingers independently. The palm position is predicted via fully-connected layers. Each sequential-joint, i.e. finger position, is obtained using a recurrent neural network~(RNN) to capture the spatial dependencies between adjacent joints. HCRNN directly takes the depth map as an input without a time-consuming data conversion, such as 3D voxels and point clouds. Experimental results on public datasets demonstrate that the proposed HCRNN not only outperforms the 2D CNN-based methods using the depth image as their inputs but also achieves competitive results with state-of-the-art 3D CNN-based methods with a highly efficient running speed of 240 fps on a single GPU. 
### 30.Learning to Predict More Accurate Text Instances for Scene Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07423.pdf)
>  At present, multi-oriented text detection methods based on deep neural network have achieved promising performances on various benchmarks. Nevertheless, there are still some difficulties for arbitrary shape text detection, especially for a simple and proper representation of arbitrary shape text instances. In this paper, a pixel-based text detector is proposed to facilitate the representation and prediction of text instances with arbitrary shapes in a simple manner. Firstly, to alleviate the effect of the target vertex sorting and achieve the direct regression of arbitrary shape text instances, the starting-point-independent coordinates regression loss is proposed. Furthermore, to predict more accurate text instances, the text instance accuracy loss is proposed as an assistant task to refine the predicted coordinates under the guidance of IoU. To evaluate the effectiveness of our detector, extensive experiments have been carried on public benchmarks. On the ICDAR 2015 Incidental Scene Text benchmark, our method achieves 86.5% of F-measure, and we obtain 84.8% of F-measure on Total-Text benchmark. The results show that our method can reach state-of-the-art performance. 
### 31.Deep Verifier Networks: Verification of Deep Discriminative Models with Deep Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07421.pdf)
>  AI Safety is a major concern in many deep learning applications such as autonomous driving. Given a trained deep learning model, an important natural problem is how to reliably verify the model's prediction. In this paper, we propose a novel framework --- deep verifier networks (DVN) to verify the inputs and outputs of deep discriminative models with deep generative models. Our proposed model is based on conditional variational auto-encoders with disentanglement constraints. We give both intuitive and theoretical justifications of the model. Our verifier network is trained independently with the prediction model, which eliminates the need of retraining the verifier network for a new model. We test the verifier network on out-of-distribution detection and adversarial example detection problems, as well as anomaly detection problems in structured prediction tasks such as image caption generation. We achieve state-of-the-art results in all of these problems. 
### 32.Potential Field: Interpretable and Unified Representation for Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07414.pdf)
>  Predicting an agent's future trajectory is a challenging task given the complicated stimuli (environmental/inertial/social) of motion. Prior works learn individual stimulus from different modules and fuse the representations in an end-to-end manner, which makes it hard to understand what are actually captured and how they are fused. In this work, we borrow the notion of potential field from physics as an interpretable and unified representation to model all stimuli. This allows us to not only supervise the intermediate learning process, but also have a coherent method to fuse the information of different sources. From the generated potential fields, we further estimate future motion direction and speed, which are modeled as Gaussian distributions to account for the multi-modal nature of the problem. The final prediction results are generated by recurrently moving past location based on the estimated motion direction and speed. We show state-of-the-art results on the ETH, UCY, and Stanford Drone datasets. 
### 33.TSRNet: Scalable 3D Surface Reconstruction Network for Point Clouds using Tangent Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07401.pdf)
>  Existing learning-based surface reconstruction methods from point clouds are still facing challenges in terms of scalability and preservation of details on point clouds of large scales. In this paper, we propose the TSRNet, a novel scalable learning-based method for surface reconstruction. It first takes a point cloud and its related octree vertices as input and learns to classify whether the octree vertices are in front or at back of the implicit surface. Then the Marching Cubes (MC) is applied to extract a surface from the binary labeled octree. In our method, we design a scalable learning-based pipeline for surface reconstruction. It does not consider the whole input data at once. It allows to divide the point cloud and octree vertices and to process different parts in parallel. Our network captures local geometry details by constructing local geometry-aware features for octree vertices. The local geometry-aware features enhance the predication accuracy greatly for the relative position among the vertices and the implicit surface. They also boost the generalization capability of our network. Our method is able to reconstruct local geometry details from point clouds of different scales, especially for point clouds with millions of points. More importantly, the time consumption on such point clouds is acceptable and competitive. Experiments show that our method achieves a significant breakthrough in scalability and quality compared with state-of-the-art learning-based methods. 
### 34.Towards Visually Explaining Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07389.pdf)
>  Recent advances in Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model interpretability have led to impressive progress in visualizing and understanding model predictions. In particular, gradient-based visual attention methods have driven much recent effort in using visual attention maps as a means for visual explanations. A key problem, however, is these methods are designed for classification and categorization tasks, and their extension to explaining generative models, \eg, variational autoencoders (VAE) is not trivial. In this work, we take a step towards bridging this crucial gap, proposing the first technique to visually explain VAEs by means of gradient-based attention. We present methods to generate visual attention from the learned latent space, and also demonstrate such attention explanations serve more than just explaining VAE predictions. We show how these attention maps can be used to localize anomalies in images, demonstrating state-of-the-art performance on the MVTec-AD dataset. We also show how they can be infused into model training, helping bootstrap the VAE into learning improved latent space disentanglement, demonstrated on the Dsprites dataset. 
### 35.Distributed Low Precision Training Without Mixed Precision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07384.pdf)
>  Low precision training is one of the most popular strategies for deploying the deep model on limited hardware resources. Fixed point implementation of DCNs has the potential to alleviate complexities and facilitate potential deployment on embedded hardware. However, most low precision training solution is based on a mixed precision strategy. In this paper, we have presented an ablation study on different low precision training strategy and propose a solution for IEEE FP-16 format throughout the training process. We tested the ResNet50 on 128 GPU cluster on ImageNet-full dataset. We have viewed that it is not essential to use FP32 format to train the deep models. We have viewed that communication cost reduction, model compression, and large-scale distributed training are three coupled problems. 
### 36.Towards Robust RGB-D Human Mesh Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07383.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of human pose estimation. While much recent work has focused on the RGB domain, these techniques are inherently under-constrained since there can be many 3D configurations that explain the same 2D projection. To this end, we propose a new method that uses RGB-D data to estimate a parametric human mesh model. Our key innovations include (a) the design of a new dynamic data fusion module that facilitates learning with a combination of RGB-only and RGB-D datasets, (b) a new constraint generator module that provides SMPL supervisory signals when explicit SMPL annotations are not available, and (c) the design of a new depth ranking learning objective, all of which enable principled model training with RGB-D data. We conduct extensive experiments on a variety of RGB-D datasets to demonstrate efficacy. 
### 37.Learning Similarity Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07381.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of learning similarity functions. While there has been substantial progress in learning suitable distance metrics, these techniques in general lack decision reasoning, i.e., explaining why the input set of images is similar or dissimilar. In this work, we solve this key problem by proposing the first method to generate generic visual similarity explanations with gradient-based attention. We demonstrate that our technique is agnostic to the specific similarity model type, e.g., we show applicability to Siamese, triplet, and quadruplet models. Furthermore, we make our proposed similarity attention a principled part of the learning process, resulting in a new paradigm for learning similarity functions. We demonstrate that our learning mechanism results in more generalizable, as well as explainable, similarity models. Finally, we demonstrate the generality of our framework by means of experiments on a variety of tasks, including image retrieval, person re-identification, and low-shot semantic segmentation. 
### 38.Putting visual object recognition in context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07349.pdf)
>  Context plays an important role in visual recognition. Recent studies have shown that visual recognition networks can be fooled by placing objects in inconsistent contexts (e.g. a cow in the ocean). To understand and model the role of contextual information in visual recognition, we systematically and quantitatively investigated ten critical properties of where, when, and how context modulates recognition including amount of context, context and object resolution, geometrical structure of context, context congruence, time required to incorporate contextual information, and temporal dynamics of contextual modulation. The tasks involve recognizing a target object surrounded with context in a natural image. As an essential benchmark, we first describe a series of psychophysics experiments, where we alter one aspect of context at a time, and quantify human recognition accuracy. To computationally assess performance on the same tasks, we propose a biologically inspired context aware object recognition model consisting of a two-stream architecture. The model processes visual information at the fovea and periphery in parallel, dynamically incorporates both object and contextual information, and sequentially reasons about the class label for the target object. Across a wide range of behavioral tasks, the model approximates human level performance without retraining for each task, captures the dependence of context enhancement on image properties, and provides initial steps towards integrating scene and object information for visual recognition. 
### 39.Fast 3D Pose Refinement with RGB Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07347.pdf)
>  Pose estimation is a vital step in many robotics and perception tasks such as robotic manipulation, autonomous vehicle navigation, etc. Current state-of-the-art pose estimation methods rely on deep neural networks with complicated structures and long inference times. While highly robust, they require computing power often unavailable on mobile robots. We propose a CNN-based pose refinement system which takes a coarsely estimated 3D pose from a computationally cheaper algorithm along with a bounding box image of the object, and returns a highly refined pose. Our experiments on the YCB-Video dataset show that our system can refine 3D poses to an extremely high precision with minimal training data. 
### 40.ELoPE: Fine-Grained Visual Classification with Efficient Localization, Pooling and Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07344.pdf)
>  The task of fine-grained visual classification (FGVC) deals with classification problems that display a small inter-class variance such as distinguishing between different bird species or car models. State-of-the-art approaches typically tackle this problem by integrating an elaborate attention mechanism or (part-) localization method into a standard convolutional neural network (CNN). Also in this work the aim is to enhance the performance of a backbone CNN such as ResNet by including three efficient and lightweight components specifically designed for FGVC. This is achieved by using global k-max pooling, a discriminative embedding layer trained by optimizing class means and an efficient bounding box estimator that only needs class labels for training. The resulting model achieves new best state-of-the-art recognition accuracies on the Stanford cars and FGVC-Aircraft datasets. 
### 41.Counterfactual Vision-and-Language Navigation via Adversarial Path Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07308.pdf)
>  Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN) is a task where agents must decide how to move through a 3D environment to reach a goal by grounding natural language instructions to the visual surroundings. One of the problems of the VLN task is data scarcity since it is difficult to collect enough navigation paths with human-annotated instructions for interactive environments. In this paper, we explore the use of counterfactual thinking as a human-inspired data augmentation method that results in robust models. Counterfactual thinking is a concept that describes the human propensity to create possible alternatives to life events that have already occurred. We propose an adversarial-driven counterfactual reasoning model that can consider effective conditions instead of low-quality augmented data. In particular, we present a model-agnostic adversarial path sampler (APS) that learns to sample challenging paths that force the navigator to improve based on the navigation performance. APS also serves to do pre-exploration of unseen environments to strengthen the model's ability to generalize. We evaluate the influence of APS on the performance of different VLN baseline models using the room-to-room dataset (R2R). The results show that the adversarial training process with our proposed APS benefits VLN models under both seen and unseen environments. And the pre-exploration process can further gain additional improvements under unseen environments. 
### 42.Detecting F-formations &amp; Roles in Crowded Social Scenes with Wearables: Combining Proxemics &amp; Dynamics using LSTMs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07279.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the use of proxemics and dynamics for automatically identifying conversing groups, or so-called F-formations. More formally we aim to automatically identify whether wearable sensor data coming from 2 people is indicative of F-formation membership. We also explore the problem of jointly detecting membership and more descriptive information about the pair relating to the role they take in the conversation (i.e. speaker or listener). We jointly model the concepts of proxemics and dynamics using binary proximity and acceleration obtained through a single wearable sensor per person. We test our approaches on the publicly available MatchNMingle dataset which was collected during real-life mingling events. We find out that fusion of these two modalities performs significantly better than them independently, providing an AUC of 0.975 when data from 30-second windows are used. Furthermore, our investigation into roles detection shows that each role pair requires a different time resolution for accurate detection. 
### 43.Distribution Context Aware Loss for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07273.pdf)
>  To learn the optimal similarity function between probe and gallery images in Person re-identification, effective deep metric learning methods have been extensively explored to obtain discriminative feature embedding. However, existing metric loss like triplet loss and its variants always emphasize pair-wise relations but ignore the distribution context in feature space, leading to inconsistency and sub-optimal. In fact, the similarity of one pair not only decides the match of this pair, but also has potential impacts on other sample pairs. In this paper, we propose a novel Distribution Context Aware (DCA) loss based on triplet loss to combine both numerical similarity and relation similarity in feature space for better clustering. Extensive experiments on three benchmarks including Market-1501, DukeMTMC-reID and MSMT17, evidence the favorable performance of our method against the corresponding baseline and other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 44.Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning with Increasing Object Shape Bias  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07272.pdf)
>  (Very early draft)Traditional supervised learning keeps pushing convolution neural network(CNN) achieving state-of-art performance. However, lack of large-scale annotation data is always a big problem due to the high cost of it, even ImageNet dataset is over-fitted by complex models now. The success of unsupervised learning method represented by the Bert model in natural language processing(NLP) field shows its great potential. And it makes that unlimited training samples becomes possible and the great universal generalization ability changes NLP research direction directly. In this article, we purpose a novel unsupervised learning method based on contrastive predictive coding. Under that, we are able to train model with any non-annotation images and improve model's performance to reach state-of-art performance at the same level of model complexity. Beside that, since the number of training images could be unlimited amplification, an universal large-scale pre-trained computer vision model is possible in the future. 
### 45.On the well-posedness of uncalibrated photometric stereo under general lighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07268.pdf)
>  Uncalibrated photometric stereo aims at estimating the 3D-shape of a surface, given a set of images captured from the same viewing angle, but under unknown, varying illumination. While the theoretical foundations of this inverse problem under directional lighting are well-established, there is a lack of mathematical evidence for the uniqueness of a solution under general lighting. On the other hand, stable and accurate heuristical solutions of uncalibrated photometric stereo under such general lighting have recently been proposed. The quality of the results demonstrated therein tends to indicate that the problem may actually be well-posed, but this still has to be established. The present paper addresses this theoretical issue, considering first-order spherical harmonics approximation of general lighting. Two important theoretical results are established. First, the orthographic integrability constraint ensures uniqueness of a solution up to a global concave-convex ambiguity, which had already been conjectured, yet not proven. Second, the perspective integrability constraint makes the problem well-posed, which generalizes a previous result limited to directional lighting. Eventually, a closed-form expression for the unique least-squares solution of the problem under perspective projection is provided, allowing numerical simulations on synthetic data to empirically validate our findings. 
### 46.Leveraging Multi-view Image Sets for Unsupervised Intrinsic Image Decomposition and Highlight Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07262.pdf)
>  We present an unsupervised approach for factorizing object appearance into highlight, shading, and albedo layers, trained by multi-view real images. To do so, we construct a multi-view dataset by collecting numerous customer product photos online, which exhibit large illumination variations that make them suitable for training of reflectance separation and can facilitate object-level decomposition. The main contribution of our approach is a proposed image representation based on local color distributions that allows training to be insensitive to the local misalignments of multi-view images. In addition, we present a new guidance cue for unsupervised training that exploits synergy between highlight separation and intrinsic image decomposition. Over a broad range of objects, our technique is shown to yield state-of-the-art results for both of these tasks. 
### 47.Learning with Hierarchical Complement Objective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07257.pdf)
>  Label hierarchies widely exist in many vision-related problems, ranging from explicit label hierarchies existed in image classification to latent label hierarchies existed in semantic segmentation. Nevertheless, state-of-the-art methods often deploy cross-entropy loss that implicitly assumes class labels to be exclusive and thus independence from each other. Motivated by the fact that classes from the same parental category usually share certain similarity, we design a new training diagram called Hierarchical Complement Objective Training (HCOT) that leverages the information from label hierarchy. HCOT maximizes the probability of the ground truth class, and at the same time, neutralizes the probabilities of rest of the classes in a hierarchical fashion, making the model take advantage of the label hierarchy explicitly. The proposed HCOT is evaluated on both image classification and semantic segmentation tasks. Experimental results confirm that HCOT outperforms state-of-the-art models in CIFAR-100, ImageNet-2012, and PASCAL-Context. The study further demonstrates that HCOT can be applied on tasks with latent label hierarchies, which is a common characteristic in many machine learning tasks. 
### 48.DualVD: An Adaptive Dual Encoding Model for Deep Visual Understanding in Visual Dialogue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07251.pdf)
>  Different from Visual Question Answering task that requires to answer only one question about an image, Visual Dialogue involves multiple questions which cover a broad range of visual content that could be related to any objects, relationships or semantics. The key challenge in Visual Dialogue task is thus to learn a more comprehensive and semantic-rich image representation which may have adaptive attentions on the image for variant questions. In this research, we propose a novel model to depict an image from both visual and semantic perspectives. Specifically, the visual view helps capture the appearance-level information, including objects and their relationships, while the semantic view enables the agent to understand high-level visual semantics from the whole image to the local regions. Futhermore, on top of such multi-view image features, we propose a feature selection framework which is able to adaptively capture question-relevant information hierarchically in fine-grained level. The proposed method achieved state-of-the-art results on benchmark Visual Dialogue datasets. More importantly, we can tell which modality (visual or semantic) has more contribution in answering the current question by visualizing the gate values. It gives us insights in understanding of human cognition in Visual Dialogue. 
### 49.SiamCAR: Siamese Fully Convolutional Classification and Regression for Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07241.pdf)
>  By decomposing the visual tracking task into two subproblems as classification for pixel category and regression for object bounding box at this pixel, we propose a novel fully convolutional Siamese network to solve visual tracking end-to-end in a per-pixel manner. The proposed framework SiamCAR consists of two simple subnetworks: one Siamese subnetwork for feature extraction and one classification-regression subnetwork for bounding box prediction. Our framework takes ResNet-50 as backbone. Different from state-of-the-art trackers like Siamese-RPN, SiamRPN++ and SPM, which are based on region proposal, the proposed framework is both proposal and anchor free. Consequently, we are able to avoid the tricky hyper-parameter tuning of anchors and reduce human intervention. The proposed framework is simple, neat and effective. Extensive experiments and comparisons with state-of-the-art trackers are conducted on many challenging benchmarks like GOT-10K, LaSOT, UAV123 and OTB-50. Without bells and whistles, our SiamCAR achieves the leading performance with a considerable real-time speed. 
### 50.Real-Time Semantic Segmentation via Multiply Spatial Fusion Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07217.pdf)
>  Real-time semantic segmentation plays a significant role in industry applications, such as autonomous driving, robotics and so on. It is a challenging task as both efficiency and performance need to be considered simultaneously. To address such a complex task, this paper proposes an efficient CNN called Multiply Spatial Fusion Network (MSFNet) to achieve fast and accurate perception. The proposed MSFNet uses Class Boundary Supervision to process the relevant boundary information based on our proposed Multi-features Fusion Module which can obtain spatial information and enlarge receptive field. Therefore, the final upsampling of the feature maps of 1/8 original image size can achieve impressive results while maintaining a high speed. Experiments on Cityscapes and Camvid datasets show an obvious advantage of the proposed approach compared with the existing approaches. Specifically, it achieves 77.1% Mean IOU on the Cityscapes test dataset with the speed of 41 FPS for a 1024*2048 input, and 75.4% Mean IOU with the speed of 91 FPS on the Camvid test dataset. 
### 51.Countering Inconsistent Labelling by Google's Vision API for Rotated Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07201.pdf)
>  Google's Vision API analyses images and provides a variety of output predictions, one such type is context-based labelling. In this paper, it is shown that adversarial examples that cause incorrect label prediction and spoofing can be generated by rotating the images. Due to the black-boxed nature of the API, a modular context-based pre-processing pipeline is proposed consisting of a Res-Net50 model, that predicts the angle by which the image must be rotated to correct its orientation. The pipeline successfully performs the correction whilst maintaining the image's resolution and feeds it to the API which generates labels similar to the original correctly oriented image and using a Percentage Error metric, the performance of the corrected images as compared to its rotated counter-parts is found to be significantly higher. These observations imply that the API can benefit from such a pre-processing pipeline to increase robustness to rotational perturbances. 
### 52.Transductive Zero-Shot Hashing for Multi-Label Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07192.pdf)
>  Hash coding has been widely used in approximate nearest neighbor search for large-scale image retrieval. Given semantic annotations such as class labels and pairwise similarities of the training data, hashing methods can learn and generate effective and compact binary codes. While some newly introduced images may contain undefined semantic labels, which we call unseen images, zeor-shot hashing techniques have been studied. However, existing zeor-shot hashing methods focus on the retrieval of single-label images, and cannot handle multi-label images. In this paper, for the first time, a novel transductive zero-shot hashing method is proposed for multi-label unseen image retrieval. In order to predict the labels of the unseen/target data, a visual-semantic bridge is built via instance-concept coherence ranking on the seen/source data. Then, pairwise similarity loss and focal quantization loss are constructed for training a hashing model using both the seen/source and unseen/target data. Extensive evaluations on three popular multi-label datasets demonstrate that, the proposed hashing method achieves significantly better results than the competing methods. 
### 53.Towards the Automation of Deep Image Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07185.pdf)
>  Single image inverse problem is a notoriously challenging ill-posed problem that aims to restore the original image from one of its corrupted versions. Recently, this field has been immensely influenced by the emergence of deep-learning techniques. Deep Image Prior (DIP) offers a new approach that forces the recovered image to be synthesized from a given deep architecture. While DIP is quite an effective unsupervised approach, it is deprecated in real-world applications because of the requirement of human assistance. In this work, we aim to find the best-recovered image without the assistance of humans by adding a stopping criterion, which will reach maximum when the iteration no longer improves the image quality. More specifically, we propose to add a pseudo noise to the corrupted image and measure the pseudo-noise component in the recovered image by the orthogonality between signal and noise. The accuracy of the orthogonal stopping criterion has been demonstrated for several tested problems such as denoising, super-resolution, and inpainting, in which 38 out of 40 experiments are higher than 95%. 
### 54.Fast Color Constancy with Patch-wise Bright Pixels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07177.pdf)
>  In this paper, a learning-free color constancy algorithm called the Patch-wise Bright Pixels (PBP) is proposed. In this algorithm, an input image is first downsampled and then cut equally into a few patches. After that, according to the modified brightness of each patch, a proper fraction of brightest pixels in the patch is selected. Finally, Gray World (GW)-based methods are applied to the selected bright pixels to estimate the illuminant of the scene. Experiments on NUS $8$-Camera Dataset show that the PBP algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art learning-free methods as well as a broad range of learning-based ones. In particular, PBP processes a $1080$p image within two milliseconds, which is hundreds of times faster than the existing learning-free ones. Our algorithm offers a potential solution to the full-screen smart phones whose screen-to-body ratio is $100$\%. 
### 55.2nd Place Solution in Google AI Open Images Object Detection Track 2019  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07171.pdf)
>  We present an object detection framework based on PaddlePaddle. We put all the strategies together (multi-scale training, FPN, Cascade, Dcnv2, Non-local, libra loss) based on ResNet200-vd backbone. Our model score on public leaderboard comes to 0.6269 with single scale test. We proposed a new voting method called top-k voting-nms, based on the SoftNMS detection results. The voting method helps us merge all the models' results more easily and achieve 2nd place in the Google AI Open Images Object Detection Track 2019. 
### 56.Meta-Reinforced Synthetic Data for One-Shot Fine-Grained Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07164.pdf)
>  One-shot fine-grained visual recognition often suffers from the problem of training data scarcity for new fine-grained classes. To alleviate this problem, an off-the-shelf image generator can be applied to synthesize additional training images, but these synthesized images are often not helpful for actually improving the accuracy of one-shot fine-grained recognition. This paper proposes a meta-learning framework to combine generated images with original images, so that the resulting ``hybrid'' training images can improve one-shot learning. Specifically, the generic image generator is updated by a few training instances of novel classes, and a Meta Image Reinforcing Network (MetaIRNet) is proposed to conduct one-shot fine-grained recognition as well as image reinforcement. The model is trained in an end-to-end manner, and our experiments demonstrate consistent improvement over baselines on one-shot fine-grained image classification benchmarks. 
### 57.Dense Color Constancy with Effective Edge Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07163.pdf)
>  Recently, computational color constancy via convolutional neural networks (CNNs) has received much attention. In this paper, we propose a color constancy algorithm called the Dense Color Constancy (DCC), which employs a self-attention DenseNet to estimate the illuminant based on the $2$D $\log$-chrominance histograms of input images and their augmented edges. The augmented edges help to tell apart the edge and non-edge pixels in the $\log$-histogram, which largely contribute to the feature extraction and color ambiguity elimination, thereby improving the accuracy of illuminant estimation. Experiments on benchmark datasets show that the DCC algorithm is very effective for illuminant estimation compared to the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 58.Weakly Supervised Object Localization with Inter-Intra Regulated CAMs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07160.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object localization (WSOL) aims to locate objects in images by learning only from image-level labels. Current methods are trying to obtain localization results relying on Class Activation Maps (CAMs). Usually, they propose additional CAMs or feature maps generated from internal layers of deep networks to encourage different CAMs to be either \textbf{adversarial} or \textbf{cooperated} with each other. In this work, instead of following one of the two main approaches before, we analyze their internal relationship and propose a novel intra-sample strategy which regulates two CAMs of the same sample, generated from different classifiers, to dynamically adapt each of their pixels involved in adversarial or cooperative process based on their own values. We mathematically demonstrate that our approach is a more general version of the current state-of-the-art method with less hyper-parameters. Besides, we further develop an inter-sample criterion module for our WSOL task, which is originally proposed in co-segmentation problems, to refine generated CAMs of each sample. The module considers a subgroup of samples under the same category and regulates their object regions. With experiment on two widely-used datasets, we show that our proposed method significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art, setting a new record for weakly-supervised object localization. 
### 59.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Object Detection via Cross-Domain Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07158.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art object detectors can have significant performance drop when deployed in the wild due to domain gaps with training data. Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) is a promising approach to adapt models for new domains/environments without any expensive label cost. However, without ground truth labels, most prior works on UDA for object detection tasks can only perform coarse image-level and/or feature-level adaptation by using adversarial learning methods. In this work, we show that such adversarial-based methods can only reduce the domain style gap, but cannot address the domain content distribution gap that is shown to be important for object detectors. To overcome this limitation, we propose the Cross-Domain Semi-Supervised Learning (CDSSL) framework by leveraging high-quality pseudo labels to learn better representations from the target domain directly. To enable SSL for cross-domain object detection, we propose fine-grained domain transfer, progressive-confidence-based label sharpening and imbalanced sampling strategy to address two challenges: (i) non-identical distribution between source and target domain data, (ii) error amplification/accumulation due to noisy pseudo labeling on the target domain. Experiment results show that our proposed approach consistently achieves new state-of-the-art performance (2.2% - 9.5% better than prior best work on mAP) under various domain gap scenarios. The code will be released. 
### 60.Extra Proximal-Gradient Inspired Non-local Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07144.pdf)
>  Variational method and deep learning method are two mainstream powerful approaches to solve inverse problems in computer vision. To take advantages of advanced optimization algorithms and powerful representation ability of deep neural networks, we propose a novel deep network for image reconstruction. The architecture of this network is inspired by our proposed accelerated extra proximal gradient algorithm. It is able to incorporate non-local operation to exploit the non-local self-similarity of the images and to learn the nonlinear transform, under which the solution is sparse. All the parameters in our network are learned from minimizing a loss function. Our experimental results show that our network outperforms several state-of-the-art deep networks with almost the same number of learnable parameter. 
### 61.SMART: Skeletal Motion Action Recognition aTtack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07107.pdf)
>  Adversarial attack has inspired great interest in computer vision, by showing that classification-based solutions are prone to imperceptible attack in many tasks. In this paper, we propose a method, SMART, to attack action recognizers which rely on 3D skeletal motions. Our method involves an innovative perceptual loss which ensures the imperceptibility of the attack. Empirical studies demonstrate that SMART is effective in both white-box and black-box scenarios. Its generalizability is evidenced on a variety of action recognizers and datasets. Its versatility is shown in different attacking strategies. Its deceitfulness is proven in extensive perceptual studies. Finally, SMART shows that adversarial attack on 3D skeletal motion, one type of time-series data, is significantly different from traditional adversarial attack problems. 
### 62.Signed Input Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07086.pdf)
>  Over-parameterized deep models usually over-fit to a given training distribution, which makes them sensitive to small changes and out-of-distribution samples at inference time, leading to low generalization performance. To this end, several model-based and randomized data-dependent regularization methods are applied, such as data augmentation, which prevent a model from memorizing the training distribution. Instead of the random transformation of the input images, we propose SIGN, a new regularization method, which modifies the input variables using a linear transformation by estimating each variable's contribution to the final prediction. Our proposed technique maps the input data to a new manifold where the less important variables are de-emphasized. To test the effectiveness of the proposed idea and compare it with other competing methods, we design several test scenarios, such as classification performance, uncertainty, out-of-distribution, and robustness analyses. We compare the methods using three different datasets and four models. We find that SIGN encourages more compact class representations, which results in the model's robustness to random corruptions and out-of-distribution samples while also simultaneously achieving superior performance on normal data compared to other competing methods. Our experiments also demonstrate the successful transferability of the SIGN samples from one model to another. 
### 63.Unsupervised Deep Metric Learning via Auxiliary Rotation Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07072.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning is an important area due to its applicability to many domains such as image retrieval and person re-identification. The main drawback of such models is the necessity for labeled data. In this work, we propose to generate pseudo-labels for deep metric learning directly from clustering assignment and we introduce unsupervised deep metric learning (UDML) regularized by a self-supervision (SS) task. In particular, we propose to regularize the training process by predicting image rotations. Our method (UDML-SS) jointly learns discriminative embeddings, unsupervised clustering assignments of the embeddings, as well as a self-supervised pretext task. UDML-SS iteratively cluster embeddings using traditional clustering algorithm (e.g., k-means), and sampling training pairs based on the cluster assignment for metric learning, while optimizing self-supervised pretext task in a multi-task fashion. The role of self-supervision is to stabilize the training process and encourages the model to learn meaningful feature representations that are not distorted due to unreliable clustering assignments. The proposed method performs well on standard benchmarks for metric learning, where it outperforms current state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin and it also shows competitive performance with various metric learning loss functions. 
### 64.Maintaining Discrimination and Fairness in Class Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07053.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been applied in class incremental learning, which aims to solve common real-world problems of learning new classes continually. One drawback of standard DNNs is that they are prone to catastrophic forgetting. Knowledge distillation (KD) is a commonly used technique to alleviate this problem. In this paper, we demonstrate it can indeed help the model to output more discriminative results within old classes. However, it cannot alleviate the problem that the model tends to classify objects into new classes, causing the positive effect of KD to be hidden and limited. We observed that an important factor causing catastrophic forgetting is that the weights in the last fully connected (FC) layer are highly biased in class incremental learning. In this paper, we propose a simple and effective solution motivated by the aforementioned observations to address catastrophic forgetting. Firstly, we utilize KD to maintain the discrimination within old classes. Then, to further maintain the fairness between old classes and new classes, we propose Weight Aligning (WA) that corrects the biased weights in the FC layer after normal training process. Unlike previous work, WA does not require any extra parameters or a validation set in advance, as it utilizes the information provided by the biased weights themselves. The proposed method is evaluated on ImageNet-1000, ImageNet-100, and CIFAR-100 under various settings. Experimental results show that the proposed method can effectively alleviate catastrophic forgetting and significantly outperform state-of-the-art methods. 
### 65.All-In-One: Facial Expression Transfer, Editing and Recognition Using A Single Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07050.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a unified architecture known as Transfer-Editing and Recognition Generative Adversarial Network (TER-GAN) which can be used: 1. to transfer facial expressions from one identity to another identity, known as Facial Expression Transfer (FET), 2. to transform the expression of a given image to a target expression, while preserving the identity of the image, known as Facial Expression Editing (FEE), and 3. to recognize the facial expression of a face image, known as Facial Expression Recognition (FER). In TER-GAN, we combine the capabilities of generative models to generate synthetic images, while learning important information about the input images during the reconstruction process. More specifically, two encoders are used in TER-GAN to encode identity and expression information from two input images, and a synthetic expression image is generated by the decoder part of TER-GAN. To improve the feature disentanglement and extraction process, we also introduce a novel expression consistency loss and an identity consistency loss which exploit extra expression and identity information from generated images. Experimental results show that the proposed method can be used for efficient facial expression transfer, facial expression editing and facial expression recognition. In order to evaluate the proposed technique and to compare our results with state-of-the-art methods, we have used the Oulu-CASIA dataset for our experiments. 
### 66.SA-Text: Simple but Accurate Detector for Text of Arbitrary Shapes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07046.pdf)
>  We introduce a new framework for text detection named SA-Text meaning "Simple but Accurate," which utilizes heatmaps to detect text regions in natural scene images effectively. SA-Text detects text that occurs in various fonts, shapes, and orientations in natural scene images with complicated backgrounds. Experiments on three challenging and public scene-text-detection datasets, Total-Text, SCUT-CTW1500, and MSRA-TD500 show the effectiveness and generalization ability of SA-Text in detecting not only multi-lingual oriented straight but also curved text in scripts of multiple languages. To further show the practicality of SA-Text, we combine it with a powerful state-of-the-art text recognition model and thus propose a pipeline-based text spotting system called SAA ("text spotting" is used as the technical term for "detection and recognition of text"). Our experimental results of SAA on the Total-Text dataset show that SAA outperforms four state-of-the-art text spotting frameworks by at least 9 percent points in the F-measure, which means that SA-Text can be used as a complete text detection and recognition system in real applications. 
### 67.Automatic Annotation of Hip Anatomy in Fluoroscopy for Robust and Efficient 2D/3D Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07042.pdf)
>  Fluoroscopy is the standard imaging modality used to guide hip surgery and is therefore a natural sensor for computer-assisted navigation. In order to efficiently solve the complex registration problems presented during navigation, human-assisted annotations of the intraoperative image are typically required. This manual initialization interferes with the surgical workflow and diminishes any advantages gained from navigation. We propose a method for fully automatic registration using annotations produced by a neural network. Neural networks are trained to simultaneously segment anatomy and identify landmarks in fluoroscopy. Training data is obtained using an intraoperatively incompatible 2D/3D registration of hip anatomy. Ground truth 2D labels are established using projected 3D annotations. Intraoperative registration couples an intensity-based strategy with annotations inferred by the network and requires no human assistance. Ground truth labels were obtained in 366 fluoroscopic images across 6 cadaveric specimens. In a leave-one-subject-out experiment, networks obtained mean dice coefficients for left and right hemipelves, left and right femurs of 0.86, 0.87, 0.90, and 0.84. The mean 2D landmark error was 5.0 mm. The pelvis was registered within 1 degree for 86% of the images when using the proposed intraoperative approach with an average runtime of 7 seconds. In comparison, an intensity-only approach without manual initialization, registered the pelvis to 1 degree in 18% of images. We have created the first accurately annotated, non-synthetic, dataset of hip fluoroscopy. By using these annotations as training data for neural networks, state of the art performance in fluoroscopic segmentation and landmark localization was achieved. Integrating these annotations allows for a robust, fully automatic, and efficient intraoperative registration during fluoroscopic navigation of the hip. 
### 68.Quality Assessment of DIBR-synthesized views: An Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07036.pdf)
>  The Depth-Image-Based-Rendering (DIBR) is one of the main fundamental technique to generate new views in 3D video applications, such as Multi-View Videos (MVV), Free-Viewpoint Videos (FVV) and Virtual Reality (VR). However, the quality assessment of DIBR-synthesized views is quite different from the traditional 2D images/videos. In recent years, several efforts have been made towards this topic, but there lacks a detailed survey in literature. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive survey on various current approaches for DIBR-synthesized views. The current accessible datasets of DIBR-synthesized views are firstly reviewed. Followed by a summary and analysis of the representative state-of-the-art objective metrics. Then, the performances of different objective metrics are evaluated and discussed on all available datasets. Finally, we discuss the potential challenges and suggest possible directions for future research. 
### 69.Instance Shadow Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07034.pdf)
>  Instance shadow detection is a brand new problem, aiming to find shadow instances paired with object instances. To approach it, we first prepare a new dataset called SOBA, named after Shadow-OBject Association, with 3,623 pairs of shadow and object instances in 1,000 photos, each with individual labeled masks. Second, we design LISA, named after Light-guided Instance Shadow-object Association, an end-to-end framework to automatically predict the shadow and object instances, together with the shadow-object associations and light direction. Then, we pair up the predicted shadow and object instances, and match them with the predicted shadow-object associations to generate the final results. In our evaluations, we formulate a new metric named the shadow-object average precision to measure the performance of our results. Further, we conducted various experiments and demonstrate our method's applicability on light direction estimation and photo editing. 
### 70.S2DNAS: Transforming Static CNN Model for Dynamic Inference via Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07033.pdf)
>  Recently, dynamic inference has emerged as a promising way to reduce the computational cost of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). In contrast to static methods (e.g., weight pruning), dynamic inference adaptively adjusts the inference process according to each input sample, which can considerably reduce the computational cost on "easy" samples while maintaining the overall model performance. In this paper, we introduce a general framework, S2DNAS, which can transform various static CNN models to support dynamic inference via neural architecture search. To this end, based on a given CNN model, we first generate a CNN architecture space in which each architecture is a multi-stage CNN generated from the given model using some predefined transformations. Then, we propose a reinforcement learning based approach to automatically search for the optimal CNN architecture in the generated space. At last, with the searched multi-stage network, we can perform dynamic inference by adaptively choosing a stage to evaluate for each sample. Unlike previous works that introduce irregular computations or complex controllers in the inference or re-design a CNN model from scratch, our method can generalize to most of the popular CNN architectures and the searched dynamic network can be directly deployed using existing deep learning frameworks in various hardware devices. 
### 71.Effectively Unbiased FID and Inception Score and where to find them  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07023.pdf)
>  This paper shows that two commonly used evaluation metrics for generative models, the Frchet Inception Distance (FID) and the Inception Score (IS), are biased -- the expected value of the score computed for a finite sample set is not the true value of the score. Worse, the paper shows that the bias term depends on the particular model being evaluated, so model A may get a better score than model B simply because model A's bias term is smaller. This effect cannot be fixed by evaluating at a fixed number of samples. This means all comparisons using FID or IS as currently computed are unreliable. <br>We then show how to extrapolate the score to obtain an effectively bias-free estimate of scores computed with an infinite number of samples, which we term $\overline{\textrm{FID}}_\infty$ and $\overline{\textrm{IS}}_\infty$. In turn, this effectively bias-free estimate requires good estimates of scores with a finite number of samples. We show that using Quasi-Monte Carlo integration notably improves estimates of FID and IS for finite sample sets. Our extrapolated scores are simple, drop-in replacements for the finite sample scores. Additionally, we show that using low discrepancy sequence in GAN training offers small improvements in the resulting generator. 
### 72.AETv2: AutoEncoding Transformations for Self-Supervised Representation Learning by Minimizing Geodesic Distances in Lie Groups  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07004.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning by predicting transformations has demonstrated outstanding performances in both unsupervised and (semi-)supervised tasks. Among the state-of-the-art methods is the AutoEncoding Transformations (AET) by decoding transformations from the learned representations of original and transformed images. Both deterministic and probabilistic AETs rely on the Euclidean distance to measure the deviation of estimated transformations from their groundtruth counterparts. However, this assumption is questionable as a group of transformations often reside on a curved manifold rather staying in a flat Euclidean space. For this reason, we should use the geodesic to characterize how an image transform along the manifold of a transformation group, and adopt its length to measure the deviation between transformations. Particularly, we present to autoencode a Lie group of homography transformations PG(2) to learn image representations. For this, we make an estimate of the intractable Riemannian logarithm by projecting PG(2) to a subgroup of rotation transformations SO(3) that allows the closed-form expression of geodesic distances. Experiments demonstrate the proposed AETv2 model outperforms the previous version as well as the other state-of-the-art self-supervised models in multiple tasks. 
### 73.Revisiting Shadow Detection: A New Benchmark Dataset for Complex World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06998.pdf)
>  Shadow detection in general photos is a nontrivial problem, due to the complexity of the real world. Though recent shadow detectors have already achieved remarkable performance on various benchmark data, their performance is still limited for general real-world situations. In this work, we collected shadow images for multiple scenarios and compiled a new dataset of 10,500 shadow images, each with labeled ground-truth mask, for supporting shadow detection in the complex world. Our dataset covers a rich variety of scene categories, with diverse shadow sizes, locations, contrasts, and types. Further, we comprehensively analyze the complexity of the dataset, present a fast shadow detection network with a detail enhancement module to harvest shadow details, and demonstrate the effectiveness of our method to detect shadows in general situations. 
### 74.Self-supervised GAN: Analysis and Improvement with Multi-class Minimax Game  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06997.pdf)
>  Self-supervised (SS) learning is a powerful approach for representation learning using unlabeled data. Recently, it has been applied to Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) training. Specifically, SS tasks were proposed to address the catastrophic forgetting issue in the GAN discriminator. In this work, we perform an in-depth analysis to understand how SS tasks interact with learning of generator. From the analysis, we identify issues of SS tasks which allow a severely mode-collapsed generator to excel the SS tasks. To address the issues, we propose new SS tasks based on a multi-class minimax game. The competition between our proposed SS tasks in the game encourages the generator to learn the data distribution and generate diverse samples. We provide both theoretical and empirical analysis to support that our proposed SS tasks have better convergence property. We conduct experiments to incorporate our proposed SS tasks into two different GAN baseline models. Our approach establishes state-of-the-art FID scores on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, STL-10, CelebA, Imagenet $32\times32$ and Stacked-MNIST datasets, outperforming existing works by considerable margins in some cases. Our unconditional GAN model approaches performance of conditional GAN without using labeled data. Our code: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tntrung/msgan" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} 
### 75.Optimized CNN for PolSAR Image Classification via Differentiable Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06993.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) realize the automation of feature engineering and their applications have shown good performance in polarimetric synthetic aperture radar (PolSAR) image classification. Excellent hand-crafted architectures of CNNs incorporated the wisdom of human experts, which is an important reason for CNN's success. However, the design of the architectures is a difficult problem, which needs a lot of professional knowledge as well as computational resources. Moreover, the architecture designed by hand must be suboptimal, because it is only one of thousands of unobserved but objective existed paths. Considering that the success of deep learning is largely due to its automation of the feature engineering process, how to design automatic architecture searching methods to replace the hand-crafted ones is an interesting topic. In this paper, we explore the application of neural architecture search (NAS) in PolSAR area for the first time. Different from the utilization of existing NAS methods, we propose a differentiable architecture search (DAS) method which is customized for PolSAR classification. The proposed DAS is equipped with a PolSAR tailored search space and an improved one-shot search strategy. By DAS, the weights parameters and architecture parameters (corresponds to the hyperparameters but not the topologies) can be optimized by stochastic gradient descent method during the training. The optimized architecture parameters should be transformed into corresponding CNN architecture and re-train to achieve high-precision PolSAR classification. In addition, complex-valued DAS is developed to take into account the characteristics of PolSAR images so as to further improve the performance. Experiments on three PolSAR benchmark datasets show that the CNNs obtained by searching have better classification performance than the hand-crafted ones. 
### 76.Faster AutoAugment: Learning Augmentation Strategies using Backpropagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06987.pdf)
>  Data augmentation methods are indispensable heuristics to boost the performance of deep neural networks, especially in image recognition tasks. Recently, several studies have shown that augmentation strategies found by search algorithms outperform hand-made strategies. Such methods employ black-box search algorithms over image transformations with continuous or discrete parameters and require a long time to obtain better strategies. In this paper, we propose a differentiable policy search pipeline for data augmentation, which is much faster than previous methods. We introduce approximate gradients for several transformation operations with discrete parameters as well as the differentiable mechanism for selecting operations. As the objective of training, we minimize the distance between the distributions of augmented data and the original data, which can be differentiated. We show that our method, Faster AutoAugment, achieves significantly faster searching than prior work without a performance drop. 
### 77.Grounding Human-to-Vehicle Advice for Self-driving Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06978.pdf)
>  Recent success suggests that deep neural control networks are likely to be a key component of self-driving vehicles. These networks are trained on large datasets to imitate human actions, but they lack semantic understanding of image contents. This makes them brittle and potentially unsafe in situations that do not match training data. Here, we propose to address this issue by augmenting training data with natural language advice from a human. Advice includes guidance about what to do and where to attend. We present the first step toward advice giving, where we train an end-to-end vehicle controller that accepts advice. The controller adapts the way it attends to the scene (visual attention) and the control (steering and speed). Attention mechanisms tie controller behavior to salient objects in the advice. We evaluate our model on a novel advisable driving dataset with manually annotated human-to-vehicle advice called Honda Research Institute-Advice Dataset (HAD). We show that taking advice improves the performance of the end-to-end network, while the network cues on a variety of visual features that are provided by advice. The dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://usa.honda-ri.com/HAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 78.Long Range 3D with Quadocular Thermal (LWIR) Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06975.pdf)
>  Long Wave Infrared (LWIR) cameras provide images regardles of the ambient illumination, they tolerate fog and are not blinded by the incoming car headlights. These features make LWIR cameras attractive for autonomous navigation, security and military applications. Thermal images can be used similarly to the visible range ones, including 3D scene reconstruction with two or more such cameras mounted on a rigid frame. There are two additional challenges for this spectral range: lower image resolution and lower contrast of the textures. <br>In this work, we demonstrate quadocular LWIR camera setup, calibration, image capturing and processing that result in long range 3D perception with 0.077 pix disparity error over 90% of the depth map. With low resolution (160 x 120) LWIR sensors we achieved 10% range accuracy at 28 m with 56 degrees horizontal field of view (HFoV) and 150 mm baseline. Scaled to the now-standard 640 x 512 resolution and 200 mm baseline suitable for head-mounted application the result would be 10% accuracy at 130 m. 
### 79.BSP-Net: Generating Compact Meshes via Binary Space Partitioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06971.pdf)
>  Polygonal meshes are ubiquitous in the digital 3D domain, yet they have only played a minor role in the deep learning revolution. Leading methods for learning generative models of shapes rely on implicit functions, and generate meshes only after expensive iso-surfacing routines. To overcome these challenges, we are inspired by a classical spatial data structure from computer graphics, Binary Space Partitioning (BSP), to facilitate 3D learning. The core ingredient of BSP is an operation for recursive subdivision of space to obtain convex sets. By exploiting this property, we devise BSP-Net, a network that learns to represent a 3D shape via convex decomposition. Importantly, BSP-Net is unsupervised since no convex shape decompositions are needed for training. The network is trained to reconstruct a shape using a set of convexes obtained from a BSP-tree built on a set of planes. The convexes inferred by BSP-Net can be easily extracted to form a polygon mesh, without any need for iso-surfacing. The generated meshes are compact (i.e., low-poly) and well suited to represent sharp geometry; they are guaranteed to be watertight and can be easily parameterized. We also show that the reconstruction quality by BSP-Net is competitive with state-of-the-art methods while using much fewer primitives. 
### 80.Defensive Few-shot Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06968.pdf)
>  The robustness of deep learning models against adversarial attacks has received increasing attention in recent years. However, both deep learning and adversarial training rely on the availability of a large amount of labeled data and usually do not generalize well to new, unseen classes when only a few training samples are accessible. To address this problem, we explicitly introduce a new challenging problem -- how to learn a robust deep model with limited training samples per class, called defensive few-shot learning in this paper. Simply employing the existing adversarial training techniques in the literature cannot solve this problem. This is because few-shot learning needs to learn transferable knowledge from disjoint auxiliary data, and thus it is invalid to assume the sample-level distribution consistency between the training and test sets as commonly assumed in existing adversarial training techniques. In this paper, instead of assuming such a distribution consistency, we propose to make this assumption at a task-level in the episodic training paradigm in order to better transfer the defense knowledge. Furthermore, inside each task, we design a task-conditioned distribution constraint to narrow the distribution gap between clean and adversarial examples at a sample-level. These give rise to a novel mechanism called multi-level distribution based adversarial training (MDAT) for learning transferable adversarial defense. In addition, a unified $\mathcal{F}_{\beta}$ score is introduced to evaluate different defense methods under the same principle. Extensive experiments demonstrate that MDAT achieves higher effectiveness and robustness over existing alternatives in the few-shot case. 
### 81.Dynamic Instance Normalization for Arbitrary Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06953.pdf)
>  Prior normalization methods rely on affine transformations to produce arbitrary image style transfers, of which the parameters are computed in a pre-defined way. Such manually-defined nature eventually results in the high-cost and shared encoders for both style and content encoding, making style transfer systems cumbersome to be deployed in resource-constrained environments like on the mobile-terminal side. In this paper, we propose a new and generalized normalization module, termed as Dynamic Instance Normalization (DIN), that allows for flexible and more efficient arbitrary style transfers. Comprising an instance normalization and a dynamic convolution, DIN encodes a style image into learnable convolution parameters, upon which the content image is stylized. Unlike conventional methods that use shared complex encoders to encode content and style, the proposed DIN introduces a sophisticated style encoder, yet comes with a compact and lightweight content encoder for fast inference. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach yields very encouraging results on challenging style patterns and, to our best knowledge, for the first time enables an arbitrary style transfer using MobileNet-based lightweight architecture, leading to a reduction factor of more than twenty in computational cost as compared to existing approaches. Furthermore, the proposed DIN provides flexible support for state-of-the-art convolutional operations, and thus triggers novel functionalities, such as uniform-stroke placement for non-natural images and automatic spatial-stroke control. 
### 82.Unsupervised Representation Learning for Gaze Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06939.pdf)
>  Although automatic gaze estimation is very important to a large variety of application areas, it is difficult to train accurate and robust gaze models, in great part due to the difficulty in collecting large and diverse data (annotating 3D gaze is expensive and existing datasets use different setups). To address this issue, our main contribution in this paper is to propose an effective approach to learn a low dimensional gaze representation without gaze annotations, which to the best of our best knowledge, is the first work to do so. The main idea is to rely on a gaze redirection network and use the gaze representation difference of the input and target images (of the redirection network) as the redirection variable. A redirection loss in image domain allows the joint training of both the redirection network and the gaze representation network. In addition, we propose a warping field regularization which not only provides an explicit physical meaning to the gaze representations but also avoids redirection distortions. Promising results on few-shot gaze estimation (competitive results can be achieved with as few as &lt;=100 calibration samples), cross-dataset gaze estimation, gaze network pretraining, and another task (head pose estimation) demonstrate the validity of our framework. 
### 83.Label-similarity Curriculum Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06902.pdf)
>  Curriculum learning can improve neural network training by guiding the optimization to desirable optima. We propose a novel curriculum learning approach for image classification that adapts the loss function by changing the label representation. The idea is to use a probability distribution over classes as target label, where the class probabilities reflect the similarity to the true class. Gradually, this label representation is shifted towards the standard one-hot-encoding. That is, in the beginning minor mistakes are corrected less than large mistakes, resembling a teaching process in which broad concepts are explained first before subtle differences are taught. <br>The class similarity can be based on prior knowledge. For the special case of the labels being natural words, we propose a generic way to automatically compute the similarities. The natural words are embedded into Euclidean space using a standard word embedding. The probability of each class is then a function of the cosine similarity between the vector representations of the class and the true label. <br>The proposed label-similarity curriculum learning (LCL) approach was empirically evaluated on several popular deep learning architectures for image classification task applied to three datasets, ImageNet, CIFAR100, and AWA2. In all scenarios, LCL was able to improve the classification accuracy on the test data compared to standard training. 
### 84.Multi-attention Networks for Temporal Localization of Video-level Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06866.pdf)
>  Temporal localization remains an important challenge in video understanding. In this work, we present our solution to the 3rd YouTube-8M Video Understanding Challenge organized by Google Research. Participants were required to build a segment-level classifier using a large-scale training data set with noisy video-level labels and a relatively small-scale validation data set with accurate segment-level labels. We formulated the problem as a multiple instance multi-label learning and developed an attention-based mechanism to selectively emphasize the important frames by attention weights. The model performance is further improved by constructing multiple sets of attention networks. We further fine-tuned the model using the segment-level data set. Our final model consists of an ensemble of attention/multi-attention networks, deep bag of frames models, recurrent neural networks and convolutional neural networks. It ranked 13th on the private leader board and stands out for its efficient usage of resources. 
### 85.Curriculum Self-Paced Learning for Cross-Domain Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06849.pdf)
>  Training (source) domain bias affects state-of-the-art object detectors, such as Faster R-CNN, when applied to new (target) domains. To alleviate this problem, researchers proposed various domain adaptation methods to improve object detection results in the cross-domain setting, e.g. by translating images with ground-truth labels from the source domain to the target domain using Cycle-GAN or by applying self-paced learning. On top of combining Cycle-GAN transformations and self-paced learning, in this paper, we propose a novel self-paced algorithm that learns from easy to hard. To estimate the difficulty of each image, we use the number of detected objects divided by their average size. Our method is simple and effective, without any overhead during inference. It uses only pseudo-labels for samples taken from the target domain, i.e. the domain adaptation is unsupervised. We conduct experiments on two cross-domain benchmarks, showing better results than the state of the art. We also perform an ablation study demonstrating the utility of each component in our framework. 
### 86.Handwritten and Machine printed OCR for Geez Numbers Using Artificial Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06845.pdf)
>  Researches have been done on Ethiopic scripts. However studies excluded the Geez numbers from the studies because of different reasons. This paper presents offline handwritten and machine printed Geez number recognition using feed forward back propagation artificial neural network. On this study, different Geez image characters were collected from google image search and three persons are instructed to write the numbers using pencil. In total we have collected 560 numbers of characters. We have used 460 of the characters for training and 100 are used for testing. Accordingly we have achieved overall all classification ~89:88% 
### 87.Skin Lesion Classification Using Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07817.pdf)
>  This paper reports the methods and techniques we have developed for classify dermoscopic images (task 1) of the ISIC 2019 challenge dataset for skin lesion classification, our approach aims to use ensemble deep neural network with some powerful techniques to deal with unbalance data sets as its the main problem for this challenge in a move to increase the performance of CNNs model. 
### 88.Multi-modal Deep Guided Filtering for Comprehensible Medical Image Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07731.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based image processing is capable of creating highly appealing results. However, it is still widely considered as a "blackbox" transformation. In medical imaging, this lack of comprehensibility of the results is a sensitive issue. The integration of known operators into the deep learning environment has proven to be advantageous for the comprehensibility and reliability of the computations. Consequently, we propose the use of the locally linear guided filter in combination with a learned guidance map for general purpose medical image processing. The output images are only processed by the guided filter while the guidance map can be trained to be task-optimal in an end-to-end fashion. We investigate the performance based on two popular tasks: image super resolution and denoising. The evaluation is conducted based on pairs of multi-modal magnetic resonance imaging and cross-modal computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging datasets. For both tasks, the proposed approach is on par with state-of-the-art approaches. Additionally, we can show that the input image's content is almost unchanged after the processing which is not the case for conventional deep learning approaches. On top, the proposed pipeline offers increased robustness against degraded input as well as adversarial attacks. 
### 89.The Effectiveness of Variational Autoencoders for Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07716.pdf)
>  The high cost of acquiring labels is one of the main challenges in deploying supervised machine learning algorithms. Active learning is a promising approach to control the learning process and address the difficulties of data labeling by selecting labeled training examples from a large pool of unlabeled instances. In this paper, we propose a new data-driven approach to active learning by choosing a small set of labeled data points that are both informative and representative. To this end, we present an efficient geometric technique to select a diverse core-set in a low-dimensional latent space obtained by training a Variational Autoencoder (VAE). Our experiments demonstrate an improvement in accuracy over two related techniques and, more importantly, signify the representation power of generative modeling for developing new active learning methods in high-dimensional data settings. 
### 90.A Molecular-MNIST Dataset for Machine Learning Study on Diffraction Imaging and Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07644.pdf)
>  An image dataset of 10 different size molecules, where each molecule has 2,000 structural variants, is generated from the 2D cross-sectional projection of Molecular Dynamics trajectories. The purpose of this dataset is to provide a benchmark dataset for the increasing need of machine learning, deep learning and image processing on the study of scattering, imaging and microscopy. 
### 91.Automated fetal brain extraction from clinical Ultrasound volumes using 3D Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07566.pdf)
>  To improve the performance of most neuroimiage analysis pipelines, brain extraction is used as a fundamental first step in the image processing. But in the case of fetal brain development, there is a need for a reliable US-specific tool. In this work we propose a fully automated 3D CNN approach to fetal brain extraction from 3D US clinical volumes with minimal preprocessing. Our method accurately and reliably extracts the brain regardless of the large data variation inherent in this imaging modality. It also performs consistently throughout a gestational age range between 14 and 31 weeks, regardless of the pose variation of the subject, the scale, and even partial feature-obstruction in the image, outperforming all current alternatives. 
### 92.Automated Human Claustrum Segmentation using Deep Learning Technologies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07515.pdf)
>  In recent years, Deep Learning (DL) has shown promising results in conducting AI tasks such as computer vision and image segmentation. Specifically, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models in DL have been applied to prevention,detection, and diagnosis in predictive medicine. Image segmentation plays a significant role in disease detection and prevention.However, there are enormous challenges in performing DL-based automatic segmentation due to the nature of medical images such as heterogeneous modalities and formats, insufficient labeled training data, and the high-class imbalance in the labeled data. Furthermore, automating segmentation of medical images,like magnetic resonance images (MRI), becomes a challenging task. The need for automated segmentation or annotation is what motivates our work. In this paper, we propose a fully automated approach that aims to segment the human claustrum for analytical purposes. We applied a U-Net CNN model to segment the claustrum (Cl) from a MRI dataset. With this approach, we have achieved an average Dice per case score of 0.72 for Cl segmentation, with K=5 for cross-validation. The expert in the medical domain also evaluates these results. 
### 93.Walking the Tightrope: An Investigation of the Convolutional Autoencoder Bottleneck  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07460.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an in-depth investigation of the convolutional autoencoder (CAE) bottleneck. Autoencoders (AE), and especially their convolutional variants, play a vital role in the current deep learning toolbox. Researchers and practitioners employ CAEs for a variety of tasks, ranging from outlier detection and compression to transfer and representation learning. Despite their widespread adoption, we have limited insight into how the bottleneck shape impacts the emergent properties of the CAE. We demonstrate that increased height and width of the bottleneck drastically improves generalization, which in turn leads to better performance of the latent codes in downstream transfer learning tasks. The number of channels in the bottleneck, on the other hand, is secondary in importance. Furthermore, we show empirically that, contrary to popular belief, CAEs do not learn to copy their input, even when the bottleneck has the same number of neurons as there are pixels in the input. Copying does not occur, despite training the CAE for 1,000 epochs on a tiny ($\approx$ 600 images) dataset. We believe that the findings in this paper are directly applicable and will lead to improvements in models that rely on CAEs. 
### 94.NAIS: Neural Architecture and Implementation Search and its Applications in Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07446.pdf)
>  The rapidly growing demands for powerful AI algorithms in many application domains have motivated massive investment in both high-quality deep neural network (DNN) models and high-efficiency implementations. In this position paper, we argue that a simultaneous DNN/implementation co-design methodology, named Neural Architecture and Implementation Search (NAIS), deserves more research attention to boost the development productivity and efficiency of both DNN models and implementation optimization. We propose a stylized design methodology that can drastically cut down the search cost while preserving the quality of the end <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://solution.As" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> an illustration, we discuss this DNN/implementation methodology in the context of both FPGAs and GPUs. We take autonomous driving as a key use case as it is one of the most demanding areas for high quality AI algorithms and accelerators. We discuss how such a co-design methodology can impact the autonomous driving industry significantly. We identify several research opportunities in this exciting domain. 
### 95.Multi-Temporal Recurrent Neural Networks For Progressive Non-Uniform Single Image Deblurring With Incremental Temporal Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07410.pdf)
>  Multi-scale (MS) approaches have been widely investigated for blind single image / video deblurring that sequentially recovers deblurred images in low spatial scale first and then in high spatial scale later with the output of lower scales. MS approaches have been effective especially for severe blurs induced by large motions in high spatial scale since those can be seen as small blurs in low spatial scale. In this work, we investigate alternative approach to MS, called multi-temporal (MT) approach, for non-uniform single image deblurring. We propose incremental temporal training with constructed MT level dataset from time-resolved dataset, develop novel MT-RNNs with recurrent feature maps, and investigate progressive single image deblurring over iterations. Our proposed MT methods outperform state-of-the-art MS methods on the GoPro dataset in PSNR with the smallest number of parameters. 
### 96.Any-Precision Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07346.pdf)
>  We present Any-Precision Deep Neural Networks (Any-Precision DNNs), which are trained with a new method that empowers learned DNNs to be flexible in any numerical precision during inference. The same model in runtime can be flexibly and directly set to different bit-width, by truncating the least significant bits, to support dynamic speed and accuracy trade-off. When all layers are set to low-bits, we show that the model achieved accuracy comparable to dedicated models trained at the same precision. This nice property facilitates flexible deployment of deep learning models in real-world applications, where in practice trade-offs between model accuracy and runtime efficiency are often sought. Previous literature presents solutions to train models at each individual fixed efficiency/accuracy trade-off point. But how to produce a model flexible in runtime precision is largely unexplored. When the demand of efficiency/accuracy trade-off varies from time to time or even dynamically changes in runtime, it is infeasible to re-train models accordingly, and the storage budget may forbid keeping multiple models. Our proposed framework achieves this flexibility without performance degradation. More importantly, we demonstrate that this achievement is agnostic to model architectures. We experimentally validated our method with different deep network backbones (AlexNet-small, Resnet-20, Resnet-50) on different datasets (SVHN, Cifar-10, ImageNet) and observed consistent results. Code and models will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/haichaoyu" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 97.Deep geometric matrix completion: Are we doing it right?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07255.pdf)
>  We address the problem of reconstructing a matrix from a subset of its entries. Current methods, branded as geometric matrix completion, augment classical rank regularization techniques by incorporating geometric information into the solution. This information is usually provided as graphs encoding relations between rows/columns. In this work we propose a simple spectral approach for solving the matrix completion problem, via the framework of functional maps. We introduce the zoomout loss, a multiresolution spectral geometric loss inspired by recent advances in shape correspondence, whose minimization leads to state-of-the-art results on various recommender systems datasets. Surprisingly, for some datasets we were able to achieve comparable results even without incorporating geometric information. This puts into question both the quality of such information and current methods' ability to use it in a meaningful and efficient way. 
### 98.IKEA Furniture Assembly Environment for Long-Horizon Complex Manipulation Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07246.pdf)
>  The IKEA Furniture Assembly Environment is one of the first benchmarks for testing and accelerating the automation of complex manipulation tasks. The environment is designed to advance reinforcement learning from simple toy tasks to complex tasks requiring both long-term planning and sophisticated low-level control. Our environment supports over 80 different furniture models, Sawyer and Baxter robot simulation, and domain randomization. The IKEA Furniture Assembly Environment is a testbed for methods aiming to solve complex manipulation tasks. The environment is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://clvrai.com/furniture" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 99.Smoothed Inference for Adversarially-Trained Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07198.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are known to be vulnerable to inputs with maliciously constructed adversarial perturbations aimed at forcing misclassification. We study randomized smoothing as a way to both improve performance on unperturbed data as well as increase robustness to adversarial attacks. Moreover, we extend the method proposed by <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1811.09310" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1811.09310">arXiv:1811.09310</a> by adding low-rank multivariate noise, which we then use as a base model for smoothing. The proposed method achieves 58.5% top-1 accuracy on CIFAR-10 under PGD attack and outperforms previous works by 4%. In addition, we consider a family of attacks, which were previously used for training purposes in the certified robustness scheme. We demonstrate that the proposed attacks are more effective than PGD against both smoothed and non-smoothed models. Since our method is based on sampling, it lends itself well for trading-off between the model inference complexity and its performance. A reference implementation of the proposed techniques is provided at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yanemcovsky/SIAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 100.Loss Aware Post-training Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07190.pdf)
>  Neural network quantization enables the deployment of large models on resource-constrained devices. Current post-training quantization methods fall short in terms of accuracy for INT4 (or lower) but provide reasonable accuracy for INT8 (or above). In this work, we study the effect of quantization on the structure of the loss landscape. We show that the structure is flat and separable for mild quantization, enabling straightforward post-training quantization methods to achieve good results. On the other hand, we show that with more aggressive quantization, the loss landscape becomes highly non-separable with sharp minima points, making the selection of quantization parameters more challenging. Armed with this understanding, we design a method that quantizes the layer parameters jointly, enabling significant accuracy improvement over current post-training quantization methods. Reference implementation accompanies the paper at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ynahshan/nn-quantization-pytorch/tree/master/lapq" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 101.Low-Weight and Learnable Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07167.pdf)
>  Image denoising is a well studied problem with an extensive activity that has spread over several decades. Despite the many available denoising algorithms, the quest for simple, powerful and fast denoisers is still an active and vibrant topic of research. Leading classical denoising methods are typically designed to exploit the inner structure in images by modeling local overlapping patches. In contrast, recent newcomers to this arena are supervised neural-network-based methods that bypass this modeling altogether, targeting the inference goal directly and globally, while tending to be very deep and parameter heavy. <br>This work proposes a novel low-weight learnable architecture that embeds in it several of the main concepts from the classical methods, while being trained for best denoising performance. More specifically, our proposed network relies on patch processing, leveraging non-local self-similarity, representation sparsity and a multiscale treatment. The proposed architecture achieves near state-of-the-art denoising results, while using a small fraction of the typical number of parameters. Furthermore, we demonstrate the ability of the proposed network to adapt itself to an incoming image by leveraging similar clean ones. 
### 102.Liver Steatosis Segmentation with Deep Learning Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07088.pdf)
>  Liver steatosis is known as the abnormal accumulation of lipids within cells. An accurate quantification of steatosis area within the liver histopathological microscopy images plays an important role in liver disease diagnosis and trans-plantation assessment. Such a quantification analysis often requires a precise steatosis segmentation that is challenging due to abundant presence of highly overlapped steatosis droplets. In this paper, a deep learning model Mask-RCNN is used to segment the steatosis droplets in clumps. Extended from Faster R-CNN, Mask-RCNN can predict object masks in addition to bounding box detection. With transfer learning, the resulting model is able to segment overlapped steatosis regions at 75.87% by Average Precision, 60.66% by Recall,65.88% by F1-score, and 76.97% by Jaccard index, promising to support liver disease diagnosis and allograft rejection prediction in future clinical practice. 
### 103.Kvasir-SEG: A Segmented Polyp Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07069.pdf)
>  Pixel-wise image segmentation is a highly demanding task in medical-image analysis. In practice, it is difficult to find annotated medical images with corresponding segmentation masks. In this paper, we present Kvasir-SEG: an open-access dataset of gastrointestinal polyp images and corresponding segmentation masks, manually annotated by a medical doctor and then verified by an experienced gastroenterologist. Moreover, we also generated the bounding boxes of the polyp regions with the help of segmentation masks. We demonstrate the use of our dataset with a traditional segmentation approach and a modern deep-learning based Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) approach. The dataset will be of value for researchers to reproduce results and compare methods. By adding segmentation masks to the Kvasir dataset, which only provide frame-wise annotations, we enable multimedia and computer vision researchers to contribute in the field of polyp segmentation and automatic analysis of colonoscopy images. 
### 104.Sensory Optimization: Neural Networks as a Model for Understanding and Creating Art  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07068.pdf)
>  This article is about the cognitive science of visual art. Artists create physical artifacts (such as sculptures or paintings) which depict people, objects, and events. These depictions are usually stylized rather than photo-realistic. How is it that humans are able to understand and create stylized representations? Does this ability depend on general cognitive capacities or an evolutionary adaptation for art? What role is played by learning and culture? <br>Machine Learning can shed light on these questions. It's possible to train convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to recognize objects without training them on any visual art. If such CNNs can generalize to visual art (by creating and understanding stylized representations), then CNNs provide a model for how humans could understand art without innate adaptations or cultural learning. I argue that Deep Dream and Style Transfer show that CNNs can create a basic form of visual art, and that humans could create art by similar processes. This suggests that artists make art by optimizing for effects on the human object-recognition system. Physical artifacts are optimized to evoke real-world objects for this system (e.g. to evoke people or landscapes) and to serve as superstimuli for this system. 
### 105.ResUNet++: An Advanced Architecture for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07067.pdf)
>  Accurate computer-aided polyp detection and segmentation during colonoscopy examinations can help endoscopists resect abnormal tissue and thereby decrease chances of polyps growing into cancer. Towards developing a fully automated model for pixel-wise polyp segmentation, we propose ResUNet++, which is an improved ResUNet architecture for colonoscopic image segmentation. Our experimental evaluations show that the suggested architecture produces good segmentation results on publicly available datasets. Furthermore, ResUNet++ significantly outperforms U-Net and ResUNet, two key state-of-the-art deep learning architectures, by achieving high evaluation scores with a dice coefficient of 81.33%, and a mean Intersection over Union (mIoU) of 79.27% for the Kvasir-SEG dataset and a dice coefficient of 79.55%, and a mIoU of 79.62% with CVC-612 dataset. 
### 106.What Will Your Child Look Like? DNA-Net: Age and Gender Aware Kin Face Synthesizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.07014.pdf)
>  Visual kinship recognition aims to identify blood relatives from facial images. Its practical application-- like in law-enforcement, video surveillance, automatic family album management, and more-- has motivated many researchers to put forth effort on the topic as of recent. In this paper, we focus on a new view of visual kinship technology: kin-based face generation. Specifically, we propose a two-stage kin-face generation model to predict the appearance of a child given a pair of parents. The first stage includes a deep generative adversarial autoencoder conditioned on ages and genders to map between facial appearance and high-level features. The second stage is our proposed DNA-Net, which serves as a transformation between the deep and genetic features based on a random selection process to fuse genes of a parent pair to form the genes of a child. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method quantitatively and qualitatively: quantitatively, pre-trained models and human subjects perform kinship verification on the generated images of children; qualitatively, we show photo-realistic face images of children that closely resemble the given pair of parents. In the end, experiments validate that the proposed model synthesizes convincing kin-faces using both subjective and objective standards. 
### 107.Ground and Non-Ground Separation Filter for UAV Lidar Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06994.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel approach for separating ground plane and non-ground objects on Lidar 3D point cloud as a filter. It is specially designed for real-time applications on unmanned aerial vehicles and works on sparse Lidar point clouds without preliminary mapping. We use this filter as a crucial component of fast obstacle avoidance system for agriculture drone operating at low altitude. As the first step, a point cloud is transformed into a depth image and then places with high density nearest to the vehicle (local maxima) are identified. Then we merge original depth image with identified locations after maximizing intensities of pixels in which local maxima were found. Next step is to calculate range angle image which represents angles between two consecutive laser beams based on improved depth image. Once a range angle image is constructed, smoothing is applied to reduce the noise. Finally, we find out connected components in the improved depth image while incorporating smoothed range angle image. This allows separating the non-ground objects. The rest of the locations of depth image belong to the ground plane. The filter has been tested on a simulated environment as well as an actual drone and provides real-time performance. We make our source code and dataset available online\footnote[2]{Source code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GPrathap/hagen.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 108.VLUC: An Empirical Benchmark for Video-Like Urban Computing on Citywide Crowd and Traffic Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06982.pdf)
>  Nowadays, massive urban human mobility data are being generated from mobile phones, car navigation systems, and traffic sensors. Predicting the density and flow of the crowd or traffic at a citywide level becomes possible by using the big data and cutting-edge AI technologies. It has been a very significant research topic with high social impact, which can be widely applied to emergency management, traffic regulation, and urban planning. In particular, by meshing a large urban area to a number of fine-grained mesh-grids, citywide crowd and traffic information in a continuous time period can be represented like a video, where each timestamp can be seen as one video frame. Based on this idea, a series of methods have been proposed to address video-like prediction for citywide crowd and traffic. In this study, we publish a new aggregated human mobility dataset generated from a real-world smartphone application and build a standard benchmark for such kind of video-like urban computing with this new dataset and the existing open datasets. We first comprehensively review the state-of-the-art works of literature and formulate the density and in-out flow prediction problem, then conduct a thorough performance assessment for those methods. With this benchmark, we hope researchers can easily follow up and quickly launch a new solution on this topic. 
### 109.On Space-spectrum Uncertainty Analysis for Coded Aperture Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06956.pdf)
>  We introduce and analyze the concept of space-spectrum uncertainty for certain commonly-used designs for spectrally programmable cameras. Our key finding states that, it is impossible to simultaneously capture high-resolution spatial images while programming the spectrum at high resolution. This phenomenon arises due to a Fourier relationship between the aperture used for obtaining spectrum and its corresponding diffraction blur in the (spatial) image. We show that the product of spatial and spectral standard deviations is lower bounded by {\lambda}/4{\pi}{\nu_0} femto square-meters, where {\nu_0} is the density of groves in the diffraction grating and {\lambda} is the wavelength of light. Experiments with a lab prototype for simultaneously measuring spectrum and image validate our findings and its implication for spectral filtering. 
### 110.3D Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks to enable large-scale seismic image enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06932.pdf)
>  We propose GAN-based image enhancement models for frequency enhancement of 2D and 3D seismic images. Seismic imagery is used to understand and characterize the Earth's subsurface for energy exploration. Because these images often suffer from resolution limitations and noise contamination, our proposed method performs large-scale seismic volume frequency enhancement and denoising. The enhanced images reduce uncertainty and improve decisions about issues, such as optimal well placement, that often rely on low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) seismic volumes. We explored the impact of adding lithology class information to the models, resulting in improved performance on PSNR and SSIM metrics over a baseline model with no conditional information. 
### 111.QC-Automator: Deep Learning-based Automated Quality Control for Diffusion MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.06816.pdf)
>  Quality assessment of diffusion MRI (dMRI) data is essential prior to any analysis, so that appropriate pre-processing can be used to improve data quality and ensure that the presence of MRI artifacts do not affect the results of subsequent image analysis. Manual quality assessment of the data is subjective, possibly error-prone, and infeasible, especially considering the growing number of consortium-like studies, underlining the need for automation of the process. In this paper, we have developed a deep-learning-based automated quality control (QC) tool, QC-Automator, for dMRI data, that can handle a variety of artifacts such as motion, multiband interleaving, ghosting, susceptibility, herringbone and chemical shifts. QC-Automator uses convolutional neural networks along with transfer learning to train the automated artifact detection on a labeled dataset of ~332000 slices of dMRI data, from 155 unique subjects and 5 scanners with different dMRI acquisitions, achieving a 98% accuracy in detecting artifacts. The method is fast and paves the way for efficient and effective artifact detection in large datasets. It is also demonstrated to be replicable on other datasets with different acquisition parameters. 
