# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 27 Nov 2019
### 1.SuperGlue: Learning Feature Matching with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11763.pdf)
>  This paper introduces SuperGlue, a neural network that matches two sets of local features by jointly finding correspondences and rejecting non-matchable points. Assignments are estimated by solving a differentiable optimal transport problem, whose costs are predicted by a graph neural network. We introduce a flexible context aggregation mechanism based on attention, enabling SuperGlue to reason about the underlying 3D scene and feature assignments jointly. Compared to traditional, hand-designed heuristics, our technique learns priors over geometric transformations and regularities of the 3D world through end-to-end training from image pairs. SuperGlue outperforms other learned approaches and achieves state-of-the-art results on the task of pose estimation in challenging real-world indoor and outdoor environments. The proposed method performs matching in real-time on a modern GPU and can be readily integrated into modern SfM or SLAM systems. 
### 2.Password-conditioned Anonymization and Deanonymization with Face Identity Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11759.pdf)
>  Cameras are prevalent in our daily lives, and enable many useful systems built upon computer vision technologies such as smart cameras and home robots for service applications. However, there is also an increasing societal concern as the captured images/videos may contain privacy-sensitive information (e.g., face identity). We propose a novel face identity transformer which enables automated photo-realistic password-based anonymization as well as deanonymization of human faces appearing in visual data. Our face identity transformer is trained to (1) remove face identity information after anonymization, (2) make the recovery of the original face possible when given the correct password, and (3) return a wrong--but photo-realistic--face given a wrong password. Extensive experiments show that our approach enables multimodal password-conditioned face anonymizations and deanonymizations, without sacrificing privacy compared to existing anonymization approaches. 
### 3.MixNMatch: Multifactor Disentanglement and Encodingfor Conditional Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11758.pdf)
>  We present MixNMatch, a conditional generative model that learns to disentangle and encode background, object pose, shape, and texture from real images with minimal supervision, for mix-and-match image generation. We build upon FineGAN, an unconditional generative model, to learn the desired disentanglement and image generator, and leverage adversarial joint image-code distribution matching to learn the latent factor encoders. MixNMatch requires bounding boxes during training to model background, but requires no other supervision. Through extensive experiments, we demonstrate MixNMatch's ability to accurately disentangle, encode, and combine multiple factors for mix-and-match image generation, including sketch2color, cartoon2img, and img2gif applications. Our code/models/demo can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Yuheng-Li/MixNMatch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 4.Multi-person Spatial Interaction in a Large Immersive Display Using Smartphones as Touchpads  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11751.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a multi-user interaction interface for a large immersive space that supports simultaneous screen interactions by combining (1) user input via personal smartphones and Bluetooth microphones, (2) spatial tracking via an overhead array of Kinect sensors, and (3) WebSocket interfaces to a webpage running on the large screen. Users are automatically, dynamically assigned personal and shared screen sub-spaces based on their tracked location with respect to the screen, and use a webpage on their personal smartphone for touchpad-type input. We report user experiments using our interaction framework that involve image selection and placement tasks, with the ultimate goal of realizing display-wall environments as viable, interactive workspaces with natural multimodal interfaces. 
### 5.Edge-Guided Occlusion Fading Reduction for a Light-Weighted Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11705.pdf)
>  Self-supervised monocular depth estimation methods generally suffer the occlusion fading issue due to the lack of supervision by the per pixel ground truth. Although a post-processing method was proposed by Godard et. al. to reduce the occlusion fading, the compensated results have a severe halo effect. In this paper, we propose a novel Edge-Guided post-processing to reduce the occlusion fading issue for self-supervised monocular depth estimation. We further introduce Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (ASPP) into the network to reduce the computational costs and improve the inference performance. The proposed ASPP-based network is lighter, faster, and better than current commonly used depth estimation networks. This light-weight network only needs 8.1 million parameters and can achieve up to 40 frames per second for $256\times512$ input in the inference stage using a single nVIDIA GTX1080 GPU. The proposed network also outperforms the current state-of-the-art on the KITTI benchmarks. The ASPP-based network and Edge-Guided post-processing produce better results either quantitatively and qualitatively than the competitors. 
### 6.Revisiting Deep Architectures for Head Motion Prediction in 360° Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11702.pdf)
>  Head motion prediction is an important problem with 360\degree\ videos, in particular to inform the streaming decisions. Various methods tackling this problem with deep neural networks have been proposed recently. In this article we first show the startling result that all such existing methods, which attempt to benefit both from the history of past positions and knowledge of the video content, perform worse than a simple no-motion baseline. We then propose an LSTM-based architecture which processes the positional information only. It is able to establish state-of-the-art performance and we consider it our position-only baseline. Through a thorough root cause analysis, we first show that the content can indeed inform the head position prediction for horizons longer than 2 to 3s, the trajectory inertia being predominant earlier. We also identify that a sequence-to-sequence auto-regressive framework is crucial to improve the prediction accuracy over longer prediction windows, and that a dedicated recurrent network handling the time series of positions is necessary to reach the performance of the position-only baseline in the early prediction steps. This allows to make the most of the positional information and ground-truth saliency. Finally we show how the level of noise in the estimated saliency impacts the architecture's performance, and we propose a new architecture establishing state-of-the-art performance with estimated saliency, supporting its assets with an ablation study. 
### 7.Multi-Level Network for High-Speed Multi-Person Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11686.pdf)
>  In multi-person pose estimation, the left/right joint type discrimination is always a hard problem because of the similar appearance. Traditionally, we solve this problem by stacking multiple refinement modules to increase network's receptive fields and capture more global context, which can also increase a great amount of computation. In this paper, we propose a Multi-level Network (MLN) that learns to aggregate features from lower-level (left/right information), upper-level (localization information), joint-limb level (complementary information) and global-level (context) information for discrimination of joint type. Through feature reuse and its intra-relation, MLN can attain comparable performance to other conventional methods while runtime speed retains at 42.2 FPS. 
### 8.FAN: Feature Adaptation Network for Surveillance Face Recognition and Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11680.pdf)
>  This paper studies face recognition (FR) and normalization in surveillance imagery. Surveillance FR is a challenging problem that has great values in law enforcement. Despite recent progress in conventional FR, less effort has been devoted to surveillance FR. To bridge this gap, we propose a Feature Adaptation Network (FAN) to jointly perform surveillance FR and normalization. Our face normalization mainly acts on the aspect of image resolution, closely related to face super-resolution. However, previous face super-resolution methods require paired training data with pixel-to-pixel correspondence, which is typically unavailable between real low- and high-resolution faces. Our FAN can leverage both paired and unpaired data as we disentangle the features into identity and non-identity components and adapt the distribution of the identity features, which breaks the limit of current face super-resolution methods. We further propose a random scale augmentation scheme to learn resolution robust identity features, with advantages over previous fixed scale augmentation. Extensive experiments on LFW, WIDER FACE, QUML-SurvFace and SCface datasets have demonstrated the superiority of our proposed method compared to the state of the arts on surveillance face recognition and normalization. 
### 9.GBCNs: Genetic Binary Convolutional Networks for Enhancing the Performance of 1-bit DCNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11634.pdf)
>  Training 1-bit deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) is one of the most challenging problems in computer vision, because it is much easier to get trapped into local minima than conventional DCNNs. The reason lies in that the binarized kernels and activations of 1-bit DCNNs cause a significant accuracy loss and training inefficiency. To address this problem, we propose Genetic Binary Convolutional Networks (GBCNs) to optimize 1-bit DCNNs, by introducing a new balanced Genetic Algorithm (BGA) to improve the representational ability in an end-to-end framework. The BGA method is proposed to modify the binary process of GBCNs to alleviate the local minima problem, which can significantly improve the performance of 1-bit DCNNs. We develop a new BGA module that is generic and flexible, and can be easily incorporated into existing DCNNs, such asWideResNets and ResNets. Extensive experiments on the object classification tasks (CIFAR, ImageNet) validate the effectiveness of the proposed method. To highlight, our method shows strong generalization on the object recognition task, i.e., face recognition, facial and person re-identification. 
### 10.On Symbiosis of Attribute Prediction and Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11612.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to employ semantic segmentation to improve person-related attribute prediction. The core idea lies in the fact that the probability of an attribute to appear in an image is far from being uniform in the spatial domain. We build our attribute prediction model jointly with a deep semantic segmentation network. This harnesses the localization cues learned by the semantic segmentation to guide the attention of the attribute prediction to the regions where different attributes naturally show up. Therefore, in addition to prediction, we are able to localize the attributes despite merely having access to image-level labels (weak supervision) during training. We first propose semantic segmentation-based pooling and gating, respectively denoted as SSP and SSG. In the former, the estimated segmentation masks are used to pool the final activations of the attribute prediction network, from multiple semantically homogeneous regions. In SSG, the same idea is applied to the intermediate layers of the network. SSP and SSG, while effective, impose heavy memory utilization since each channel of the activations is pooled/gated with all the semantic segmentation masks. To circumvent this, we propose Symbiotic Augmentation (SA), where we learn only one mask per activation channel. SA allows the model to either pick one, or combine (weighted superposition) multiple semantic maps, in order to generate the proper mask for each channel. SA simultaneously applies the same mechanism to the reverse problem by leveraging output logits of attribute prediction to guide the semantic segmentation task. We evaluate our proposed methods for facial attributes on CelebA and LFWA datasets, while benchmarking WIDER Attribute and Berkeley Attributes of People for whole body attributes. Our proposed methods achieve superior results compared to the previous works. 
### 11.DDNet: Dual-path Decoder Network for Occlusion Relationship Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11582.pdf)
>  Occlusion relationship reasoning based on convolution neural networks consists of two subtasks: occlusion boundary extraction and occlusion orientation inference. Due to the essential differences between the two subtasks in the feature expression at the higher and lower stages, it is challenging to carry on them simultaneously in one network. To address this issue, we propose a novel Dual-path Decoder Network, which uniformly extracts occlusion information at higher stages and separates into two paths to recover boundary and occlusion orientation respectively in lower stages. Besides, considering the restriction of occlusion orientation presentation to occlusion orientation learning, we design a new orthogonal representation for occlusion orientation and proposed the Orthogonal Orientation Regression loss which can get rid of the unfitness between occlusion representation and learning and further prompt the occlusion orientation learning. Finally, we apply a multi-scale loss together with our proposed orientation regression loss to guide the boundary and orientation path learning respectively. Experiments demonstrate that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results on PIOD and BSDS ownership datasets. 
### 12.Image2StyleGAN++: How to Edit the Embedded Images?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11544.pdf)
>  We propose Image2StyleGAN++, a flexible image editing framework with many applications. Our framework extends the recent Image2StyleGAN in three ways. First, we introduce noise optimization as a complement to the $W^+$ latent space embedding. Our noise optimization can restore high frequency features in images and thus significantly improves the quality of reconstructed images, e.g. a big increase of PSNR from 20 dB to 45 dB. Second, we extend the global $W^+$ latent space embedding to enable local embeddings. Third, we combine embedding with activation tensor manipulation to perform high quality local edits along with global semantic edits on images. Such edits motivate various high quality image editing applications, e.g. image reconstruction, image inpainting, image crossover, local style transfer, image editing using scribbles, and attribute level feature transfer. Examples of the edited images are shown across the paper for visual inspection. 
### 13.Decoupling Features and Coordinates for Few-shot RGB Relocalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11534.pdf)
>  Cross-scene model adaption is a crucial feature for camera relocalization applied in real scenarios. It is preferable that a pre-learned model can be quickly deployed in a novel scene with as little training as possible. The existing state-of-the-art approaches, however, can hardly support few-shot scene adaption due to the entangling of image feature extraction and 3D coordinate regression, which requires a large-scale of training data. To address this issue, inspired by how humans relocalize, we approach camera relocalization with a decoupled solution where feature extraction, coordinate regression and pose estimation are performed separately. Our key insight is that robust and discriminative image features used for coordinate regression should be learned by removing the distracting factor of camera views, because coordinates in the world reference frame are obviously independent of local views. In particular, we employ a deep neural network to learn view-factorized pixel-wise features using several training scenes. Given a new scene, we train a view-dependent per-pixel 3D coordinate regressor while keeping the feature extractor fixed. Such a decoupled design allows us to adapt the entire model to novel scene and achieve accurate camera pose estimation with only few-shot training samples and two orders of magnitude less training time than the state-of-the-arts. 
### 14.A Neural Rendering Framework for Free-Viewpoint Relighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11530.pdf)
>  We present a novel Relightable Neural Renderer (RNR) for simultaneous view synthesis and relighting using multi-view image inputs. Existing neural rendering (NR) does not explicitly model the physical rendering process and hence has limited capabilities on relighting. RNR instead models image formation in terms of environment lighting, object intrinsic attributes, and the light transport function (LTF), each corresponding to a learnable component. In particular, the incorporation of a physically based rendering process not only enables relighting but also improves the quality of novel view synthesis. Comprehensive experiments on synthetic and real data show that RNR provides a practical and effective solution for conducting free-viewpoint relighting. 
### 15.WSOD with PSNet and Box Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11512.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object detection(WSOD) task uses only image-level annotations to train object detection task. WSOD does not require time-consuming instance-level annotations, so the study of this task has attracted more and more attention. Previous weakly supervised object detection methods iteratively update detectors and pseudo-labels, or use feature-based mask-out methods. Most of these methods do not generate complete and accurate proposals, often only the most discriminative parts of the object, or too many background areas. To solve this problem, we added the box regression module to the weakly supervised object detection network and proposed a proposal scoring network (PSNet) to supervise it. The box regression module modifies proposal to improve the IoU of proposal and ground truth. PSNet scores the proposal output from the box regression network and utilize the score to improve the box regression module. In addition, we take advantage of the PRS algorithm for generating a more accurate pseudo label to train the box regression module. Using these methods, we train the detector on the PASCAL VOC 2007 and 2012 and obtain significantly improved results. 
### 16.Hearing Lips: Improving Lip Reading by Distilling Speech Recognizers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11502.pdf)
>  Lip reading has witnessed unparalleled development in recent years thanks to deep learning and the availability of large-scale datasets. Despite the encouraging results achieved, the performance of lip reading, unfortunately, remains inferior to the one of its counterpart speech recognition, due to the ambiguous nature of its actuations that makes it challenging to extract discriminant features from the lip movement videos. In this paper, we propose a new method, termed as Lip by Speech (LIBS), of which the goal is to strengthen lip reading by learning from speech recognizers. The rationale behind our approach is that the features extracted from speech recognizers may provide complementary and discriminant clues, which are formidable to be obtained from the subtle movements of the lips, and consequently facilitate the training of lip readers. This is achieved, specifically, by distilling multi-granularity knowledge from speech recognizers to lip readers. To conduct this cross-modal knowledge distillation, we utilize an efficacious alignment scheme to handle the inconsistent lengths of the audios and videos, as well as an innovative filtering strategy to refine the speech recognizer's prediction. The proposed method achieves the new state-of-the-art performance on the CMLR and LRS2 datasets, outperforming the baseline by a margin of 7.66% and 2.75% in character error rate, respectively. 
### 17.Using Depth for Pixel-Wise Detection of Adversarial Attacks in Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11484.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art methods for counting people in crowded scenes rely on deep networks to estimate crowd density. While effective, deep learning approaches are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, which, in a crowd-counting context, can lead to serious security issues. However, attack and defense mechanisms have been virtually unexplored in regression tasks, let alone for crowd density estimation. <br>In this paper, we investigate the effectiveness of existing attack strategies on crowd-counting networks, and introduce a simple yet effective pixel-wise detection mechanism. It builds on the intuition that, when attacking a multitask network, in our case estimating crowd density and scene depth, both outputs will be perturbed, and thus the second one can be used for detection purposes. We will demonstrate that this significantly outperforms heuristic-based and uncertainty-based strategies. 
### 18.G-TAD: Sub-Graph Localization for Temporal Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11462.pdf)
>  Temporal action detection is a fundamental yet challenging task in video understanding. Video context is a critical cue to effectively detect actions, but current works mainly focus on temporal context, while neglecting semantic con-text as well as other important context properties. In this work, we propose a graph convolutional network (GCN) model to adaptively incorporate multi-level semantic context into video features and cast temporal action detection as a sub-graph localization problem. Specifically, we formulate video snippets as graph nodes, snippet-snippet cor-relations as edges, and actions associated with context as target sub-graphs. With graph convolution as the basic operation, we design a GCN block called GCNeXt, which learns the features of each node by aggregating its context and dynamically updates the edges in the graph. To localize each sub-graph, we also design a SGAlign layer to embed each sub-graph into the Euclidean space. Extensive experiments show that G-TAD is capable of finding effective video context without extra supervision and achieves state-of-the-art performance on two detection benchmarks. On ActityNet-1.3, we obtain an average mAP of 34.09%; on THUMOS14, we obtain 40.16% in mAP@0.5, beating all the other one-stage methods. 
### 19.Occluded Pedestrian Detection with Visible IoU and Box Sign Predictor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11449.pdf)
>  Training a robust classifier and an accurate box regressor are difficult for occluded pedestrian detection. Traditionally adopted Intersection over Union (IoU) measurement does not consider the occluded region of the object and leads to improper training samples. To address such issue, a modification called visible IoU is proposed in this paper to explicitly incorporate the visible ratio in selecting samples. Then a newly designed box sign predictor is placed in parallel with box regressor to separately predict the moving direction of training samples. It leads to higher localization accuracy by introducing sign prediction loss during training and sign refining in testing. Following these novelties, we obtain state-of-the-art performance on CityPersons benchmark for occluded pedestrian detection. 
### 20.F3Net: Fusion, Feedback and Focus for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11445.pdf)
>  Most of existing salient object detection models have achieved great progress by aggregating multi-level features extracted from convolutional neural networks. However, because of the different receptive fields of different convolutional layers, there exists big differences between features generated by these layers. Common feature fusion strategies (addition or concatenation) ignore these differences and may cause suboptimal solutions. In this paper, we propose the F3Net to solve above problem, which mainly consists of cross feature module (CFM) and cascaded feedback decoder (CFD) trained by minimizing a new pixel position aware loss (PPA). Specifically, CFM aims to selectively aggregate multi-level features. Different from addition and concatenation, CFM adaptively selects complementary components from input features before fusion, which can effectively avoid introducing too much redundant information that may destroy the original features. Besides, CFD adopts a multi-stage feedback mechanism, where features closed to supervision will be introduced to the output of previous layers to supplement them and eliminate the differences between features. These refined features will go through multiple similar iterations before generating the final saliency maps. Furthermore, different from binary cross entropy, the proposed PPA loss doesn't treat pixels equally, which can synthesize the local structure information of a pixel to guide the network to focus more on local details. Hard pixels from boundaries or error-prone parts will be given more attention to emphasize their importance. F3Net is able to segment salient object regions accurately and provide clear local details. Comprehensive experiments on five benchmark datasets demonstrate that F3Net outperforms state-of-the-art approaches on six evaluation metrics. 
### 21.Procrustes registration of two-dimensional statistical shape models without correspondences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11431.pdf)
>  Statistical shape models are a useful tool in image processing and computer vision. A Procrustres registration of the contours of the same shape is typically perform to align the training samples to learn the statistical shape model. A Procrustes registration between two contours with known correspondences is straightforward. However, these correspondences are not generally available. Manually placed landmarks are often used for correspondence in the design of statistical shape models. However, determining manual landmarks on the contours is time-consuming and often error-prone. One solution to simultaneously find correspondence and registration is the Iterative Closest Point (ICP) algorithm. However, ICP requires an initial position of the contours that is close to registration, and it is not robust against outliers. We propose a new strategy, based on Dynamic Time Warping, that efficiently solves the Procrustes registration problem without correspondences. We study the registration performance in a collection of different shape data sets and show that our technique outperforms competing techniques based on the ICP approach. Our strategy is applied to an ensemble of contours of the same shape as an extension of the generalized Procrustes analysis accounting for a lack of correspondence. 
### 22.Revisiting Image Aesthetic Assessment via Self-Supervised Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11419.pdf)
>  Visual aesthetic assessment has been an active research field for decades. Although latest methods have achieved promising performance on benchmark datasets, they typically rely on a large number of manual annotations including both aesthetic labels and related image attributes. In this paper, we revisit the problem of image aesthetic assessment from the self-supervised feature learning perspective. Our motivation is that a suitable feature representation for image aesthetic assessment should be able to distinguish different expert-designed image manipulations, which have close relationships with negative aesthetic effects. To this end, we design two novel pretext tasks to identify the types and parameters of editing operations applied to synthetic instances. The features from our pretext tasks are then adapted for a one-layer linear classifier to evaluate the performance in terms of binary aesthetic classification. We conduct extensive quantitative experiments on three benchmark datasets and demonstrate that our approach can faithfully extract aesthetics-aware features and outperform alternative pretext schemes. Moreover, we achieve comparable results to state-of-the-art supervised methods that use 10 million labels from ImageNet. 
### 23.LaFIn: Generative Landmark Guided Face Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11394.pdf)
>  It is challenging to inpaint face images in the wild, due to the large variation of appearance, such as different poses, expressions and occlusions. A good inpainting algorithm should guarantee the realism of output, including the topological structure among eyes, nose and mouth, as well as the attribute consistency on pose, gender, ethnicity, expression, etc. This paper studies an effective deep learning based strategy to deal with these issues, which comprises of a facial landmark predicting subnet and an image inpainting subnet. Concretely, given partial observation, the landmark predictor aims to provide the structural information (e.g. topological relationship and expression) of incomplete faces, while the inpaintor is to generate plausible appearance (e.g. gender and ethnicity) conditioned on the predicted landmarks. Experiments on the CelebA-HQ and CelebA datasets are conducted to reveal the efficacy of our design and, to demonstrate its superiority over state-of-the-art alternatives both qualitatively and quantitatively. In addition, we assume that high-quality completed faces together with their landmarks can be utilized as augmented data to further improve the performance of (any) landmark predictor, which is corroborated by experimental results on the 300W and WFLW datasets. 
### 24.Efficient Attention Mechanism for Handling All the Interactions between Many Inputs with Application to Visual Dialog  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11390.pdf)
>  It has been a primary concern in recent studies of vision and language tasks to design an effective attention mechanism dealing with interactions between the two modalities. The Transformer has recently been extended and applied to several bi-modal tasks, yielding promising results. For visual dialog, it becomes necessary to consider interactions between three or more inputs, i.e., an image, a question, and a dialog history, or even its individual dialog components. In this paper, we present a neural architecture that can efficiently deal with all the interactions between many such inputs. It has a block structure similar to the Transformer and employs the same design of attention computation, whereas it has only a small number of parameters, yet has sufficient representational power for the purpose. Assuming a standard setting of visual dialog, a network built upon the proposed attention block has less than one-tenth of parameters as compared with its counterpart, a natural Transformer extension. We present its application to the visual dialog task. The experimental results validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach, showing improvements of the best NDCG score on the VisDial v1.0 dataset from 57.59 to 60.92 with a single model, from 64.47 to 66.53 with ensemble models, and even to 74.88 with additional finetuning. 
### 25.Multi-Task Driven Feature Models for Thermal Infrared Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11384.pdf)
>  Existing deep Thermal InfraRed (TIR) trackers usually use the feature models of RGB trackers for representation. However, these feature models learned on RGB images are neither effective in representing TIR objects nor taking fine-grained TIR information into consideration. To this end, we develop a multi-task framework to learn the TIR-specific discriminative features and fine-grained correlation features for TIR tracking. Specifically, we first use an auxiliary classification network to guide the generation of TIR-specific discriminative features for distinguishing the TIR objects belonging to different classes. Second, we design a fine-grained aware module to capture more subtle information for distinguishing the TIR objects belonging to the same class. These two kinds of features complement each other and recognize TIR objects in the levels of inter-class and intra-class respectively. These two feature models are learned using a multi-task matching framework and are jointly optimized on the TIR tracking task. In addition, we develop a large-scale TIR training dataset to train the network for adapting the model to the TIR domain. Extensive experimental results on three benchmarks show that the proposed algorithm achieves a relative gain of 10% over the baseline and performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods. Codes and the proposed TIR dataset are available at {<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/QiaoLiuHit/MMNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 26.Distraction-Aware Feature Learning for Human Attribute Recognition via Coarse-to-Fine Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11351.pdf)
>  Recently, Human Attribute Recognition (HAR) has become a hot topic due to its scientific challenges and application potentials, where localizing attributes is a crucial stage but not well handled. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning approach to HAR, namely Distraction-aware HAR (Da-HAR). It enhances deep CNN feature learning by improving attribute localization through a coarse-to-fine attention mechanism. At the coarse step, a self-mask block is built to roughly discriminate and reduce distractions, while at the fine step, a masked attention branch is applied to further eliminate irrelevant regions. Thanks to this mechanism, feature learning is more accurate, especially when heavy occlusions and complex backgrounds exist. Extensive experiments are conducted on the WIDER-Attribute and RAP databases, and state-of-the-art results are achieved, demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed approach. 
### 27.Skeleton based Zero Shot Action Recognition in Joint Pose-Language Semantic Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11344.pdf)
>  How does one represent an action? How does one describe an action that we have never seen before? Such questions are addressed by the Zero Shot Learning paradigm, where a model is trained on only a subset of classes and is evaluated on its ability to correctly classify an example from a class it has never seen before. In this work, we present a body pose based zero shot action recognition network and demonstrate its performance on the NTU RGB-D dataset. Our model learns to jointly encapsulate visual similarities based on pose features of the action performer as well as similarities in the natural language descriptions of the unseen action class names. We demonstrate how this pose-language semantic space encodes knowledge which allows our model to correctly predict actions not seen during training. 
### 28.Learning Efficient Video Representation with Video Shuffle Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11319.pdf)
>  3D CNN shows its strong ability in learning spatiotemporal representation in recent video recognition tasks. However, inflating 2D convolution to 3D inevitably introduces additional computational costs, making it cumbersome in practical deployment. We consider whether there is a way to equip the conventional 2D convolution with temporal vision no requiring expanding its kernel. To this end, we propose the video shuffle, a parameter-free plug-in component that efficiently reallocates the inputs of 2D convolution so that its receptive field can be extended to the temporal dimension. In practical, video shuffle firstly divides each frame feature into multiple groups and then aggregate the grouped features via temporal shuffle operation. This allows the following 2D convolution aggregate the global spatiotemporal features. The proposed video shuffle can be flexibly inserted into popular 2D CNNs, forming the Video Shuffle Networks (VSN). With a simple yet efficient implementation, VSN performs surprisingly well on temporal modeling benchmarks. In experiments, VSN not only gains non-trivial improvements on Kinetics and Moments in Time, but also achieves state-of-the-art performance on Something-Something-V1, Something-Something-V2 datasets. 
### 29.Calibrated Domain-Invariant Learning for Highly Generalizable Large Scale Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11314.pdf)
>  Many real-world applications, such as city-scale traffic monitoring and control, requires large-scale re-identification. However, previous ReID methods often failed to address two limitations in existing ReID benchmarks, i.e., low spatiotemporal coverage and sample imbalance. Notwithstanding their demonstrated success in every single benchmark, they have difficulties in generalizing to unseen environments. As a result, these methods are less applicable in a large-scale setting due to poor generalization. In seek for a highly generalizable large-scale ReID method, we present an adversarial domain invariant feature learning framework (ADIN) that explicitly learns to separate identity-related features from challenging variations, where for the first time "free" annotations in ReID data such as video timestamp and camera index are utilized. Furthermore, we find that the imbalance of nuisance classes jeopardizes the adversarial training, and for mitigation we propose a calibrated adversarial loss that is attentive to nuisance distribution. Experiments on existing large-scale person vehicle ReID datasets demonstrate that ADIN learns more robust and generalizable representations, as evidenced by its outstanding direct transfer performance across datasets, which is a criterion that can better measure the generalizability of large-scale ReID methods/ 
### 30.Spatial-Aware GAN for Unsupervised Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11312.pdf)
>  The recent person re-identification research has achieved great success by learning from a large number of labeled person images. On the other hand, the learned models often experience significant performance drops when applied to images collected in a different environment. Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) has been investigated to mitigate this constraint, but most existing systems adapt images at pixel level only and ignore obvious discrepancies at spatial level. This paper presents an innovative UDA-based person re-identification network that is capable of adapting images at both spatial and pixel levels simultaneously. A novel disentangled cycle-consistency loss is designed which guides the learning of spatial-level and pixel-level adaptation in a collaborative manner. In addition, a novel multi-modal mechanism is incorporated which is capable of generating images of different geometry views and augmenting training images effectively. Extensive experiments over a number of public datasets show that the proposed UDA network achieves superior person re-identification performance as compared with the state-of-the-art. 
### 31.SRG: Snippet Relatedness-based Temporal Action Proposal Generator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11306.pdf)
>  Recent temporal action proposal generation approaches have suggested integrating segment- and snippet score-based methodologies to produce proposals with high recall and accurate boundaries. In this paper, different from such a hybrid strategy, we focus on the potential of the snippet score-based approach. Specifically, we propose a new snippet score-based method, named Snippet Relatedness-based Generator (SRG), with a novel concept of "snippet relatedness". Snippet relatedness represents which snippets are related to a specific action instance. To effectively learn this snippet relatedness, we present ``pyramid non-local operations'' for locally and globally capturing long-range dependencies among snippets. By employing these components, SRG first produces a 2D relatedness score map that enables the generation of various temporal intervals reliably covering most action instances with high overlap. Then, SRG evaluates the action confidence scores of these temporal intervals and refines their boundaries to obtain temporal action proposals. On THUMOS-14 and ActivityNet-1.3 datasets, SRG outperforms state-of-the-art methods for temporal action proposal generation. Furthermore, compared to competing proposal generators, SRG leads to significant improvements in temporal action detection. 
### 32.Motion-Based Generator Model: Unsupervised Disentanglement of Appearance, Trackable and Intrackable Motions in Dynamic Patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11294.pdf)
>  Dynamic patterns are characterized by complex spatial and motion patterns. Understanding dynamic patterns requires a disentangled representational model that separates the factorial components. A commonly used model for dynamic patterns is the state space model, where the state evolves over time according to a transition model and the state generates the observed image frames according to an emission model. To model the motions explicitly, it is natural for the model to be based on the motions or the displacement fields of the pixels. Thus in the emission model, we let the hidden state generate the displacement field, which warps the trackable component in the previous image frame to generate the next frame while adding a simultaneously emitted residual image to account for the change that cannot be explained by the deformation. The warping of the previous image is about the trackable part of the change of image frame, while the residual image is about the intrackable part of the image. We use a maximum likelihood algorithm to learn the model that iterates between inferring latent noise vectors that drive the transition model and updating the parameters given the inferred latent vectors. Meanwhile we adopt a regularization term to penalize the norms of the residual images to encourage the model to explain the change of image frames by trackable motion. Unlike existing methods on dynamic patterns, we learn our model in unsupervised setting without ground truth displacement fields. In addition, our model defines a notion of intrackability by the separation of warped component and residual component in each image frame. We show that our method can synthesize realistic dynamic pattern, and disentangling appearance, trackable and intrackable motions. The learned models are useful for motion transfer, and it is natural to adopt it to define and measure intrackability of a dynamic pattern. 
### 33.Efficient Saliency Maps for Explainable AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11293.pdf)
>  We describe an explainable AI saliency map method for use with deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) that is much more efficient than popular gradient methods. It is also quantitatively similar and better in accuracy. Our technique works by measuring information at the end of each network scale which is then combined into a single saliency map. We describe how saliency measures can be made more efficient by exploiting Saliency Map Order Equivalence. Finally, we visualize individual scale/layer contributions by using a Layer Ordered Visualization of Information. This provides an interesting comparison of scale information contributions within the network not provided by other saliency map methods. Since our method only requires a single forward pass through a few of the layers in a network, it is at least 97x faster than Guided Backprop and much more accurate. Using our method instead of Guided Backprop, class activation methods such as Grad-CAM, Grad-CAM++ and Smooth Grad-CAM++ will run several orders of magnitude faster, have a significantly smaller memory footprint and be more accurate. This will make such methods feasible on resource limited platforms such as robots, cell phones and low cost industrial devices. This will also significantly help them work in extremely data intensive applications such as satellite image processing. All without sacrificing accuracy. Our method is generally straight forward and should be applicable to the most commonly used CNNs. We also show examples of our method used to enhance Grad-CAM++. 
### 34.Autolabeling 3D Objects with Differentiable Rendering of SDF Shape Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11288.pdf)
>  We present an automatic annotation pipeline to recover 9D cuboids and 3D shape from pre-trained off-the-shelf 2D detectors and sparse LIDAR data. Our autolabeling method solves this challenging ill-posed inverse problem by relying on learned shape priors and optimization of geometric and physical parameters. To that end, we propose a novel differentiable shape renderer over signed distance fields (SDF), which we leverage in combination with normalized object coordinate spaces (NOCS). Initially trained on synthetic data to predict shape and coordinates, our method uses these predictions for projective and geometrical alignment over real samples. We also propose a curriculum learning strategy, iteratively retraining on samples of increasing difficulty for subsequent self-improving annotation rounds. Our experiments on the KITTI3D dataset show that we can recover a substantial amount of accurate cuboids, and that these autolabels can be used to train 3D vehicle detectors with state-of-the-art results. We will make the code publicly available soon. 
### 35.Shape-aware Feature Extraction for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11263.pdf)
>  Modern instance segmentation approaches mainly adopt a sequential paradigm - ``detect then segment'', as popularized by Mask R-CNN, which have achieved considerable progress. However, they usually struggle to segment huddled instances, i.e., instances which are crowded together. The essential reason is the detection step is only learned under box-level supervision. Without the guidance from the mask-level supervision, the features extracted from the regions containing huddled instances are noisy and ambiguous, which makes the detection problem ill-posed. To address this issue, we propose a new region-of-interest (RoI) feature extraction strategy, named Shape-aware RoIAlign, which focuses feature extraction within a region aligned well with the shape of the instance-of-interest rather than a rectangular RoI. We instantiate Shape-aware RoIAlign by introducing a novel refining module built upon Mask R-CNN, which takes the mask predicted by Mask R-CNN as the region to guide the computation of Shape-aware RoIAlign. Based on the RoI features re-computed by Shape-aware RoIAlign, the refining module updates the bounding box as well as the mask predicted by Mask R-CNN. Experimental results show that the refining module equipped with Shape-aware RoIAlign achieves consistent and remarkable improvements than Mask R-CNN models with different backbones, respectively, on the challenging COCO dataset. The code will be released. 
### 36.Translation Insensitive CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11238.pdf)
>  We address the problem that state-of-the-art Convolution Neural Networks (CNN) classifiers are not invariant to small shifts. The problem can be solved by the removal of sub-sampling operations such as stride and max pooling, but at a cost of severely degraded training and test efficiency. We present a novel usage of Gaussian-Hermite basis to efficiently approximate arbitrary filters within the CNN framework to obtain translation invariance. This is shown to be invariant to small shifts, and preserves the efficiency of training. Further, to improve efficiency in memory usage as well as computational speed, we show that it is still possible to sub-sample with this approach and retain a weaker form of invariance that we call \emph{translation insensitivity}, which leads to stability with respect to shifts. We prove these claims analytically and empirically. Our analytic methods further provide a framework for understanding any architecture in terms of translation insensitivity, and provide guiding principles for design. 
### 37.RandLA-Net: Efficient Semantic Segmentation of Large-Scale Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11236.pdf)
>  We study the problem of efficient semantic segmentation for large-scale 3D point clouds. By relying on expensive sampling techniques or computationally heavy pre/post-processing steps, most existing approaches are only able to be trained and operate over small-scale point clouds. In this paper, we introduce RandLA-Net, an efficient and lightweight neural architecture to directly infer per-point semantics for large-scale point clouds. The key to our approach is to use random point sampling instead of more complex point selection approaches. Although remarkably computation and memory efficient, random sampling can discard key features by chance. To overcome this, we introduce a novel local feature aggregation module to progressively increase the receptive field for each 3D point, thereby effectively preserving geometric details. Extensive experiments show that our RandLA-Net can process 1 million points in a single pass with up to 200X faster than existing approaches. Moreover, our RandLA-Net clearly surpasses state-of-the-art approaches for semantic segmentation on two large-scale benchmarks Semantic3D and SemanticKITTI. 
### 38.Identifying Model Weakness with Adversarial Examiner  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11230.pdf)
>  Machine learning models are usually evaluated according to the average case performance on the test set. However, this is not always ideal, because in some sensitive domains (e.g. autonomous driving), it is the worst case performance that matters more. In this paper, we are interested in systematic exploration of the input data space to identify the weakness of the model to be evaluated. We propose to use an adversarial examiner in the testing stage. Different from the existing strategy to always give the same (distribution of) test data, the adversarial examiner will dynamically select the next test data to hand out based on the testing history so far, with the goal being to undermine the model's performance. This sequence of test data not only helps us understand the current model, but also serves as constructive feedback to help improve the model in the next iteration. We conduct experiments on ShapeNet object classification. We show that our adversarial examiner can successfully put more emphasis on the weakness of the model, preventing performance estimates from being overly optimistic. 
### 39.Shape Reconstruction by Learning Differentiable Surface Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11227.pdf)
>  Generative models that produce point clouds have emerged as a powerful tool to represent 3D surfaces, and the best current ones rely on learning an ensemble of parametric representations. Unfortunately, they offer no control over the deformations of the surface patches that form the ensemble and thus fail to prevent them from either overlapping or collapsing into single points or lines. As a consequence, computing shape properties such as surface normals and curvatures becomes difficult and unreliable. <br>In this paper, we show that we can exploit the inherent differentiability of deep networks to leverage differential surface properties during training so as to prevent patch collapse and strongly reduce patch overlap. Furthermore, this lets us reliably compute quantities such as surface normals and curvatures. We will demonstrate on several tasks that this yields more accurate surface reconstructions than the state-of-the-art methods in terms of normals estimation and amount of collapsed and overlapped patches. 
### 40.Oops! Predicting Unintentional Action in Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11206.pdf)
>  From just a short glance at a video, we can often tell whether a person's action is intentional or not. Can we train a model to recognize this? We introduce a dataset of in-the-wild videos of unintentional action, as well as a suite of tasks for recognizing, localizing, and anticipating its onset. We train a supervised neural network as a baseline and analyze its performance compared to human consistency on the tasks. We also investigate self-supervised representations that leverage natural signals in our dataset, and show the effectiveness of an approach that uses the intrinsic speed of video to perform competitively with highly-supervised pretraining. However, a significant gap between machine and human performance remains. The project website is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://oops.cs.columbia.edu" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 41.Real-Time Object Tracking via Meta-Learning: Efficient Model Adaptation and One-Shot Channel Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11170.pdf)
>  We propose a novel meta-learning framework for real-time object tracking with efficient model adaptation and channel pruning. Given an object tracker, our framework learns to fine-tune its model parameters in only a few iterations of gradient-descent during tracking while pruning its network channels using the target ground-truth at the first frame. Such a learning problem is formulated as a meta-learning task, where a meta-tracker is trained by updating its meta-parameters for initial weights, learning rates, and pruning masks through carefully designed tracking simulations. The integrated meta-tracker greatly improves tracking performance by accelerating the convergence of online learning and reducing the cost of feature computation. Experimental evaluation on the standard datasets demonstrates its outstanding accuracy and speed compared to the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 42.Self-Enhanced Convolutional Network for Facial Video Hallucination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11136.pdf)
>  As a domain-specific super-resolution problem, facial image hallucination has enjoyed a series of breakthroughs thanks to the advances of deep convolutional neural networks. However, the direct migration of existing methods to video is still difficult to achieve good performance due to its lack of alignment and consistency modelling in temporal domain. Taking advantage of high inter-frame dependency in videos, we propose a self-enhanced convolutional network for facial video hallucination. It is implemented by making full usage of preceding super-resolved frames and a temporal window of adjacent low-resolution frames. Specifically, the algorithm first obtains the initial high-resolution inference of each frame by taking into consideration a sequence of consecutive low-resolution inputs through temporal consistency modelling. It further recurrently exploits the reconstructed results and intermediate features of a sequence of preceding frames to improve the initial super-resolution of the current frame by modelling the coherence of structural facial features across frames. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations demonstrate the superiority of the proposed algorithm against state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, our algorithm also achieves excellent performance in the task of general video super-resolution in a single-shot setting. 
### 43.Imitation Learning of Robot Policies by Combining Language, Vision and Demonstration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11744.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a novel end-to-end imitation learning approach which combines natural language, vision, and motion information to produce an abstract representation of a task, which in turn is used to synthesize specific motion controllers at run-time. This multimodal approach enables generalization to a wide variety of environmental conditions and allows an end-user to direct a robot policy through verbal communication. We empirically validate our approach with an extensive set of simulations and show that it achieves a high task success rate over a variety of conditions while remaining amenable to probabilistic interpretability. 
### 44.Teaching Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11620.pdf)
>  The visual world is very rich and generally too complex to perceive in its entirety. Yet only certain features are typically required to adequately perform some task in a given situation. Rather than hardwire-in decisions about when and what to sense, this paper describes a robotic system whose behavioral policy can be set by verbal instructions it receives. These capabilities are demonstrated in an associated video showing the fully implemented system guiding the perception of a physical robot in simple scenario. The structure and functioning of the underlying natural language based symbolic reasoning system is also discussed. 
### 45.Joint Spatial and Angular Super-Resolution from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11619.pdf)
>  Synthesizing a densely sampled light field from a single image is highly beneficial for many applications. Moreover, jointly solving both angular and spatial super-resolution problem also introduces new possibilities in light field imaging. The conventional method relies on physical-based rendering and a secondary network to solve the angular super-resolution problem. In addition, pixel-based loss limits the network capability to infer scene geometry globally. In this paper, we show that both super-resolution problems can be solved jointly from a single image by proposing a single end-to-end deep neural network that does not require a physical-based approach. Two novel loss functions based on known light field domain knowledge are proposed to enable the network to preserve the spatio-angular consistency between sub-aperture images. Experimental results show that the proposed model successfully synthesizes dense high resolution light field and it outperforms the state-of-the-art method in both quantitative and qualitative criteria. The method can be generalized to arbitrary scenes, rather than focusing on a particular subject. The synthesized light field can be used for various applications, such as depth estimation and refocusing. 
### 46.Enhancing Cross-task Black-Box Transferability of Adversarial Examples with Dispersion Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11616.pdf)
>  Neural networks are known to be vulnerable to carefully crafted adversarial examples, and these malicious samples often transfer, i.e., they remain adversarial even against other models. Although great efforts have been delved into the transferability across models, surprisingly, less attention has been paid to the cross-task transferability, which represents the real-world cybercriminal's situation, where an ensemble of different defense/detection mechanisms need to be evaded all at once. In this paper, we investigate the transferability of adversarial examples across a wide range of real-world computer vision tasks, including image classification, object detection, semantic segmentation, explicit content detection, and text detection. Our proposed attack minimizes the ``dispersion'' of the internal feature map, which overcomes existing attacks' limitation of requiring task-specific loss functions and/or probing a target model. We conduct evaluation on open source detection and segmentation models as well as four different computer vision tasks provided by Google Cloud Vision (GCV) APIs, to show how our approach outperforms existing attacks by degrading performance of multiple CV tasks by a large margin with only modest perturbations linf=16. 
### 47.Multi-source Distilling Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11554.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks suffer from performance decay when there is domain shift between the labeled source domain and unlabeled target domain, which motivates the research on domain adaptation (DA). Conventional DA methods usually assume that the labeled data is sampled from a single source distribution. However, in practice, labeled data may be collected from multiple sources, while naive application of the single-source DA algorithms may lead to suboptimal solutions. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-source distilling domain adaptation (MDDA) network, which not only considers the different distances among multiple sources and the target, but also investigates the different similarities of the source samples to the target ones. Specifically, the proposed MDDA includes four stages: (1) pre-train the source classifiers separately using the training data from each source; (2) adversarially map the target into the feature space of each source respectively by minimizing the empirical Wasserstein distance between source and target; (3) select the source training samples that are closer to the target to fine-tune the source classifiers; and (4) classify each encoded target feature by corresponding source classifier, and aggregate different predictions using respective domain weight, which corresponds to the discrepancy between each source and target. Extensive experiments are conducted on public DA benchmarks, and the results demonstrate that the proposed MDDA significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches. Our source code is released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/daoyuan98/MDDA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 48."You might also like this model": Data Driven Approach for Recommending Deep Learning Models for Unknown Image Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11433.pdf)
>  For an unknown (new) classification dataset, choosing an appropriate deep learning architecture is often a recursive, time-taking, and laborious process. In this research, we propose a novel technique to recommend a suitable architecture from a repository of known models. Further, we predict the performance accuracy of the recommended architecture on the given unknown dataset, without the need for training the model. We propose a model encoder approach to learn a fixed length representation of deep learning architectures along with its hyperparameters, in an unsupervised fashion. We manually curate a repository of image datasets with corresponding known deep learning models and show that the predicted accuracy is a good estimator of the actual accuracy. We discuss the implications of the proposed approach for three benchmark images datasets and also the challenges in using the approach for text modality. To further increase the reproducibility of the proposed approach, the entire implementation is made publicly available along with the trained models. 
### 49.A Two-stream End-to-End Deep Learning Network for Recognizing Atypical Visual Attention in Autism Spectrum Disorder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11393.pdf)
>  Eye movements have been widely investigated to study the atypical visual attention in Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). The majority of these studies have been focused on limited eye movement features by statistical comparisons between ASD and Typically Developing (TD) groups, which make it difficult to accurately separate ASD from TD at the individual level. The deep learning technology has been highly successful in overcoming this issue by automatically extracting features important for classification through a data-driven learning process. However, there is still a lack of end-to-end deep learning framework for recognition of abnormal attention in ASD. In this study, we developed a novel two-stream deep learning network for this recognition based on 700 images and corresponding eye movement patterns of ASD and TD, and obtained an accuracy of 0.95, which was higher than the previous state-of-the-art. We next characterized contributions to the classification at the single image level and non-linearly integration of this single image level information during the classification. Moreover, we identified a group of pixel-level visual features within these images with greater impacts on the classification. Together, this two-stream deep learning network provides us a novel and powerful tool to recognize and understand abnormal visual attention in ASD. 
### 50.Content-based image retrieval speedup  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11379.pdf)
>  Content-based image retrieval (CBIR) is a task of retrieving images from their contents. Since retrieval process is a time-consuming task in large image databases, acceleration methods can be very useful. This paper presents a novel method to speed up CBIR systems. In the proposed method, first Zernike moments are extracted from query image and an interval is calculated for that query. Images in database which are out of the interval are ignored in retrieval process. Therefore, a database reduction occurs before retrieval which leads to speed up. It is shown that in reduced database, relevant images to query image are preserved and irrelevant images are throwed away. Therefore, the proposed method speed up retrieval process and preserve CBIR accuracy, simultaneously. 
### 51.Text2FaceGAN: Face Generation from Fine Grained Textual Descriptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11378.pdf)
>  Powerful generative adversarial networks (GAN) have been developed to automatically synthesize realistic images from text. However, most existing tasks are limited to generating simple images such as flowers from captions. In this work, we extend this problem to the less addressed domain of face generation from fine-grained textual descriptions of face, e.g., "A person has curly hair, oval face, and mustache". We are motivated by the potential of automated face generation to impact and assist critical tasks such as criminal face reconstruction. Since current datasets for the task are either very small or do not contain captions, we generate captions for images in the CelebA dataset by creating an algorithm to automatically convert a list of attributes to a set of captions. We then model the highly multi-modal problem of text to face generation as learning the conditional distribution of faces (conditioned on text) in same latent space. We utilize the current state-of-the-art GAN (DC-GAN with GAN-CLS loss) for learning conditional multi-modality. The presence of more fine-grained details and variable length of the captions makes the problem easier for a user but more difficult to handle compared to the other text-to-image tasks. We flipped the labels for real and fake images and added noise in discriminator. Generated images for diverse textual descriptions show promising results. In the end, we show how the widely used inceptions score is not a good metric to evaluate the performance of generative models used for synthesizing faces from text. 
### 52.Semantic Bottleneck Scene Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11357.pdf)
>  Coupling the high-fidelity generation capabilities of label-conditional image synthesis methods with the flexibility of unconditional generative models, we propose a semantic bottleneck GAN model for unconditional synthesis of complex scenes. We assume pixel-wise segmentation labels are available during training and use them to learn the scene structure. During inference, our model first synthesizes a realistic segmentation layout from scratch, then synthesizes a realistic scene conditioned on that layout. For the former, we use an unconditional progressive segmentation generation network that captures the distribution of realistic semantic scene layouts. For the latter, we use a conditional segmentation-to-image synthesis network that captures the distribution of photo-realistic images conditioned on the semantic layout. When trained end-to-end, the resulting model outperforms state-of-the-art generative models in unsupervised image synthesis on two challenging domains in terms of the Frechet Inception Distance and user-study evaluations. Moreover, we demonstrate the generated segmentation maps can be used as additional training data to strongly improve recent segmentation-to-image synthesis networks. 
### 53.Super-Resolution for Practical Automated Plant Disease Diagnosis System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11341.pdf)
>  Automated plant diagnosis using images taken from a distance is often insufficient in resolution and degrades diagnostic accuracy since the important external characteristics of symptoms are lost. In this paper, we first propose an effective pre-processing method for improving the performance of automated plant disease diagnosis systems using super-resolution techniques. We investigate the efficiency of two different super-resolution methods by comparing the disease diagnostic performance on the practical original high-resolution, low-resolution, and super-resolved cucumber images. Our method generates super-resolved images that look very close to natural images with 4$\times$ upscaling factors and is capable of recovering the lost detailed symptoms, largely boosting the diagnostic performance. Our model improves the disease classification accuracy by 26.9% over the bicubic interpolation method of 65.6% and shows a small gap (3% lower) between the original result of 95.5%. 
### 54.Progressive Retinex: Mutually Reinforced Illumination-Noise Perception Network for Low Light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11323.pdf)
>  Contrast enhancement and noise removal are coupled problems for low-light image enhancement. The existing Retinex based methods do not take the coupling relation into consideration, resulting in under or over-smoothing of the enhanced images. To address this issue, this paper presents a novel progressive Retinex framework, in which illumination and noise of low-light image are perceived in a mutually reinforced manner, leading to noise reduction low-light enhancement results. Specifically, two fully pointwise convolutional neural networks are devised to model the statistical regularities of ambient light and image noise respectively, and to leverage them as constraints to facilitate the mutual learning process. The proposed method not only suppresses the interference caused by the ambiguity between tiny textures and image noises, but also greatly improves the computational efficiency. Moreover, to solve the problem of insufficient training data, we propose an image synthesis strategy based on camera imaging model, which generates color images corrupted by illumination-dependent noises. Experimental results on both synthetic and real low-light images demonstrate the superiority of our proposed approaches against the State-Of-The-Art (SOTA) low-light enhancement methods. 
### 55.Neural Graph Matching Network: Learning Lawler's Quadratic Assignment Problem with Extension to Hypergraph and Multiple-graph Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11308.pdf)
>  Graph matching involves combinatorial optimization based on edge-to-edge affinity matrix, which can be generally formulated as Lawler's Quadratic Assignment Problem (QAP). This paper presents a QAP network directly learning with the affinity matrix (equivalently the association graph) whereby the matching problem is translated into a vertex classification task. The association graph is learned by an embedding network for vertex classification, followed by Sinkhorn normalization and a cross-entropy loss for end-to-end learning. We further improve the embedding model on association graph by introducing Sinkhorn based constraint, and dummy nodes to deal with outliers. To our best knowledge, this is the first network to directly learn with the general Lawler's QAP. In contrast, state-of-the-art deep matching methods focus on the learning of node and edge features in two graphs respectively. We also show how to extend our network to hypergraph matching, and matching of multiple graphs. Experimental results on both synthetic graphs and real-world images show our method outperforms. For pure QAP tasks on synthetic data and QAPLIB, our method can surpass spectral matching and RRWM, especially on challenging problems. 
### 56.Hexagonal Image Processing in the Context of Machine Learning: Conception of a Biologically Inspired Hexagonal Deep Learning Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11251.pdf)
>  Inspired by the human visual perception system, hexagonal image processing in the context of machine learning deals with the development of image processing systems that combine the advantages of evolutionary motivated structures based on biological models. While conventional state of the art image processing systems of recording and output devices almost exclusively utilize square arranged methods, their hexagonal counterparts offer a number of key advantages that can benefit both researchers and users. This contribution serves as a general application-oriented approach with the synthesis of the therefor designed hexagonal image processing framework, called Hexnet, the processing steps of hexagonal image transformation, and dependent methods. The results of our created test environment show that the realized framework surpasses current approaches of hexagonal image processing systems, while hexagonal artificial neural networks can benefit from the implemented hexagonal architecture. As hexagonal lattice format based deep neural networks, also called H-DNN, can be compared to their square counterpart by transforming classical square lattice based data sets into their hexagonal representation, they can also result in a reduction of trainable parameters as well as result in increased training and test rates. 
### 57.A Novel Visual Fault Detection and Classification System for Semiconductor Manufacturing Using Stacked Hybrid Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11250.pdf)
>  Automated visual inspection in the semiconductor industry aims to detect and classify manufacturing defects utilizing modern image processing techniques. While an earliest possible detection of defect patterns allows quality control and automation of manufacturing chains, manufacturers benefit from an increased yield and reduced manufacturing costs. Since classical image processing systems are limited in their ability to detect novel defect patterns, and machine learning approaches often involve a tremendous amount of computational effort, this contribution introduces a novel deep neural network-based hybrid approach. Unlike classical deep neural networks, a multi-stage system allows the detection and classification of the finest structures in pixel size within high-resolution imagery. Consisting of stacked hybrid convolutional neural networks (SH-CNN) and inspired by current approaches of visual attention, the realized system draws the focus over the level of detail from its structures to more task-relevant areas of interest. The results of our test environment show that the SH-CNN outperforms current approaches of learning-based automated visual inspection, whereas a distinction depending on the level of detail enables the elimination of defect patterns in earlier stages of the manufacturing process. 
### 58.Learning to Learn Words from Narrated Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11237.pdf)
>  When we travel, we often encounter new scenarios we have never experienced before, with new sights and new words that describe them. We can use our language-learning ability to quickly learn these new words and correlate them with the visual world. In contrast, language models often do not robustly generalize to novel words and compositions. We propose a framework that learns how to learn text representations from visual context. Experiments show that our approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art in visual language modeling for acquiring new words and predicting new compositions. Model ablations and visualizations suggest that the visual modality helps our approach more robustly generalize at these tasks. Project webpage is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://expert.cs.columbia.edu/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 59.One Man's Trash is Another Man's Treasure: Resisting Adversarial Examples by Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11219.pdf)
>  Modern image classification systems are often built on deep neural networks, which suffer from adversarial examples--images with deliberately crafted, imperceptible noise to mislead the network's classification. To defend against adversarial examples, a plausible idea is to obfuscate the network's gradient with respect to the input image. This general idea has inspired a long line of defense methods. Yet, almost all of them have proven vulnerable. We revisit this seemingly flawed idea from a radically different perspective. We embrace the omnipresence of adversarial examples and the numerical procedure of crafting them, and turn this harmful attacking process into a useful defense mechanism. Our defense method is conceptually simple: before feeding an input image for classification, transform it by finding an adversarial example on a pre-trained external model. We evaluate our method against a wide range of possible attacks. On both CIFAR-10 and Tiny ImageNet datasets, our method is significantly more robust than state-of-the-art methods. Particularly, in comparison to adversarial training, our method offers lower training cost as well as stronger robustness. 
### 60.Automatic Post-Stroke Lesion Segmentation on MR Images using 3D Residual Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11209.pdf)
>  In this paper, we demonstrate the feasibility and performance of deep residual neural networks for volumetric segmentation of irreversibly damaged brain tissue lesions on T1-weighted MRI scans for chronic stroke patients. A total of 239 T1-weighted MRI scans of chronic ischemic stroke patients from a public dataset were retrospectively analyzed by 3D deep convolutional segmentation models with residual learning, using a novel zoom-in&amp;out strategy. Dice similarity coefficient (DSC), Average symmetric surface distance (ASSD), and Hausdorff distance (HD) of the identified lesions were measured by using the manual tracing of lesions as the reference standard. Bootstrapping was employed for all metrics to estimate 95% confidence intervals. The models were assessed on the test set of 31 scans. The average DSC was 0.64 (0.51-0.76) with a median of 0.78. ASSD and HD were 3.6 mm (1.7-6.2 mm) and 20.4 mm (10.0-33.3 mm), respectively. To the best of our knowledge, this performance is the highest achieved on this public dataset. The latest deep learning architecture and techniques were applied for 3D segmentation on MRI scans and demonstrated to be effective for volumetric segmentation of chronic ischemic stroke lesions. 
### 61.Structured Multi-Hashing for Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.11177.pdf)
>  Despite the success of deep neural networks (DNNs), state-of-the-art models are too large to deploy on low-resource devices or common server configurations in which multiple models are held in memory. Model compression methods address this limitation by reducing the memory footprint, latency, or energy consumption of a model with minimal impact on accuracy. We focus on the task of reducing the number of learnable variables in the model. In this work we combine ideas from weight hashing and dimensionality reductions resulting in a simple and powerful structured multi-hashing method based on matrix products that allows direct control of model size of any deep network and is trained end-to-end. We demonstrate the strength of our approach by compressing models from the ResNet, EfficientNet, and MobileNet architecture families. Our method allows us to drastically decrease the number of variables while maintaining high accuracy. For instance, by applying our approach to EfficentNet-B4 (16M parameters) we reduce it to to the size of B0 (5M parameters), while gaining over 3% in accuracy over B0 baseline. On the commonly used benchmark CIFAR10 we reduce the ResNet32 model by 75% with no loss in quality, and are able to do a 10x compression while still achieving above 90% accuracy. 
### 62.Unsupervised Attention Mechanism across Neural Network Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10658.pdf)
>  Inspired by the adaptation phenomenon of neuronal firing, we propose an unsupervised attention mechanism (UAM) which computes the statistical regularity in the implicit space of neural networks under the Minimum Description Length (MDL) principle. Treating the neural network optimization process as a partially observable model selection problem, UAM constrained the implicit space by a normalization factor, the universal code length. We compute this universal code incrementally across neural network layers and demonstrated the flexibility to include data priors such as top-down attention and other oracle information. Empirically, our approach outperforms existing normalization methods in tackling limited, imbalanced and nonstationary input distribution in computer vision and reinforcement learning tasks. Lastly, UAM tracks dependency and critical learning stages across layers and recurrent time steps of deep networks. 
