# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 4 Nov 2019
### 1.Surface Reconstruction from 3D Line Segments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00451.pdf)
>  In man-made environments such as indoor scenes, when point-based 3D reconstruction fails due to the lack of texture, lines can still be detected and used to support surfaces. We present a novel method for watertight piecewise-planar surface reconstruction from 3D line segments with visibility information. First, planes are extracted by a novel RANSAC approach for line segments that allows multiple shape support. Then, each 3D cell of a plane arrangement is labeled full or empty based on line attachment to planes, visibility and regularization. Experiments show the robustness to sparse input data, noise and outliers. 
### 2.Cali-Sketch: Stroke Calibration and Completion for High-Quality Face Image Generation from Poorly-Drawn Sketches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00426.pdf)
>  Image generation task has received increasing attention because of its wide application in security and entertainment. Sketch-based face generation brings more fun and better quality of image generation due to supervised interaction. However, When a sketch poorly aligned with the true face is given as input, existing supervised image-to-image translation methods often cannot generate acceptable photo-realistic face images. To address this problem, in this paper we propose Cali-Sketch, a poorly-drawn-sketch to photo-realistic-image generation method. Cali-Sketch explicitly models stroke calibration and image generation using two constituent networks: a Stroke Calibration Network (SCN), which calibrates strokes of facial features and enriches facial details while preserving the original intent features; and an Image Synthesis Network (ISN), which translates the calibrated and enriched sketches to photo-realistic face images. In this way, we manage to decouple a difficult cross-domain translation problem into two easier steps. Extensive experiments verify that the face photos generated by Cali-Sketch are both photo-realistic and faithful to the input sketches, compared with state-of-the-art methods 
### 3.Comb Convolution for Efficient Convolutional Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00387.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are inherently suffering from massively redundant computation (FLOPs) due to the dense connection pattern between feature maps and convolution kernels. Recent research has investigated the sparse relationship between channels, however, they ignored the spatial relationship within a channel. In this paper, we present a novel convolutional operator, namely comb convolution, to exploit the intra-channel sparse relationship among neurons. The proposed convolutional operator eliminates nearly 50% of connections by inserting uniform mappings into standard convolutions and removing about half of spatial connections in convolutional layer. Notably, our work is orthogonal and complementary to existing methods that reduce channel-wise redundancy. Thus, it has great potential to further increase efficiency through integrating the comb convolution to existing architectures. Experimental results demonstrate that by simply replacing standard convolutions with comb convolutions on state-of-the-art CNN architectures (e.g., VGGNets, Xception and SE-Net), we can achieve 50% FLOPs reduction while still maintaining the accuracy. 
### 4.Multimodal Video-based Apparent Personality Recognition Using Long Short-Term Memory and Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00381.pdf)
>  Personality computing and affective computing, where the recognition of personality traits is essential, have gained increasing interest and attention in many research areas recently. We propose a novel approach to recognize the Big Five personality traits of people from videos. Personality and emotion affect the speaking style, facial expressions, body movements, and linguistic factors in social contexts, and they are affected by environmental elements. We develop a multimodal system to recognize apparent personality based on various modalities such as the face, environment, audio, and transcription features. We use modality-specific neural networks that learn to recognize the traits independently and we obtain a final prediction of apparent personality with a feature-level fusion of these networks. We employ pre-trained deep convolutional neural networks such as ResNet and VGGish networks to extract high-level features and Long Short-Term Memory networks to integrate temporal information. We train the large model consisting of modality-specific subnetworks using a two-stage training process. We first train the subnetworks separately and then fine-tune the overall model using these trained networks. We evaluate the proposed method using ChaLearn First Impressions V2 challenge dataset. Our approach obtains the best overall "mean accuracy" score, averaged over five personality traits, compared to the state-of-the-art. 
### 5.3D hierarchical optimization for Multi-view depth map coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00376.pdf)
>  Depth data has a widespread use since the popularity of high-resolution 3D sensors. In multi-view sequences, depth information is used to supplement the color data of each view. This article proposes a joint encoding of multiple depth maps with a unique representation. Color and depth images of each view are segmented independently and combined in an optimal Rate-Distortion fashion. The resulting partitions are projected to a reference view where a coherent hierarchy for the multiple views is built. A Rate-Distortionoptimization is applied to obtain the final segmentation choosing nodes of the hierarchy. The consistent segmentation is used to robustly encode depth maps of multiple views obtaining competitive results with HEVC coding standards. Available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11042-017-5409-z" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> 
### 6.Decentralized Distributed PPO: Solving PointGoal Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00357.pdf)
>  We present Decentralized Distributed Proximal Policy Optimization (DD-PPO), a method for distributed reinforcement learning in resource-intensive simulated environments. DD-PPO is distributed (uses multiple machines), decentralized (lacks a centralized server), and synchronous (no computation is ever "stale"), making it conceptually simple and easy to implement. In our experiments on training virtual robots to navigate in Habitat-Sim, DD-PPO exhibits near-linear scaling -- achieving a speedup of 107x on 128 GPUs over a serial implementation. We leverage this scaling to train an agent for 2.5 Billion steps of experience (the equivalent of 80 years of human experience) -- over 6 months of GPU-time training in under 3 days of wall-clock time with 64 GPUs. <br>This massive-scale training not only sets the state of art on Habitat Autonomous Navigation Challenge 2019, but essentially "solves" the task -- near-perfect autonomous navigation in an unseen environment without access to a map, directly from an RGB-D camera and a GPS+Compass sensor. Fortuitously, error vs computation exhibits a power-law-like distribution; thus, 90% of peak performance is obtained relatively early (at 100 million steps) and relatively cheaply (under 1 day with 8 GPUs). Finally, we show that the scene understanding and navigation policies learned can be transferred to other navigation tasks -- the analog of "ImageNet pre-training + task-specific fine-tuning" for embodied AI. Our model outperforms ImageNet pre-trained CNNs on these transfer tasks and can serve as a universal resource (all models + code will be publicly available). 
### 7.Audience measurement using a top-view camera and oriented trajectories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00354.pdf)
>  A crucial aspect for selecting optimal areas for commercial advertising is the probability with which that publicity will be seen. This paper presents a method based on top-view camera measurement, where the probability of viewing is estimated according to the trajectories and movements of the head of the passerby individuals in the area of interest. Using a camera with a depth sensor, the head of the people in the range of view can be detected and modeled. That method allows determining the orientation of the head which is used to estimate the direction of vision. A tracking by detection algorithm is used to compute the trajectory of each user. The attention given at each advertising spot is estimated based on the trajectories and head orientations of the individuals in the area of interest 
### 8.Does deep learning always outperform simple linear regression in optical imaging?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00353.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been extensively applied in many optical imaging applications in recent years. Despite the success, the limitations and drawbacks of deep learning in optical imaging have been seldom investigated. In this work, we show that conventional linear-regression-based methods can outperform the previously proposed deep learning approaches for two black-box optical imaging problems in some extent. Deep learning demonstrates its weakness especially when the number of training samples is small. The advantages and disadvantages of linear-regression-based methods and deep learning are analyzed and compared. Since many optical systems are essentially linear, a deep learning network containing many nonlinearity functions sometimes may not be the most suitable option. 
### 9.Multi-Moments in Time: Learning and Interpreting Models for Multi-Action Video Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00232.pdf)
>  An event happening in the world is often made of different activities and actions that can unfold simultaneously or sequentially within a few seconds. However, most large-scale datasets built to train models for action recognition provide a single label per video clip. Consequently, models can be incorrectly penalized for classifying actions that exist in the videos but are not explicitly labeled and do not learn the full spectrum of information that would be mandatory to more completely comprehend different events and eventually learn causality between them. Towards this goal, we augmented the existing video dataset, Moments in Time (MiT), to include over two million action labels for over one million three second videos. This multi-label dataset introduces novel challenges on how to train and analyze models for multi-action detection. Here, we present baseline results for multi-action recognition using loss functions adapted for long tail multi-label learning and provide improved methods for visualizing and interpreting models trained for multi-label action detection. 
### 10.Rotation Invariant Point Cloud Classification: Where Local Geometry Meets Global Topology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00195.pdf)
>  Point cloud analysis is a basic task in 3D computer vision, which attracts increasing research attention. Most previous works develop experiments on synthetic datasets where the data is well-aligned. However, the data is prone to being unaligned in the real world, which contains SO3 rotations. In this context, most existing works are ineffective due to the sensitivity of coordinate changes. For this reason, we address the issue of rotation by presenting a combination of global and local representations which are invariant to rotation. Moreover, we integrate the combination into a two-branch network where the highly dimensional features are hierarchically extracted. Compared with previous rotation-invariant works, the proposed representations effectively consider both global and local information. Extensive experiments have demonstrated that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on the rotation-augmented version of ModelNet40, ShapeNet, and ScanObjectNN (real-world dataset). 
### 11.Centroid-Based Scene Classification (CBSC): Using Deep Features and Clustering for RGB-D Indoor Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00155.pdf)
>  This paper contributes a novel method for RGB-D indoor scene classification. Recent approaches to this problem focus on developing increasingly complex pipelines that learn correlated features across the RGB and depth modalities. In contrast, this paper presents a simple method that first extracts features for the RGB and depth modalities using Places365-CNN and fine-tuned Places365-CNN on depth data, respectively and then clusters these features to generate a set of centroids representing each scene category from the training data. For classification a scene image is converted to CNN features and the distance of these features to the n closest learned centroids is used to predict the image's category. We evaluate our method on two standard RGB-D indoor scene classification benchmarks: SUNRGB-D and NYU Depth V2 and demonstrate that our proposed classification approach achieves superior performance over the state-of-the-art methods on both datasets. 
### 12.Chirality Nets for Human Pose Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00029.pdf)
>  We propose Chirality Nets, a family of deep nets that is equivariant to the "chirality transform," i.e., the transformation to create a chiral pair. Through parameter sharing, odd and even symmetry, we propose and prove variants of standard building blocks of deep nets that satisfy the equivariance property, including fully connected layers, convolutional layers, batch-normalization, and LSTM/GRU cells. The proposed layers lead to a more data efficient representation and a reduction in computation by exploiting symmetry. We evaluate chirality nets on the task of human pose regression, which naturally exploits the left/right mirroring of the human body. We study three pose regression tasks: 3D pose estimation from video, 2D pose forecasting, and skeleton based activity recognition. Our approach achieves/matches state-of-the-art results, with more significant gains on small datasets and limited-data settings. 
### 13.Explanation by Progressive Exaggeration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00483.pdf)
>  As machine learning methods see greater adoption and implementation in high stakes applications such as medical image diagnosis, the need for model interpretability and explanation has become more critical. Classical approaches that assess feature importance (\eg saliency maps) do not explain how and why a particular region of an image is relevant to the prediction. We propose a method that explains the outcome of a classification black-box by gradually exaggerating the semantic effect of a given class. Given a query input to a classifier, our method produces a progressive set of plausible variations of that query, which gradually changes the posterior probability from its original class to its negation. These counter-factually generated samples preserve features unrelated to the classification decision, such that a user can employ our method as a "tuning knob" to traverse a data manifold while crossing the decision boundary. Our method is model agnostic and only requires the output value and gradient of the predictor with respect to its input. 
### 14.High-dimensional Nonlinear Profile Monitoring based on Deep Probabilistic Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00482.pdf)
>  Wide accessibility of imaging and profile sensors in modern industrial systems created an abundance of high-dimensional sensing variables. This led to a a growing interest in the research of high-dimensional process monitoring. However, most of the approaches in the literature assume the in-control population to lie on a linear manifold with a given basis (i.e., spline, wavelet, kernel, etc) or an unknown basis (i.e., principal component analysis and its variants), which cannot be used to efficiently model profiles with a nonlinear manifold which is common in many real-life cases. We propose deep probabilistic autoencoders as a viable unsupervised learning approach to model such manifolds. To do so, we formulate nonlinear and probabilistic extensions of the monitoring statistics from classical approaches as the expected reconstruction error (ERE) and the KL-divergence (KLD) based monitoring statistics. Through extensive simulation study, we provide insights on why latent-space based statistics are unreliable and why residual-space based ones typically perform much better for deep learning based approaches. Finally, we demonstrate the superiority of deep probabilistic models via both simulation study and a real-life case study involving images of defects from a hot steel rolling process. 
### 15.Protein Fold Family Recognition From Unassigned Residual Dipolar Coupling Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00383.pdf)
>  Despite many advances in computational modeling of protein structures, these methods have not been widely utilized by experimental structural biologists. Two major obstacles are preventing the transition from a purely-experimental to a purely-computational mode of protein structure determination. The first problem is that most computational methods need a large library of computed structures that span a large variety of protein fold families, while structural genomics initiatives have slowed in their ability to provide novel protein folds in recent years. The second problem is an unwillingness to trust computational models that have no experimental backing. In this paper we test a potential solution to these problems that we have called Probability Density Profile Analysis (PDPA) that utilizes unassigned residual dipolar coupling data that are relatively cheap to acquire from NMR experiments. 
### 16.Validation of a deep learning mammography model in a population with low screening rates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00364.pdf)
>  A key promise of AI applications in healthcare is in increasing access to quality medical care in under-served populations and emerging markets. However, deep learning models are often only trained on data from advantaged populations that have the infrastructure and resources required for large-scale data collection. In this paper, we aim to empirically investigate the potential impact of such biases on breast cancer detection in mammograms. We specifically explore how a deep learning algorithm trained on screening mammograms from the US and UK generalizes to mammograms collected at a hospital in China, where screening is not widely implemented. For the evaluation, we use a top-scoring model developed for the Digital Mammography DREAM Challenge. Despite the change in institution and population composition, we find that the model generalizes well, exhibiting similar performance to that achieved in the DREAM Challenge, even when controlling for tumor size. We also illustrate a simple but effective method for filtering predictions based on model variance, which can be particularly useful for deployment in new settings. While there are many components in developing a clinically effective system, these results represent a promising step towards increasing access to life-saving screening mammography in populations where screening rates are currently low. 
### 17.Adaptive Precision Training: Quantify Back Propagation in Neural Networks with Fixed-point Numbers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00361.pdf)
>  Recent emerged quantization technique (i.e., using low bit-width fixed-point data instead of high bit-width floating-point data) has been applied to inference of deep neural networks for fast and efficient execution. However, directly applying quantization in training can cause significant accuracy loss, thus remaining an open challenge. In this paper, we propose a novel training approach, which applies a layer-wise precision-adaptive quantization in deep neural networks. The new training approach leverages our key insight that the degradation of training accuracy is attributed to the dramatic change of data distribution. Therefore, by keeping the data distribution stable through a layer-wise precision-adaptive quantization, we are able to directly train deep neural networks using low bit-width fixed-point data and achieve guaranteed accuracy, without changing hyper parameters. Experimental results on a wide variety of network architectures (e.g., convolution and recurrent networks) and applications (e.g., image classification, object detection, segmentation and machine translation) show that the proposed approach can train these neural networks with negligible accuracy losses (-1.40%~1.3%, 0.02% on average), and speed up training by 252% on a state-of-the-art Intel CPU. 
### 18.Picking groups instead of samples: A close look at Static Pool-based Meta-Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00314.pdf)
>  Active Learning techniques are used to tackle learning problems where obtaining training labels is costly. In this work we use Meta-Active Learning to learn to select a subset of samples from a pool of unsupervised input for further annotation. This scenario is called Static Pool-based Meta- Active Learning. We propose to extend existing approaches by performing the selection in a manner that, unlike previous works, can handle the selection of each sample based on the whole selected subset. 
### 19.Semantic Feature Attention Network for Liver Tumor Segmentation in Large-scale CT database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00282.pdf)
>  Liver tumor segmentation plays an important role in hepatocellular carcinoma diagnosis and surgical planning. In this paper, we propose a novel Semantic Feature Attention Network (SFAN) for liver tumor segmentation from Computed Tomography (CT) volumes, which exploits the impact of both low-level and high-level features. In the SFAN, a Semantic Attention Transmission (SAT) module is designed to select discriminative low-level localization details with the guidance of neighboring high-level semantic information. Furthermore, a Global Context Attention (GCA) module is proposed to effectively fuse the multi-level features with the guidance of global context. Our experiments are based on 2 challenging databases, the public Liver Tumor Segmentation (LiTS) Challenge database and a large-scale in-house clinical database with 912 CT volumes. Experimental results show that our proposed framework can not only achieve the state-of-the-art performance with the Dice per case on liver tumor segmentation in LiTS database, but also outperform some widely used segmentation algorithms in the large-scale clinical database. 
### 20.Privacy-Preserving Machine Learning Using EtC Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00227.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel privacy-preserving machine learning scheme with encrypted images, called EtC (Encryption-then-Compression) images. Using machine learning algorithms in cloud environments has been spreading in many fields. However, there are serious issues with it for end users, due to semi-trusted cloud providers. Accordingly, we propose using EtC images, which have been proposed for EtC systems with JPEG compression. In this paper, a novel property of EtC images is considered under the use of z-score normalization. It is demonstrated that the use of EtC images allows us not only to protect visual information of images, but also to preserve both the Euclidean distance and the inner product between vectors. In addition, dimensionality reduction is shown to can be applied to EtC images for fast and accurate matching. In an experiment, the proposed scheme is applied to a facial recognition algorithm with classifiers for confirming the effectiveness of the scheme under the use of support vector machine (SVM) with the kernel trick. 
### 21.Low-Rank HOCA: Efficient High-Order Cross-Modal Attention for Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00212.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the challenging task of video captioning which aims to generate descriptions for video data. Recently, the attention-based encoder-decoder structures have been widely used in video captioning. In existing literature, the attention weights are often built from the information of an individual modality, while, the association relationships between multiple modalities are neglected. Motivated by this observation, we propose a video captioning model with High-Order Cross-Modal Attention (HOCA) where the attention weights are calculated based on the high-order correlation tensor to capture the frame-level cross-modal interaction of different modalities sufficiently. Furthermore, we novelly introduce Low-Rank HOCA which adopts tensor decomposition to reduce the extremely large space requirement of HOCA, leading to a practical and efficient implementation in real-world applications. Experimental results on two benchmark datasets, MSVD and MSR-VTT, show that Low-rank HOCA establishes a new state-of-the-art. 
### 22.Learning-based Real-time Detection of Intrinsic Reflectional Symmetry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00189.pdf)
>  Reflectional symmetry is ubiquitous in nature. While extrinsic reflectional symmetry can be easily parametrized and detected, intrinsic symmetry is much harder due to the high solution space. Previous works usually solve this problem by voting or sampling, which suffer from high computational cost and randomness. In this paper, we propose \YL{a} learning-based approach to intrinsic reflectional symmetry detection. Instead of directly finding symmetric point pairs, we parametrize this self-isometry using a functional map matrix, which can be easily computed given the signs of Laplacian eigenfunctions under the symmetric mapping. Therefore, we train a novel deep neural network to predict the sign of each eigenfunction under symmetry, which in addition takes the first few eigenfunctions as intrinsic features to characterize the mesh while avoiding coping with the connectivity explicitly. Our network aims at learning the global property of functions, and consequently converts the problem defined on the manifold to the functional domain. By disentangling the prediction of the matrix into separated basis, our method generalizes well to new shapes and is invariant under perturbation of eigenfunctions. Through extensive experiments, we demonstrate the robustness of our method in challenging cases, including different topology and incomplete shapes with holes. By avoiding random sampling, our learning-based algorithm is over 100 times faster than state-of-the-art methods, and meanwhile, is more robust, achieving higher correspondence accuracy in commonly used metrics. 
### 23.Predicting the Politics of an Image Using Webly Supervised Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00147.pdf)
>  The news media shape public opinion, and often, the visual bias they contain is evident for human observers. This bias can be inferred from how different media sources portray different subjects or topics. In this paper, we model visual political bias in contemporary media sources at scale, using webly supervised data. We collect a dataset of over one million unique images and associated news articles from left- and right-leaning news sources, and develop a method to predict the image's political leaning. This problem is particularly challenging because of the enormous intra-class visual and semantic diversity of our data. We propose a two-stage method to tackle this problem. In the first stage, the model is forced to learn relevant visual concepts that, when joined with document embeddings computed from articles paired with the images, enable the model to predict bias. In the second stage, we remove the requirement of the text domain and train a visual classifier from the features of the former model. We show this two-stage approach facilitates learning and outperforms several strong baselines. We also present extensive qualitative results demonstrating the nuances of the data. 
### 24.Multivariate Medians for Image and Shape Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00143.pdf)
>  Having been studied since long by statisticians, multivariate median concepts found their way into the image processing literature in the course of the last decades, being used to construct robust and efficient denoising filters for multivariate images such as colour images but also matrix-valued images. Based on the similarities between image and geometric data as results of the sampling of continuous physical quantities, it can be expected that the understanding of multivariate median filters for images provides a starting point for the development of shape processing techniques. This paper presents an overview of multivariate median concepts relevant for image and shape processing. It focusses on their mathematical principles and discusses important properties especially in the context of image processing. 
### 25.Modified U-Net (mU-Net) with Incorporation of Object-Dependent High Level Features for Improved Liver and Liver-Tumor Segmentation in CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00140.pdf)
>  Segmentation of livers and liver tumors is one of the most important steps in radiation therapy of hepatocellular carcinoma. The segmentation task is often done manually, making it tedious, labor intensive, and subject to intra-/inter- operator variations. While various algorithms for delineating organ-at-risks (OARs) and tumor targets have been proposed, automatic segmentation of livers and liver tumors remains intractable due to their low tissue contrast with respect to the surrounding organs and their deformable shape in CT images. The U-Net has gained increasing popularity recently for image analysis tasks and has shown promising results. Conventional U-Net architectures, however, suffer from three major drawbacks. To cope with these problems, we added a residual path with deconvolution and activation operations to the skip connection of the U-Net to avoid duplication of low resolution information of features. In the case of small object inputs, features in the skip connection are not incorporated with features in the residual path. Furthermore, the proposed architecture has additional convolution layers in the skip connection in order to extract high level global features of small object inputs as well as high level features of high resolution edge information of large object inputs. Efficacy of the modified U-Net (mU-Net) was demonstrated using the public dataset of Liver tumor segmentation (LiTS) challenge 2017. The proposed mU-Net outperformed existing state-of-art networks. 
### 26.Automatic Prostate Zonal Segmentation Using Fully Convolutional Network with Feature Pyramid Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00127.pdf)
>  Our main objective is to develop a novel deep learning-based algorithm for automatic segmentation of prostate zone and to evaluate the proposed algorithm on an additional independent testing data in comparison with inter-reader consistency between two experts. With IRB approval and HIPAA compliance, we designed a novel convolutional neural network (CNN) for automatic segmentation of the prostatic transition zone (TZ) and peripheral zone (PZ) on T2-weighted (T2w) MRI. The total study cohort included 359 patients from two sources; 313 from a deidentified publicly available dataset (SPIE-AAPM-NCI PROSTATEX challenge) and 46 from a large U.S. tertiary referral center with 3T MRI (external testing dataset (ETD)). The TZ and PZ contours were manually annotated by research fellows, supervised by genitourinary (GU) radiologists. The model was developed using 250 patients and tested internally using the remaining 63 patients from the PROSTATEX (internal testing dataset (ITD)) and tested again (n=46) externally using the ETD. The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) was used to evaluate the segmentation performance. DSCs for PZ and TZ were 0.74 and 0.86 in the ITD respectively. In the ETD, DSCs for PZ and TZ were 0.74 and 0.792, respectively. The inter-reader consistency (Expert 2 vs. Expert 1) were 0.71 (PZ) and 0.75 (TZ). This novel DL algorithm enabled automatic segmentation of PZ and TZ with high accuracy on both ITD and ETD without a performance difference for PZ and less than 10% TZ difference. In the ETD, the proposed method can be comparable to experts in the segmentation of prostate zones. 
### 27.Towards calibrated and scalable uncertainty representations for neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00104.pdf)
>  For many applications it is critical to know the uncertainty of a neural network's predictions. While a variety of neural network parameter estimation methods have been proposed for uncertainty estimation, they have not been rigorously compared across uncertainty measures. We assess four of these parameter estimation methods to calibrate uncertainty estimation using four different uncertainty measures: entropy, mutual information, aleatoric uncertainty and epistemic uncertainty. We also evaluate their calibration using expected calibration error. We additionally propose a novel method of neural network parameter estimation called RECAST, which combines cosine annealing with warm restarts with Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics, capturing more diverse parameter distributions. When benchmarked against mutilated data from MNIST, we show that RECAST is well-calibrated and when combined with predictive entropy and epistemic uncertainty it offers the best calibrated measure of uncertainty when compared to recent methods. 
### 28.Text-to-image synthesis method evaluation based on visual patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00077.pdf)
>  A commonly used evaluation metric for text-to-image synthesis is the Inception score (IS) \cite{inceptionscore}, which has been shown to be a quality metric that correlates well with human judgment. However, IS does not reveal properties of the generated images indicating the ability of a text-to-image synthesis method to correctly convey semantics of the input text descriptions. In this paper, we introduce an evaluation metric and a visual evaluation method allowing for the simultaneous estimation of the realism, variety and semantic accuracy of generated images. The proposed method uses a pre-trained Inception network \cite{inceptionnet} to produce high dimensional representations for both real and generated images. These image representations are then visualized in a $2$-dimensional feature space defined by the t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE) \cite{tsne}. Visual concepts are determined by clustering the real image representations, and are subsequently used to evaluate the similarity of the generated images to the real ones by classifying them to the closest visual concept. The resulting classification accuracy is shown to be a effective gauge for the semantic accuracy of text-to-image synthesis methods. 
### 29.SignCol: Open-Source Software for Collecting Sign Language Gestures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00071.pdf)
>  Sign(ed) languages use gestures, such as hand or head movements, for communication. Sign language recognition is an assistive technology for individuals with hearing disability and its goal is to improve such individuals' life quality by facilitating their social involvement. Since sign languages are vastly varied in alphabets, as known as signs, a sign recognition software should be capable of handling eight different types of sign combinations, e.g. numbers, letters, words and sentences. Due to the intrinsic complexity and diversity of symbolic gestures, recognition algorithms need a comprehensive visual dataset to learn by. In this paper, we describe the design and implementation of a Microsoft Kinect-based open source software, called SignCol, for capturing and saving the gestures used in sign languages. Our work supports a multi-language database and reports the recorded items statistics. SignCol can capture and store colored(RGB) frames, depth frames, infrared frames, body index frames, coordinate mapped color-body frames, skeleton information of each frame and camera parameters simultaneously. 
### 30.Deep learning assessment of breast terminal duct lobular unit involution: towards automated prediction of breast cancer risk  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00036.pdf)
>  Terminal ductal lobular unit (TDLU) involution is the regression of milk-producing structures in the breast. Women with less TDLU involution are more likely to develop breast cancer. A major bottleneck in studying TDLU involution in large cohort studies is the need for labor-intensive manual assessment of TDLUs. We developed a computational pathology solution to automatically capture TDLU involution measures. Whole slide images (WSIs) of benign breast biopsies were obtained from the Nurses' Health Study (NHS). A first set of 92 WSIs was annotated for TDLUs, acini and adipose tissue to train deep convolutional neural network (CNN) models for detection of acini, and segmentation of TDLUs and adipose tissue. These networks were integrated into a single computational method to capture TDLU involution measures including number of TDLUs per tissue area, median TDLU span and median number of acini per TDLU. We validated our method on 40 additional WSIs by comparing with manually acquired measures. Our CNN models detected acini with an F1 score of 0.73$\pm$0.09, and segmented TDLUs and adipose tissue with Dice scores of 0.86$\pm$0.11 and 0.86$\pm$0.04, respectively. The inter-observer ICC scores for manual assessments on 40 WSIs of number of TDLUs per tissue area, median TDLU span, and median acini count per TDLU were 0.71, 95% CI [0.51, 0.83], 0.81, 95% CI [0.67, 0.90], and 0.73, 95% CI [0.54, 0.85], respectively. Intra-observer reliability was evaluated on 10/40 WSIs with ICC scores of &gt;0.8. Inter-observer ICC scores between automated results and the mean of the two observers were: 0.80, 95% CI [0.63, 0.90] for number of TDLUs per tissue area, 0.57, 95% CI [0.19, 0.77] for median TDLU span, and 0.80, 95% CI [0.62, 0.89] for median acini count per TDLU. TDLU involution measures evaluated by manual and automated assessment were inversely associated with age and menopausal status. 
### 31.PIC: Permutation Invariant Critic for Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00025.pdf)
>  Sample efficiency and scalability to a large number of agents are two important goals for multi-agent reinforcement learning systems. Recent works got us closer to those goals, addressing non-stationarity of the environment from a single agent's perspective by utilizing a deep net critic which depends on all observations and actions. The critic input concatenates agent observations and actions in a user-specified order. However, since deep nets aren't permutation invariant, a permuted input changes the critic output despite the environment remaining identical. To avoid this inefficiency, we propose a 'permutation invariant critic' (PIC), which yields identical output irrespective of the agent permutation. This consistent representation enables our model to scale to 30 times more agents and to achieve improvements of test episode reward between 15% to 50% on the challenging multi-agent particle environment (MPE). 
### 32.MGBPv2: Scaling Up Multi-Grid Back-Projection Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12983.pdf)
>  Here, we describe our solution for the AIM-2019 Extreme Super-Resolution Challenge, where we won the 1st place in terms of perceptual quality (MOS) similar to the ground truth and achieved the 5th place in terms of high-fidelity (PSNR). To tackle this challenge, we introduce the second generation of MultiGrid BackProjection networks (MGBPv2) whose major modifications make the system scalable and more general than its predecessor. It combines the scalability of the multigrid algorithm and the performance of iterative backprojections. In its original form, MGBP is limited to a small number of parameters due to a strongly recursive structure. In MGBPv2, we make full use of the multigrid recursion from the beginning of the network; we allow different parameters in every module of the network; we simplify the main modules; and finally, we allow adjustments of the number of network features based on the scale of operation. For inference tasks, we introduce an overlapping patch approach to further allow processing of very large images (e.g. 8K). Our training strategies make use of a multiscale loss, combining distortion and/or perception losses on the output as well as downscaled output images. The final system can balance between high quality and high performance. 
