# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 6 Nov 2019
### 1.Dancing to Music  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.02001.pdf)
>  Dancing to music is an instinctive move by humans. Learning to model the music-to-dance generation process is, however, a challenging problem. It requires significant efforts to measure the correlation between music and dance as one needs to simultaneously consider multiple aspects, such as style and beat of both music and dance. Additionally, dance is inherently multimodal and various following movements of a pose at any moment are equally likely. In this paper, we propose a synthesis-by-analysis learning framework to generate dance from music. In the analysis phase, we decompose a dance into a series of basic dance units, through which the model learns how to move. In the synthesis phase, the model learns how to compose a dance by organizing multiple basic dancing movements seamlessly according to the input music. Experimental qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate that the proposed method can synthesize realistic, diverse,style-consistent, and beat-matching dances from music. 
### 2.BlenderProc  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01911.pdf)
>  BlenderProc is a modular procedural pipeline, which helps in generating real looking images for the training of convolutional neural networks. These can be used in a variety of use cases including segmentation, depth, normal and pose estimation and many others. A key feature of our extension of blender is the simple to use modular pipeline, which was designed to be easily extendable. By offering standard modules, which cover a variety of scenarios, we provide a starting point on which new modules can be created. 
### 3.Video Captioning with Text-based Dynamic Attention and Step-by-Step Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01857.pdf)
>  Automatically describing video content with natural language has been attracting much attention in CV and NLP communities. Most existing methods predict one word at a time, and by feeding the last generated word back as input at the next time, while the other generated words are not fully exploited. Furthermore, traditional methods optimize the model using all the training samples in each epoch without considering their learning situations, which leads to a lot of unnecessary training and can not target the difficult samples. To address these issues, we propose a text-based dynamic attention model named TDAM, which imposes a dynamic attention mechanism on all the generated words with the motivation to improve the context semantic information and enhance the overall control of the whole sentence. Moreover, the text-based dynamic attention mechanism and the visual attention mechanism are linked together to focus on the important words. They can benefit from each other during training. Accordingly, the model is trained through two steps: "starting from scratch" and "checking for gaps". The former uses all the samples to optimize the model, while the latter only trains for samples with poor control. Experimental results on the popular datasets MSVD and MSR-VTT demonstrate that our non-ensemble model outperforms the state-of-the-art video captioning benchmarks. 
### 4.Deep Flow Collaborative Network for Online Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01786.pdf)
>  The deep learning-based visual tracking algorithms such as MDNet achieve high performance leveraging to the feature extraction ability of a deep neural network. However, the tracking efficiency of these trackers is not very high due to the slow feature extraction for each frame in a video. In this paper, we propose an effective tracking algorithm to alleviate the time-consuming problem. Specifically, we design a deep flow collaborative network, which executes the expensive feature network only on sparse keyframes and transfers the feature maps to other frames via optical flow. Moreover, we raise an effective adaptive keyframe scheduling mechanism to select the most appropriate keyframe. We evaluate the proposed approach on large-scale datasets: OTB2013 and OTB2015. The experiment results show that our algorithm achieves considerable speedup and high precision as well. 
### 5.Detecting and Tracking Small Moving Objects in Wide Area Motion Imagery (WAMI) Using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01727.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an approach to detect moving objects in Wide Area Motion Imagery (WAMI), in which the objects are both small and well separated. Identifying the objects only using foreground appearance is difficult since a $100-$pixel vehicle is hard to distinguish from objects comprising the background. Our approach is based on background subtraction as an efficient and unsupervised method that is able to output the shape of objects. In order to reliably detect low contrast and small objects, we configure the background subtraction to extract foreground regions that might be objects of interest. While this dramatically increases the number of false alarms, a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) considering both spatial and temporal information is then trained to reject the false alarms. In areas with heavy traffic, the background subtraction yields merged detections. To reduce the complexity of multi-target tracker needed, we train another CNN to predict the positions of multiple moving objects in an area. Our approach shows competitive detection performance on smaller objects relative to the state-of-the-art. We adopt a GM-PHD filter to associate detections over time and analyse the resulting performance. 
### 6.Optimizing the Dice Score and Jaccard Index for Medical Image Segmentation: Theory &amp; Practice  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01685.pdf)
>  The Dice score and Jaccard index are commonly used metrics for the evaluation of segmentation tasks in medical imaging. Convolutional neural networks trained for image segmentation tasks are usually optimized for (weighted) cross-entropy. This introduces an adverse discrepancy between the learning optimization objective (the loss) and the end target metric. Recent works in computer vision have proposed soft surrogates to alleviate this discrepancy and directly optimize the desired metric, either through relaxations (soft-Dice, soft-Jaccard) or submodular optimization (Lovász-softmax). The aim of this study is two-fold. First, we investigate the theoretical differences in a risk minimization framework and question the existence of a weighted cross-entropy loss with weights theoretically optimized to surrogate Dice or Jaccard. Second, we empirically investigate the behavior of the aforementioned loss functions w.r.t. evaluation with Dice score and Jaccard index on five medical segmentation tasks. Through the application of relative approximation bounds, we show that all surrogates are equivalent up to a multiplicative factor, and that no optimal weighting of cross-entropy exists to approximate Dice or Jaccard measures. We validate these findings empirically and show that, while it is important to opt for one of the target metric surrogates rather than a cross-entropy-based loss, the choice of the surrogate does not make a statistical difference on a wide range of medical segmentation tasks. 
### 7.Congestion Analysis of Convolutional Neural Network-Based Pedestrian Counting Methods on Helicopter Footage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01672.pdf)
>  Over the past few years, researchers have presented many different applications for convolutional neural networks, including those for the detection and recognition of objects from images. The desire to understand our own nature has always been an important motivation for research. Thus, the visual recognition of humans is among the most important issues facing machine learning today. Most solutions for this task have been developed and tested by using several publicly available datasets. These datasets typically contain images taken from street-level closed-circuit television cameras offering a low-angle view. There are major differences between such images and those taken from the sky. In addition, aerial images are often very congested, containing hundreds of targets. These factors may have significant impact on the quality of the results. In this paper, we investigate state-of-the-art methods for counting pedestrians and the related performance of aerial footage. Furthermore, we analyze this performance with respect to the congestion levels of the images. 
### 8.ROI Pooled Correlation Filters for Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01668.pdf)
>  The ROI (region-of-interest) based pooling method performs pooling operations on the cropped ROI regions for various samples and has shown great success in the object detection methods. It compresses the model size while preserving the localization accuracy, thus it is useful in the visual tracking field. Though being effective, the ROI-based pooling operation is not yet considered in the correlation filter formula. In this paper, we propose a novel ROI pooled correlation filter (RPCF) algorithm for robust visual tracking. Through mathematical derivations, we show that the ROI-based pooling can be equivalently achieved by enforcing additional constraints on the learned filter weights, which makes the ROI-based pooling feasible on the virtual circular samples. Besides, we develop an efficient joint training formula for the proposed correlation filter algorithm, and derive the Fourier solvers for efficient model training. Finally, we evaluate our RPCF tracker on OTB-2013, OTB-2015 and VOT-2017 benchmark datasets. Experimental results show that our tracker performs favourably against other state-of-the-art trackers. 
### 9.Adaptive Context Network for Scene Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01664.pdf)
>  Recent works attempt to improve scene parsing performance by exploring different levels of contexts, and typically train a well-designed convolutional network to exploit useful contexts across all pixels equally. However, in this paper, we find that the context demands are varying from different pixels or regions in each image. Based on this observation, we propose an Adaptive Context Network (ACNet) to capture the pixel-aware contexts by a competitive fusion of global context and local context according to different per-pixel demands. Specifically, when given a pixel, the global context demand is measured by the similarity between the global feature and its local feature, whose reverse value can be used to measure the local context demand. We model the two demand measurements by the proposed global context module and local context module, respectively, to generate adaptive contextual features. Furthermore, we import multiple such modules to build several adaptive context blocks in different levels of network to obtain a coarse-to-fine result. Finally, comprehensive experimental evaluations demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed ACNet, and new state-of-the-arts performances are achieved on all four public datasets, i.e. Cityscapes, ADE20K, PASCAL Context, and COCO Stuff. 
### 10.High Fidelity Video Prediction with Large Stochastic Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01655.pdf)
>  Predicting future video frames is extremely challenging, as there are many factors of variation that make up the dynamics of how frames change through time. Previously proposed solutions require complex inductive biases inside network architectures with highly specialized computation, including segmentation masks, optical flow, and foreground and background separation. In this work, we question if such handcrafted architectures are necessary and instead propose a different approach: finding minimal inductive bias for video prediction while maximizing network capacity. We investigate this question by performing the first large-scale empirical study and demonstrate state-of-the-art performance by learning large models on three different datasets: one for modeling object interactions, one for modeling human motion, and one for modeling car driving. 
### 11.A Deep Gradient Boosting Network for Optic Disc and Cup Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01648.pdf)
>  Segmentation of optic disc (OD) and optic cup (OC) is critical in automated fundus image analysis system. Existing state-of-the-arts focus on designing deep neural networks with one or multiple dense prediction branches. Such kind of designs ignore connections among prediction branches and their learning capacity is limited. To build connections among prediction branches, this paper introduces gradient boosting framework to deep classification model and proposes a gradient boosting network called BoostNet. Specifically, deformable side-output unit and aggregation unit with deep supervisions are proposed to learn base functions and expansion coefficients in gradient boosting framework. By stacking aggregation units in a deep-to-shallow manner, models' performances are gradually boosted along deep to shallow stages. BoostNet achieves superior results to existing deep OD and OC segmentation networks on the public dataset ORIGA. 
### 12.Improving Long Handwritten Text Line Recognition with Convolutional Multi-way Associative Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01577.pdf)
>  Convolutional Recurrent Neural Networks (CRNNs) excel at scene text recognition. Unfortunately, they are likely to suffer from vanishing/exploding gradient problems when processing long text images, which are commonly found in scanned documents. This poses a major challenge to goal of completely solving Optical Character Recognition (OCR) problem. Inspired by recently proposed memory-augmented neural networks (MANNs) for long-term sequential modeling, we present a new architecture dubbed Convolutional Multi-way Associative Memory (CMAM) to tackle the limitation of current CRNNs. By leveraging recent memory accessing mechanisms in MANNs, our architecture demonstrates superior performance against other CRNN counterparts in three real-world long text OCR datasets. 
### 13.SAMM Long Videos: A Spontaneous Facial Micro- and Macro-Expressions Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01519.pdf)
>  With the growth of popularity of facial microexpressions in recent years, the demand for long videos with micro- and macro-expressions is increasing. Extended from SAMM, a micro-expressions dataset released in 2016, this short report presents SAMM Long Videos dataset for spontaneous micro- and macro-expressions recognition and spotting. SAMM Long Videos dataset consists of 147 long videos with 343 macro-expressions and 159 micro-expressions. The dataset isFACS-coded with detailed Action Units (AUs). We compareour dataset with the Chinese Academy of Sciences MacroExpressions and Micro-Expressions (CAS(ME)2) dataset, which is the only available fully annotated dataset with micro- and macro-expressions. Further, we preprocess the long videos using OpenFace, which includes face alignment and detection of facial movements based on the AUs. We will release the long videos for the next micro-expressions, and macro-expressions spotting challenge and future research uses. 
### 14.Minimal Solvers for Rectifying from Radially-Distorted Conjugate Translations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01507.pdf)
>  This paper introduces minimal solvers that jointly solve for affine-rectification and radial lens undistortion from the image of translated and reflected coplanar features. The proposed solvers use the invariant that the affine-rectified image of the meet of the joins of radially-distorted conjugately-translated point correspondences is on the line at infinity. The hidden-variable trick from algebraic geometry is used to reformulate and simplify the constraints so that the generated solvers are stable, small and fast. Multiple solvers are proposed to accommodate various local feature types and sampling strategies, and, remarkably, three of the proposed solvers can recover rectification and lens undistortion from only one radially-distorted conjugately-translated affine-covariant region correspondence. Synthetic and real-image experiments confirm that the proposed solvers demonstrate superior robustness to noise compared to the state of the art. Accurate rectifications on imagery taken with narrow to fisheye field-of-view lenses demonstrate the wide applicability of the proposed method. The method is fully automatic. 
### 15.Bipolar Morphological Neural Networks: Convolution Without Multiplication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01971.pdf)
>  In the paper we introduce a novel bipolar morphological neuron and bipolar morphological layer models. The models use only such operations as addition, subtraction and maximum inside the neuron and exponent and logarithm as activation functions for the layer. The proposed models unlike previously introduced morphological neural networks approximate the classical computations and show better recognition results. We also propose layer-by-layer approach to train the bipolar morphological networks, which can be further developed to an incremental approach for separate neurons to get higher accuracy. Both these approaches do not require special training algorithms and can use a variety of gradient descent methods. To demonstrate efficiency of the proposed model we consider classical convolutional neural networks and convert the pre-trained convolutional layers to the bipolar morphological layers. Seeing that the experiments on recognition of MNIST and MRZ symbols show only moderate decrease of accuracy after conversion and training, bipolar neuron model can provide faster inference and be very useful in mobile and embedded systems. 
### 16.Scalable Variational Gaussian Processes for Crowdsourcing: Glitch Detection in LIGO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01915.pdf)
>  In the last years, crowdsourcing is transforming the way classification training sets are obtained. Instead of relying on a single expert annotator, crowdsourcing shares the labelling effort among a large number of collaborators. For instance, this is being applied to the data acquired by the laureate Laser Interferometer Gravitational Waves Observatory (LIGO), in order to detect glitches which might hinder the identification of true gravitational-waves. The crowdsourcing scenario poses new challenging difficulties, as it deals with different opinions from a heterogeneous group of annotators with unknown degrees of expertise. Probabilistic methods, such as Gaussian Processes (GP), have proven successful in modeling this setting. However, GPs do not scale well to large data sets, which hampers their broad adoption in real practice (in particular at LIGO). This has led to the recent introduction of deep learning based crowdsourcing methods, which have become the state-of-the-art. However, the accurate uncertainty quantification of GPs has been partially sacrificed. This is an important aspect for astrophysicists in LIGO, since a glitch detection system should provide very accurate probability distributions of its predictions. In this work, we leverage the most popular sparse GP approximation to develop a novel GP based crowdsourcing method that factorizes into mini-batches. This makes it able to cope with previously-prohibitive data sets. The approach, which we refer to as Scalable Variational Gaussian Processes for Crowdsourcing (SVGPCR), brings back GP-based methods to the state-of-the-art, and excels at uncertainty quantification. SVGPCR is shown to outperform deep learning based methods and previous probabilistic approaches when applied to the LIGO data. Moreover, its behavior and main properties are carefully analyzed in a controlled experiment based on the MNIST data set. 
### 17.3D Deformable Convolutions for MRI classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01898.pdf)
>  Deep learning convolutional neural networks have proved to be a powerful tool for MRI analysis. In current work, we explore the potential of the deformable convolutional deep neural network layers for MRI data classification. We propose new 3D deformable convolutions(d-convolutions), implement them in VoxResNet architecture and apply for structural MRI data classification. We show that 3D d-convolutions outperform standard ones and are effective for unprocessed 3D MR images being robust to particular geometrical properties of the data. Firstly proposed dVoxResNet architecture exhibits high potential for the use in MRI data classification. 
### 18.Detection of vertebral fractures in CT using 3D Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01816.pdf)
>  Osteoporosis induced fractures occur worldwide about every 3 seconds. Vertebral compression fractures are early signs of the disease and considered risk predictors for secondary osteoporotic fractures. We present a detection method to opportunistically screen spine-containing CT images for the presence of these vertebral fractures. Inspired by radiology practice, existing methods are based on 2D and 2.5D features but we present, to the best of our knowledge, the first method for detecting vertebral fractures in CT using automatically learned 3D feature maps. The presented method explicitly localizes these fractures allowing radiologists to interpret its results. We train a voxel-classification 3D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with a training database of 90 cases that has been semi-automatically generated using radiologist readings that are readily available in clinical practice. Our 3D method produces an Area Under the Curve (AUC) of 95% for patient-level fracture detection and an AUC of 93% for vertebra-level fracture detection in a five-fold cross-validation experiment. 
### 19.Visual Privacy Protection via Mapping Distortion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01769.pdf)
>  Data privacy protection is an important research area, which is especially critical in this big data era. To a large extent, the privacy of visual classification tasks is mainly in the one-to-one mapping between image and its corresponding label, since this relation provides a great amount of information and can be used in other scenarios. In this paper, we propose Mapping Distortion Protection (MDP) and its augmentation-based extension (AugMDP) to protect the data privacy by modifying the original dataset. In MDP, the label of the modified image does not match the ground-truth mapping, yet DNNs can still learn the ground-truth relation even when the provided mapping is distorted. As such, this method protects privacy when the dataset is leaked. Extensive experiments are conducted on CIFAR-10 and restricted CASIA-WebFace dataset, which verifies the effectiveness and feasibility of the method. 
### 20.Weakly Supervised Fine Tuning Approach for Brain Tumor Segmentation Problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01738.pdf)
>  Segmentation of tumors in brain MRI images is a challenging task, where most recent methods demand large volumes of data with pixel-level annotations, which are generally costly to obtain. In contrast, image-level annotations, where only the presence of lesion is marked, are generally cheap, generated in far larger volumes compared to pixel-level labels, and contain less labeling noise. In the context of brain tumor segmentation, both pixel-level and image-level annotations are commonly available; thus, a natural question arises whether a segmentation procedure could take advantage of both. In the present work we: 1) propose a learning-based framework that allows simultaneous usage of both pixel- and image-level annotations in MRI images to learn a segmentation model for brain tumor; 2) study the influence of comparative amounts of pixel- and image-level annotations on the quality of brain tumor segmentation; 3) compare our approach to the traditional fully-supervised approach and show that the performance of our method in terms of segmentation quality may be competitive. 
### 21.LACI: Low-effort Automatic Calibration of Infrastructure Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01711.pdf)
>  Sensor calibration usually is a time consuming yet important task. While classical approaches are sensor-specific and often need calibration targets as well as a widely overlapping field of view (FOV), within this work, a cooperative intelligent vehicle is used as callibration target. The vehicleis detected in the sensor frame and then matched with the information received from the cooperative awareness messagessend by the coperative intelligent vehicle. The presented algorithm is fully automated as well as sensor-independent, relying only on a very common set of assumptions. Due to the direct registration on the world frame, no overlapping FOV is necessary. The algorithm is evaluated through experiment for four laserscanners as well as one pair of stereo cameras showing a repetition error within the measurement uncertainty of the sensors. A plausibility check rules out systematic errors that might not have been covered by evaluating the repetition error. 
### 22.DocParser: Hierarchical Structure Parsing of Document Renderings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01702.pdf)
>  Translating document renderings (e.g. PDFs, scans) into hierarchical structures is extensively demanded in the daily routines of many real-world applications, and is often a prerequisite step of many downstream NLP tasks. Earlier attempts focused on different but simpler tasks such as the detection of table or cell locations within documents; however, a holistic, principled approach to inferring the complete hierarchical structure in documents is missing. As a remedy, we developed "DocParser": an end-to-end system for parsing the complete document structure - including all text elements, figures, tables, and table cell structures. To the best of our knowledge, DocParser is the first system that derives the full hierarchical document compositions. Given the complexity of the task, annotating appropriate datasets is costly. Therefore, our second contribution is to provide a dataset for evaluating hierarchical document structure parsing. Our third contribution is to propose a scalable learning framework for settings where domain-specific data is scarce, which we address by a novel approach to weak supervision. Our computational experiments confirm the effectiveness of our proposed weak supervision: Compared to the baseline without weak supervision, it improves the mean average precision for detecting document entities by 37.1%. When classifying hierarchical relations between entity pairs, it improves the F1 score by 27.6%. 
### 23.Spatial Sparse subspace clustering for Compressive Spectral imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01671.pdf)
>  This paper aims at developing a clustering approach with spectral images directly from CASSI compressive measurements. The proposed clustering method first assumes that compressed measurements lie in the union of multiple low-dimensional subspaces. Therefore, sparse subspace clustering (SSC) is an unsupervised method that assigns compressed measurements to their respective subspaces. In addition, a 3D spatial regularizer is added into the SSC problem, thus taking full advantages of the spatial information contained in spectral images. The performance of the proposed spectral image clustering approach is improved by taking optimal CASSI measurements obtained when optimal coded apertures are used in CASSI system. Simulation with one real dataset illustrates the accuracy of the proposed spectral image clustering approach. 
### 24.Closing the Reality Gap with Unsupervised Sim-to-Real Image Translation for Semantic Segmentation in Robot Soccer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01529.pdf)
>  Deep learning approaches have become the standard solution to many problems in computer vision and robotics, but obtaining proper and sufficient training data is often a problem, as human labor is often error prone, time consuming and expensive. Solutions based on simulation have become more popular in recent years, but the gap between simulation and reality is still a major issue. In this paper, we introduce a novel model for augmenting synthetic image data through unsupervised image-to-image translation by applying the style of real world images to simulated images with open source frameworks. This model intends to generate the training data as a separate step and not as part of the training. The generated dataset is combined with conventional augmentation methods and is then applied to a neural network capable of running in real-time on autonomous soccer robots. Our evaluation shows a significant improvement compared to networks trained on simulated images without this kind of augmentation. 
### 25.Evolution-based Fine-tuning of CNNs for Prostate Cancer Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01477.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been used for automated detection of prostate cancer where Area Under Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) is usually used as the performance metric. Given that AUC is not differentiable, common practice is to train the CNN using a loss functions based on other performance metrics such as cross entropy and monitoring AUC to select the best model. In this work, we propose to fine-tune a trained CNN for prostate cancer detection using a Genetic Algorithm to achieve a higher AUC. Our dataset contained 6-channel Diffusion-Weighted MRI slices of prostate. On a cohort of 2,955 training, 1,417 validation, and 1,334 test slices, we reached test AUC of 0.773; a 9.3% improvement compared to the base CNN model. 
### 26.VASTA: A Vision and Language-assisted Smartphone Task Automation System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01474.pdf)
>  We present VASTA, a novel vision and language-assisted Programming By Demonstration (PBD) system for smartphone task automation. Development of a robust PBD automation system requires overcoming three key challenges: first, how to make a particular demonstration robust to positional and visual changes in the user interface (UI) elements; secondly, how to recognize changes in the automation parameters to make the demonstration as generalizable as possible; and thirdly, how to recognize from the user utterance what automation the user wishes to carry out. To address the first challenge, VASTA leverages state-of-the-art computer vision techniques, including object detection and optical character recognition, to accurately label interactions demonstrated by a user, without relying on the underlying UI structures. To address the second and third challenges, VASTA takes advantage of advanced natural language understanding algorithms for analyzing the user utterance to trigger the VASTA automation scripts, and to determine the automation parameters for generalization. We run an initial user study that demonstrates the effectiveness of VASTA at clustering user utterances, understanding changes in the automation parameters, detecting desired UI elements, and, most importantly, automating various tasks. A demo video of the system is available here: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://y2u.be/kr2xE-FixjI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> 
### 27.Improved BiGAN training with marginal likelihood equalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.01425.pdf)
>  We propose a novel training procedure for improving the performance of generative adversarial networks (GANs), especially to bidirectional GANs. First, we enforce that the empirical distribution of the inverse inference network matches the prior distribution, which favors the generator network reproducibility on the seen samples. Second, we have found that the marginal log-likelihood of the samples shows a severe overrepresentation of a certain type of samples. To address this issue, we propose to train the bidirectional GAN using a non-uniform sampling for the mini-batch selection, resulting in improved quality and variety in generated samples measured quantitatively and by visual inspection. We illustrate our new procedure with the well-known CIFAR10, Fashion MNIST and CelebA datasets. 
