# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 22 Nov 2019
### 1.Adversarial Examples Improve Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09665.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples are commonly viewed as a threat to ConvNets. Here we present an opposite perspective: adversarial examples can be used to improve image recognition models if harnessed in the right manner. We propose AdvProp, an enhanced adversarial training scheme which treats adversarial examples as additional examples, to prevent overfitting. Key to our method is the usage of a separate auxiliary batch norm for adversarial examples, as they have different underlying distributions to normal examples. <br>We show that AdvProp improves a wide range of models on various image recognition tasks and performs better when the models are bigger. For instance, by applying AdvProp to the latest EfficientNet-B7 [28] on ImageNet, we achieve significant improvements on ImageNet (+0.7%), ImageNet-C (+6.5%), ImageNet-A (+7.0%), Stylized-ImageNet (+4.8%). With an enhanced EfficientNet-B8, our method achieves the state-of-the-art 85.5% ImageNet top-1 accuracy without extra data. This result even surpasses the best model in [20] which is trained with 3.5B Instagram images (~3000X more than ImageNet) and ~9.4X more parameters. Models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/tpu/tree/master/models/official/efficientnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 2.AdaFilter: Adaptive Filter Fine-tuning for Deep Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09659.pdf)
>  There is an increasing number of pre-trained deep neural network models. However, it is still unclear how to effectively use these models for a new task. Transfer learning, which aims to transfer knowledge from source tasks to a target task, is an effective solution to this problem. Fine-tuning is a popular transfer learning technique for deep neural networks where a few rounds of training are applied to the parameters of a pre-trained model to adapt them to a new task. Despite its popularity, in this paper, we show that fine-tuning suffers from several drawbacks. We propose an adaptive fine-tuning approach, called AdaFilter, which selects only a part of the convolutional filters in the pre-trained model to optimize on a per-example basis. We use a recurrent gated network to selectively fine-tune convolutional filters based on the activations of the previous layer. We experiment with 7 public image classification datasets and the results show that AdaFilter can reduce the average classification error of the standard fine-tuning by 2.54%. 
### 3.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation by Optical Flow Augmentation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09652.pdf)
>  It is expensive to generate real-life image labels and there is a domain gap between real-life and simulated images, hence a model trained on the latter cannot adapt to the former. Solving this can totally eliminate the need for labeling real-life datasets completely. Class balanced self-training is one of the existing techniques that attempt to reduce the domain gap. Moreover, augmenting RGB with flow maps has improved performance in simple semantic segmentation and geometry is preserved across domains. Hence, by augmenting images with dense optical flow map, domain adaptation in semantic segmentation can be improved. 
### 4.Learning to Localize Sound Sources in Visual Scenes: Analysis and Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09649.pdf)
>  Visual events are usually accompanied by sounds in our daily lives. However, can the machines learn to correlate the visual scene and sound, as well as localize the sound source only by observing them like humans? To investigate its empirical learnability, in this work we first present a novel unsupervised algorithm to address the problem of localizing sound sources in visual scenes. In order to achieve this goal, a two-stream network structure which handles each modality with attention mechanism is developed for sound source localization. The network naturally reveals the localized response in the scene without human annotation. In addition, a new sound source dataset is developed for performance evaluation. Nevertheless, our empirical evaluation shows that the unsupervised method generates false conclusions in some cases. Thereby, we show that this false conclusion cannot be fixed without human prior knowledge due to the well-known correlation and causality mismatch misconception. To fix this issue, we extend our network to the supervised and semi-supervised network settings via a simple modification due to the general architecture of our two-stream network. We show that the false conclusions can be effectively corrected even with a small amount of supervision, i.e., semi-supervised setup. Furthermore, we present the versatility of the learned audio and visual embeddings on the cross-modal content alignment and we extend this proposed algorithm to a new application, sound saliency based automatic camera view panning in 360-degree° videos. 
### 5.Ocular Recognition Databases and Competitions: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09646.pdf)
>  The use of the iris and periocular region as biometric traits has been extensively investigated, mainly due to the singularity of the iris features and the use of the periocular region when the image resolution is not sufficient to extract iris information. In addition to providing information about an individual's identity, features extracted from these traits can also be explored to obtain other information such as the individual's gender, the influence of drug use, the use of contact lenses, spoofing, among others. This work presents a survey of the databases created for ocular recognition, detailing their protocols and how their images were acquired. We also describe and discuss the most popular ocular recognition competitions (contests), highlighting the submitted algorithms that achieved the best results using only iris trait and also fusing iris and periocular region information. Finally, we describe some relevant works applying deep learning techniques to ocular recognition and point out new challenges and future directions. Considering that there are a large number of ocular databases, and each one is usually designed for a specific problem, we believe this survey can provide a broad overview of the challenges in ocular biometrics. 
### 6.Synthesizing Visual Illusions Using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09599.pdf)
>  Visual illusions are a very useful tool for vision scientists, because they allow them to better probe the limits, thresholds and errors of the visual system. In this work we introduce the first ever framework to generate novel visual illusions with an artificial neural network (ANN). It takes the form of a generative adversarial network, with a generator of visual illusion candidates and two discriminator modules, one for the inducer background and another that decides whether or not the candidate is indeed an illusion. The generality of the model is exemplified by synthesizing illusions of different types, and validated with psychophysical experiments that corroborate that the outputs of our ANN are indeed visual illusions to human observers. Apart from synthesizing new visual illusions, which may help vision researchers, the proposed model has the potential to open new ways to study the similarities and differences between ANN and human visual perception. 
### 7.Knowledge Graph Transfer Network for Few-Shot Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09579.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning aims to learn novel categories from very few samples given some base categories with sufficient training samples. The main challenge of this task is the novel categories are prone to dominated by color, texture, shape of the object or background context (namely specificity), which are distinct for the given few training samples but not common for the corresponding categories (see Figure 1). Fortunately, we find that transferring information of the correlated based categories can help learn the novel concepts and thus avoid the novel concept being dominated by the specificity. Besides, incorporating semantic correlations among different categories can effectively regularize this information transfer. In this work, we represent the semantic correlations in the form of structured knowledge graph and integrate this graph into deep neural networks to promote few-shot learning by a novel Knowledge Graph Transfer Network (KGTN). Specifically, by initializing each node with the classifier weight of the corresponding category, a propagation mechanism is learned to adaptively propagate node message through the graph to explore node interaction and transfer classifier information of the base categories to those of the novel ones. Extensive experiments on the ImageNet dataset show significant performance improvement compared with current leading competitors. Furthermore, we construct an ImageNet-6K dataset that covers larger scale categories, i.e, 6,000 categories, and experiments on this dataset further demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model. 
### 8.All You Need Is Boundary: Toward Arbitrary-Shaped Text Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09550.pdf)
>  Recently, end-to-end text spotting that aims to detect and recognize text from cluttered images simultaneously has received particularly growing interest in computer vision. Different from the existing approaches that formulate text detection as bounding box extraction or instance segmentation, we localize a set of points on the boundary of each text instance. With the representation of such boundary points, we establish a simple yet effective scheme for end-to-end text spotting, which can read the text of arbitrary shapes. Experiments on three challenging datasets, including ICDAR2015, TotalText and COCO-Text demonstrate that the proposed method consistently surpasses the state-of-the-art in both scene text detection and end-to-end text recognition tasks. 
### 9.Learning Spatial Fusion for Single-Shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09516.pdf)
>  Pyramidal feature representation is the common practice to address the challenge of scale variation in object detection. However, the inconsistency across different feature scales is a primary limitation for the single-shot detectors based on feature pyramid. In this work, we propose a novel and data driven strategy for pyramidal feature fusion, referred to as adaptively spatial feature fusion (ASFF). It learns the way to spatially filter conflictive information to suppress the inconsistency, thus improving the scale-invariance of features, and introduces nearly free inference overhead. With the ASFF strategy and a solid baseline of YOLOv3, we achieve the best speed-accuracy trade-off on the MS COCO dataset, reporting 38.1% AP at 60 FPS, 42.4% AP at 45 FPS and 43.9% AP at 29 FPS. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ruinmessi/ASFF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 10.Deep Representations for Cross-spectral Ocular Biometrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09509.pdf)
>  One of the major challenges in ocular biometrics is the cross-spectral scenario, i.e., how to match images acquired in different wavelengths (typically visible (VIS) against near-infrared (NIR)). This article designs and extensively evaluates cross-spectral ocular verification methods, for both the closed and open-world settings, using well known deep learning representations based on the iris and periocular regions. Using as inputs the bounding boxes of non-normalized iris/periocular regions, we fine-tune Convolutional Neural Network(CNN) models (based either on VGG16 or ResNet-50 architectures), originally trained for face recognition. Based on the experiments carried out in two publicly available cross-spectral ocular databases, we report results for intra-spectral and cross-spectral scenarios, with the best performance being observed when fusing ResNet-50 deep representations from both the periocular and iris regions. When compared to the state-of-the-art, we observed that the proposed solution consistently reduces the Equal Error Rate(EER) values by 90% / 93% / 96% and 61% / 77% / 83% on the cross-spectral scenario and in the PolyU Bi-spectral and Cross-eye-cross-spectral datasets. Lastly, we evaluate the effect that the "deepness" factor of feature representations has in recognition effectiveness, and - based on a subjective analysis of the most problematic pairwise comparisons - we point out further directions for this field of research. 
### 11.Quantization Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09464.pdf)
>  Although deep neural networks are highly effective, their high computational and memory costs severely challenge their applications on portable devices. As a consequence, low-bit quantization, which converts a full-precision neural network into a low-bitwidth integer version, has been an active and promising research topic. Existing methods formulate the low-bit quantization of networks as an approximation or optimization problem. Approximation-based methods confront the gradient mismatch problem, while optimization-based methods are only suitable for quantizing weights and could introduce high computational cost in the training stage. In this paper, we propose a novel perspective of interpreting and implementing neural network quantization by formulating low-bit quantization as a differentiable non-linear function (termed quantization function). The proposed quantization function can be learned in a lossless and end-to-end manner and works for any weights and activations of neural networks in a simple and uniform way. Extensive experiments on image classification and object detection tasks show that our quantization networks outperform the state-of-the-art methods. We believe that the proposed method will shed new insights on the interpretation of neural network quantization. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aliyun/alibabacloud-quantization-networks" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 12.Heuristic Black-box Adversarial Attacks on Video Recognition Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09449.pdf)
>  We study the problem of attacking video recognition models in the black-box setting, where the model information is unknown and the adversary can only make queries to detect the predicted top-1 class and its probability. Compared with the black-box attack on images, attacking videos is more challenging as the computation cost for searching the adversarial perturbations on a video is much higher due to its high dimensionality. To overcome this challenge, we propose a heuristic black-box attack model that generates adversarial perturbations only on the selected frames and regions. More specifically, a heuristic-based algorithm is proposed to measure the importance of each frame in the video towards generating the adversarial examples. Based on the frames' importance, the proposed algorithm heuristically searches a subset of frames where the generated adversarial example has strong adversarial attack ability while keeps the perturbations lower than the given bound. Besides, to further boost the attack efficiency, we propose to generate the perturbations only on the salient regions of the selected frames. In this way, the generated perturbations are sparse in both temporal and spatial domains. Experimental results of attacking two mainstream video recognition methods on the UCF-101 dataset and the HMDB-51 dataset demonstrate that the proposed heuristic black-box adversarial attack method can significantly reduce the computation cost and lead to more than 28\% reduction in query numbers for the untargeted attack on both datasets. 
### 13.TEINet: Towards an Efficient Architecture for Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09435.pdf)
>  Efficiency is an important issue in designing video architectures for action recognition. 3D CNNs have witnessed remarkable progress in action recognition from videos. However, compared with their 2D counterparts, 3D convolutions often introduce a large amount of parameters and cause high computational cost. To relieve this problem, we propose an efficient temporal module, termed as Temporal Enhancement-and-Interaction (TEI Module), which could be plugged into the existing 2D CNNs (denoted by TEINet). The TEI module presents a different paradigm to learn temporal features by decoupling the modeling of channel correlation and temporal interaction. First, it contains a Motion Enhanced Module (MEM) which is to enhance the motion-related features while suppress irrelevant information (e.g., background). Then, it introduces a Temporal Interaction Module (TIM) which supplements the temporal contextual information in a channel-wise manner. This two-stage modeling scheme is not only able to capture temporal structure flexibly and effectively, but also efficient for model inference. We conduct extensive experiments to verify the effectiveness of TEINet on several benchmarks (e.g., Something-Something V1&amp;V2, Kinetics, UCF101 and HMDB51). Our proposed TEINet can achieve a good recognition accuracy on these datasets but still preserve a high efficiency. 
### 14.MSD: Multi-Self-Distillation Learning via Multi-classifiers within Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09418.pdf)
>  As the development of neural networks, more and more deep neural networks are adopted in various tasks, such as image classification. However, as the huge computational overhead, these networks could not be applied on mobile devices or other low latency scenes. To address this dilemma, muti-exit convolutional network is proposed to allow faster inference via early exits with the corresponding classifiers. These networks utilize sophisticated designing to increase the early exit accuracy. However, naively training the multi-exit network could hurt the performance (accuracy) of deep neural networks as early-exit classifiers throughout interfere with the feature generation process. <br>In this paper, we propose a general training framework named multi-self-distillation learning (MSD), which mining knowledge of different classifiers within the same network and boost every classifier accuracy. Our approach can be applied not only to multi-exit networks, but also modern CNNs (e.g., ResNet Series) augmented with additional side branch classifiers. We use sampling-based branch augmentation technique to transform a single-exit network into a multi-exit network. This reduces the gap of capacity between different classifiers, and improves the effectiveness of applying MSD. Our experiments show that MSD improves the accuracy of various networks: enhancing the accuracy of every classifier significantly for existing multi-exit network (MSDNet), improving vanilla single-exit networks with internal classifiers with high accuracy, while also improving the final accuracy. 
### 15.Classification-driven Single Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09389.pdf)
>  Most existing dehazing algorithms often use hand-crafted features or Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)-based methods to generate clear images using pixel-level Mean Square Error (MSE) loss. The generated images generally have better visual appeal, but not always have better performance for high-level vision tasks, e.g. image classification. In this paper, we investigate a new point of view in addressing this problem. Instead of focusing only on achieving good quantitative performance on pixel-based metrics such as Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR), we also ensure that the dehazed image itself does not degrade the performance of the high-level vision tasks such as image classification. To this end, we present an unified CNN architecture that includes three parts: a dehazing sub-network (DNet), a classification-driven Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks sub-network (CCGAN) and a classification sub-network (CNet) related to image classification, which has better performance both on visual appeal and image classification. We conduct comprehensive experiments on two challenging benchmark datasets for fine-grained and object classification: CUB-200-2011 and Caltech-256. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms many recent state-of-the-art single image dehazing methods in terms of image dehazing metrics and classification accuracy. 
### 16.ChartNet: Visual Reasoning over Statistical Charts using MAC-Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09375.pdf)
>  Despite the improvements in perception accuracies brought about via deep learning, developing systems combining accurate visual perception with the ability to reason over the visual percepts remains extremely challenging. A particular application area of interest from an accessibility perspective is that of reasoning over statistical charts such as bar and pie charts. To this end, we formulate the problem of reasoning over statistical charts as a classification task using MAC-Networks to give answers from a predefined vocabulary of generic answers. Additionally, we enhance the capabilities of MAC-Networks to give chart-specific answers to open-ended questions by replacing the classification layer by a regression layer to localize the textual answers present over the images. We call our network ChartNet, and demonstrate its efficacy on predicting both in vocabulary and out of vocabulary answers. To test our methods, we generated our own dataset of statistical chart images and corresponding question answer pairs. Results show that ChartNet consistently outperform other state-of-the-art methods on reasoning over these questions and may be a viable candidate for applications containing images of statistical charts. 
### 17.Gliding vertex on the horizontal bounding box for multi-oriented object detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09358.pdf)
>  Object detection has recently experienced substantial progress. Yet, the widely adopted horizontal bounding box representation is not appropriate for ubiquitous oriented objects such as objects in aerial images and scene texts. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective framework to detect multi-oriented objects. Instead of directly regressing the four vertices, we glide the vertex of the horizontal bounding box on each corresponding side to accurately describe a multi-oriented object. Specifically, We regress four length ratios characterizing the relative gliding offset on each corresponding side. This may facilitate the offset learning and avoid the confusion issue of sequential label points for oriented objects. To further remedy the confusion issue for nearly horizontal objects, we also introduce an obliquity factor based on area ratio between the object and its horizontal bounding box, guiding the selection of horizontal or oriented detection for each object. We add these five extra target variables to the regression head of fast R-CNN, which requires ignorable extra computation time. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that without bells and whistles, the proposed method achieves superior performances on multiple multi-oriented object detection benchmarks including object detection in aerial images, scene text detection, pedestrian detection in fisheye images. 
### 18.An End-to-End Audio Classification System based on Raw Waveforms and Mix-Training Strategy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09349.pdf)
>  Audio classification can distinguish different kinds of sounds, which is helpful for intelligent applications in daily life. However, it remains a challenging task since the sound events in an audio clip is probably multiple, even overlapping. This paper introduces an end-to-end audio classification system based on raw waveforms and mix-training strategy. Compared to human-designed features which have been widely used in existing research, raw waveforms contain more complete information and are more appropriate for multi-label classification. Taking raw waveforms as input, our network consists of two variants of ResNet structure which can learn a discriminative representation. To explore the information in intermediate layers, a multi-level prediction with attention structure is applied in our model. Furthermore, we design a mix-training strategy to break the performance limitation caused by the amount of training data. Experiments show that the mean average precision of the proposed audio classification system on Audio Set dataset is 37.2%. Without using extra training data, our system exceeds the state-of-the-art multi-level attention model. 
### 19.Empirical Autopsy of Deep Video Captioning Frameworks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09345.pdf)
>  Contemporary deep learning based video captioning follows encoder-decoder framework. In encoder, visual features are extracted with 2D/3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and a transformed version of those features is passed to the decoder. The decoder uses word embeddings and a language model to map visual features to natural language captions. Due to its composite nature, the encoder-decoder pipeline provides the freedom of multiple choices for each of its components, e.g the choices of CNNs models, feature transformations, word embeddings, and language models etc. Component selection can have drastic effects on the overall video captioning performance. However, current literature is void of any systematic investigation in this regard. This article fills this gap by providing the first thorough empirical analysis of the role that each major component plays in a contemporary video captioning pipeline. We perform extensive experiments by varying the constituent components of the video captioning framework, and quantify the performance gains that are possible by mere component selection. We use the popular MSVD dataset as the test-bed, and demonstrate that substantial performance gains are possible by careful selection of the constituent components without major changes to the pipeline itself. These results are expected to provide guiding principles for future research in the fast growing direction of video captioning. 
### 20.Voice-Face Cross-modal Matching and Retrieval: A Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09338.pdf)
>  Cross-modal associations between voice and face from a person can be learnt algorithmically, which can benefit a lot of applications. The problem can be defined as voice-face matching and retrieval tasks. Much research attention has been paid on these tasks recently. However, this research is still in the early stage. Test schemes based on random tuple mining tend to have low test confidence. Generalization ability of models can not be evaluated by small scale datasets. Performance metrics on various tasks are scarce. A benchmark for this problem needs to be established. In this paper, first, a framework based on comprehensive studies is proposed for voice-face matching and retrieval. It achieves state-of-the-art performance with various performance metrics on different tasks and with high test confidence on large scale datasets, which can be taken as a baseline for the follow-up research. In this framework, a voice anchored L2-Norm constrained metric space is proposed, and cross-modal embeddings are learned with CNN-based networks and triplet loss in the metric space. The embedding learning process can be more effective and efficient with this strategy. Different network structures of the framework and the cross language transfer abilities of the model are also analyzed. Second, a voice-face dataset (with 1.15M face data and 0.29M audio data) from Chinese speakers is constructed, and a convenient and quality controllable dataset collection tool is developed. The dataset and source code of the paper will be published together with this paper. 
### 21.LCD: Learned Cross-Domain Descriptors for 2D-3D Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09326.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a novel method to learn a local cross-domain descriptor for 2D image and 3D point cloud matching. Our proposed method is a dual auto-encoder neural network that maps 2D and 3D input into a shared latent space representation. We show that such local cross-domain descriptors in the shared embedding are more discriminative than those obtained from individual training in 2D and 3D domains. To facilitate the training process, we built a new dataset by collecting $\approx 1.4$ millions of 2D-3D correspondences with various lighting conditions and settings from publicly available RGB-D scenes. Our descriptor is evaluated in three main experiments: 2D-3D matching, cross-domain retrieval, and sparse-to-dense depth estimation. Experimental results confirm the robustness of our approach as well as its competitive performance not only in solving cross-domain tasks but also in being able to generalize to solve sole 2D and 3D tasks. Our dataset and code are released publicly at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://hkust-vgd.github.io/lcd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 22.Simultaneous Implementation Features Extraction and Recognition Using C3D Network for WiFi-based Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09325.pdf)
>  Human actions recognition has attracted more and more people's attention. Many technology have been developed to express human action's features, such as image, skeleton-based, and channel state information(CSI). Among them, on account of CSI's easy to be equipped and undemanding for light, and it has gained more and more attention in some special scene. However, the relationship between CSI signal and human actions is very complex, and some preliminary work must be done to make CSI features easy to understand for computer. Nowadays, many work departed CSI-based features' action dealing into two parts. One part is for features extraction and dimension reduce, and the other part is for time series problems. Some of them even omitted one of the two part work. Therefore, the accuracies of current recognition systems are far from satisfactory. In this paper, we propose a new deep learning based approach, i.e. C3D network and C3D network with attention mechanism, for human actions recognition using CSI signals. This kind of network can make feature extraction from spatial convolution and temporal convolution simultaneously, and through this network the two part of CSI-based human actions recognition mentioned above can be realized at the same time. The entire algorithm structure is simplified. The experimental results show that our proposed C3D network is able to achieve the best recognition performance for all activities when compared with some benchmark approaches. 
### 23.Relation Network for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09318.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (reID) aims at retrieving an image of the person of interest from a set of images typically captured by multiple cameras. Recent reID methods have shown that exploiting local features describing body parts, together with a global feature of a person image itself, gives robust feature representations, even in the case of missing body parts. However, using the individual part-level features directly, without considering relations between body parts, confuses differentiating identities of different persons having similar attributes in corresponding parts. To address this issue, we propose a new relation network for person reID that considers relations between individual body parts and the rest of them. Our model makes a single part-level feature incorporate partial information of other body parts as well, supporting it to be more discriminative. We also introduce a global contrastive pooling (GCP) method to obtain a global feature of a person image. We propose to use contrastive features for GCP to complement conventional max and averaging pooling techniques. We show that our model outperforms the state of the art on the Market1501, DukeMTMC-reID and CUHK03 datasets, demonstrating the effectiveness of our approach on discriminative person representations. 
### 24.Image Aesthetics Assessment using Multi Channel Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09301.pdf)
>  Image Aesthetics Assessment is one of the emerging domains in research. The domain deals with classification of images into categories depending on the basis of how pleasant they are for the users to watch. In this article, the focus is on categorizing the images in high quality and low quality image. Deep convolutional neural networks are used to classify the images. Instead of using just the raw image as input, different crops and saliency maps of the images are also used, as input to the proposed multi channel CNN architecture. The experiments reported on widely used AVA database show improvement in the aesthetic assessment performance over existing approaches. 
### 25.Furnishing Your Room by What You See: An End-to-End Furniture Set Retrieval Framework with Rich Annotated Benchmark Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09299.pdf)
>  Understanding interior scenes has attracted enormous interest in computer vision community. However, few works focus on the understanding of furniture within the scenes and a large-scale dataset is also lacked to advance the field. In this paper, we first fill the gap by presenting DeepFurniture, a richly annotated large indoor scene dataset, including 24k indoor images, 170k furniture instances and 20k unique furniture identities. On the dataset, we introduce a new benchmark, named furniture set retrieval. Given an indoor photo as input, the task requires to detect all the furniture instances and search a matched set of furniture identities. To address this challenging task, we propose a feature and context embedding based framework. It contains 3 major contributions: (1) An improved Mask-RCNN model with an additional mask-based classifier is introduced for better utilizing the mask information to relieve the occlusion problems in furniture detection context. (2) A multi-task style Siamese network is proposed to train the feature embedding model for retrieval, which is composed of a classification subnet supervised by self-clustered pseudo attributes and a verification subnet to estimate whether the input pair is matched. (3) In order to model the relationship of the furniture entities in an interior design, a context embedding model is employed to re-rank the retrieval results. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of each module and the overall system. 
### 26.xBD: A Dataset for Assessing Building Damage from Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09296.pdf)
>  We present xBD, a new, large-scale dataset for the advancement of change detection and building damage assessment for humanitarian assistance and disaster recovery research. Natural disaster response requires an accurate understanding of damaged buildings in an affected region. Current response strategies require in-person damage assessments within 24-48 hours of a disaster. Massive potential exists for using aerial imagery combined with computer vision algorithms to assess damage and reduce the potential danger to human life. In collaboration with multiple disaster response agencies, xBD provides pre- and post-event satellite imagery across a variety of disaster events with building polygons, ordinal labels of damage level, and corresponding satellite metadata. Furthermore, the dataset contains bounding boxes and labels for environmental factors such as fire, water, and smoke. xBD is the largest building damage assessment dataset to date, containing 850,736 building annotations across 45,362 km\textsuperscript{2} of imagery. 
### 27.Controversial stimuli: pitting neural networks against each other as models of human recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09288.pdf)
>  Distinct scientific theories can make similar predictions. To adjudicate between theories, we must design experiments for which the theories make distinct predictions. Here we consider the problem of comparing deep neural networks as models of human visual recognition. To efficiently determine which models better explain human responses, we synthesize controversial stimuli: images for which different models produce distinct responses. We tested nine different models, which employed different architectures and recognition algorithms, including discriminative and generative models, all trained to recognize handwritten digits (from the MNIST set of digit images). We synthesized controversial stimuli to maximize the disagreement among the models. Human subjects viewed hundreds of these stimuli and judged the probability of presence of each digit in each image. We quantified how accurately each model predicted the human judgements. We found that the generative models (which learn the distribution of images for each class) better predicted the human judgments than the discriminative models (which learn to directly map from images to labels). The best performing model was the generative Analysis-by-Synthesis model (based on variational autoencoders). However, a simpler generative model (based on Gaussian-kernel-density estimation) also performed better than each of the discriminative models. None of the candidate models fully explained the human responses. We discuss the advantages and limitations of controversial stimuli as an experimental paradigm and how they generalize and improve on adversarial examples as probes of discrepancies between models and human perception. 
### 28.Semantic Hierarchy Emerges in Deep Generative Representations for Scene Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09267.pdf)
>  Despite the success of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) in image synthesis, there lacks enough understanding on what networks have learned inside the deep generative representations and how photo-realistic images are able to be composed from random noises. In this work, we show that highly-structured semantic hierarchy emerges as variation factors for synthesizing scenes from the generative representations in state-of-the-art GAN models, like StyleGAN and BigGAN. By probing the layer-wise representations with a broad set of semantics at different abstraction levels, we are able to quantify the causality between the activations and semantics occurring in the output image. Such a quantification identifies the human-understandable variation factors learned by GANs to compose scenes. The qualitative and quantitative results suggest that the generative representations learned by the GANs with layer-wise latent codes are specialized to synthesize different hierarchical semantics: the early layers tend to determine the spatial layout and configuration, the middle layers control the categorical objects, and the later layers finally render the scene attributes as well as color scheme. Identifying such a set of manipulatable latent variation factors facilitates semantic scene manipulation. 
### 29.EnAET: Self-Trained Ensemble AutoEncoding Transformations for Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09265.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been successfully applied to many real-world applications. However, these successes rely heavily on large amounts of labeled data, which is expensive to obtain. Recently, Auto-Encoding Transformation (AET) and MixMatch have been proposed and achieved state-of-the-art results for unsupervised and semi-supervised learning, respectively. In this study, we train an Ensemble of Auto-Encoding Transformations (EnAET) to learn from both labeled and unlabeled data based on the embedded representations by decoding both spatial and non-spatial transformations. This distinguishes EnAET from conventional semi-supervised methods that focus on improving prediction consistency and confidence by different models on both unlabeled and labeled examples. In contrast, we propose to explore the role of self-supervised representations in semi-supervised learning under a rich family of transformations. Experiment results on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN and STL10 demonstrate that the proposed EnAET outperforms the state-of-the-art semi-supervised methods by significant margins. In particular, we apply the proposed method to extremely challenging scenarios with only 10 images per class, and show that EnAET can achieve an error rate of 9.35% on CIFAR-10 and 16.92% on SVHN. In addition, EnAET achieves the best result when compared with fully supervised learning using all labeled data with the same network architecture. The performance on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and SVHN with a smaller network is even more competitive than the state-of-the-art of supervised learning methods based on a larger network. We also set a new performance record with an error rate of 1.99% on CIFAR-10 and 4.52% on STL10. The code and experiment records are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/maple-research-lab/EnAET" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 30.Consensus-based Optimization for 3D Human Pose Estimation in Camera Coordinates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09245.pdf)
>  3D human pose estimation is frequently seen as the task of estimating 3D poses relative to the root body joint. Alternatively, in this paper, we propose a 3D human pose estimation method in camera coordinates, which allows effective combination of 2D annotated data and 3D poses, as well as a straightforward multi-view generalization. To that end, we cast the problem into a different perspective, where 3D poses are predicted in the image plane, in pixels, and the absolute depth is estimated in millimeters. Based on this, we propose a consensus-based optimization algorithm for multi-view predictions from uncalibrated images, which requires a single monocular training procedure. Our method improves the state-of-the-art on well known 3D human pose datasets, reducing the prediction error by 32% in the most common benchmark. In addition, we also reported our results in absolute pose position error, achieving 80mm for monocular estimations and 51mm for multi-view, on average. 
### 31.Multi-Label Classification with Label Graph Superimposing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09243.pdf)
>  Images or videos always contain multiple objects or actions. Multi-label recognition has been witnessed to achieve pretty performance attribute to the rapid development of deep learning technologies. Recently, graph convolution network (GCN) is leveraged to boost the performance of multi-label recognition. However, what is the best way for label correlation modeling and how feature learning can be improved with label system awareness are still unclear. In this paper, we propose a label graph superimposing framework to improve the conventional GCN+CNN framework developed for multi-label recognition in the following two aspects. Firstly, we model the label correlations by superimposing label graph built from statistical co-occurrence information into the graph constructed from knowledge priors of labels, and then multi-layer graph convolutions are applied on the final superimposed graph for label embedding abstraction. Secondly, we propose to leverage embedding of the whole label system for better representation learning. In detail, lateral connections between GCN and CNN are added at shallow, middle and deep layers to inject information of label system into backbone CNN for label-awareness in the feature learning process. Extensive experiments are carried out on MS-COCO and Charades datasets, showing that our proposed solution can greatly improve the recognition performance and achieves new state-of-the-art recognition performance. 
### 32.Unsupervised Object Segmentation with Explicit Localization Module  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09228.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel architecture that iteratively discovers and segments out the objects of a scene based on the image reconstruction quality. Different from other approaches, our model uses an explicit localization module that localizes objects of the scene based on the pixel-level reconstruction qualities at each iteration, where simpler objects tend to be reconstructed better at earlier iterations and thus are segmented out first. We show that our localization module improves the quality of the segmentation, especially on a challenging background. 
### 33.FLNet: Landmark Driven Fetching and Learning Network for Faithful Talking Facial Animation Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09224.pdf)
>  Talking face synthesis has been widely studied in either appearance-based or warping-based methods. Previous works mostly utilize single face image as a source, and generate novel facial animations by merging other person's facial features. However, some facial regions like eyes or teeth, which may be hidden in the source image, can not be synthesized faithfully and stably. In this paper, We present a landmark driven two-stream network to generate faithful talking facial animation, in which more facial details are created, preserved and transferred from multiple source images instead of a single one. Specifically, we propose a network consisting of a learning and fetching stream. The fetching sub-net directly learns to attentively warp and merge facial regions from five source images of distinctive landmarks, while the learning pipeline renders facial organs from the training face space to compensate. Compared to baseline algorithms, extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method achieves a higher performance both quantitatively and qualitatively. Codes are at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kgu3/FLNet_AAAI2020" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 34.REVAMP$^2$T: Real-time Edge Video Analytics for Multi-camera Privacy-aware Pedestrian Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09217.pdf)
>  This article presents REVAMP$^2$T, Real-time Edge Video Analytics for Multi-camera Privacy-aware Pedestrian Tracking, as an integrated end-to-end IoT system for privacy-built-in decentralized situational awareness. REVAMP$^2$T presents novel algorithmic and system constructs to push deep learning and video analytics next to IoT devices (i.e. video cameras). On the algorithm side, REVAMP$^2$T proposes a unified integrated computer vision pipeline for detection, re-identification, and tracking across multiple cameras without the need for storing the streaming data. At the same time, it avoids facial recognition, and tracks and re-identifies pedestrians based on their key features at runtime. On the IoT system side, REVAMP$^2$T provides infrastructure to maximize hardware utilization on the edge, orchestrates global communications, and provides system-wide re-identification, without the use of personally identifiable information, for a distributed IoT network. For the results and evaluation, this article also proposes a new metric, Accuracy$\cdot$Efficiency (Æ), for holistic evaluation of IoT systems for real-time video analytics based on accuracy, performance, and power efficiency. REVAMP$^2$T outperforms current state-of-the-art by as much as thirteen-fold Æ~improvement. 
### 35.Object-Guided Instance Segmentation for Biological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09199.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation of biological images is essential for studying object behaviors and properties. The challenges, such as clustering, occlusion, and adhesion problems of the objects, make instance segmentation a non-trivial task. Current box-free instance segmentation methods typically rely on local pixel-level information. Due to a lack of global object view, these methods are prone to over- or under-segmentation. On the contrary, the box-based instance segmentation methods incorporate object detection into the segmentation, performing better in identifying the individual instances. In this paper, we propose a new box-based instance segmentation method. Mainly, we locate the object bounding boxes from their center points. The object features are subsequently reused in the segmentation branch as a guide to separate the clustered instances within an RoI patch. Along with the instance normalization, the model is able to recover the target object distribution and suppress the distribution of neighboring attached objects. Consequently, the proposed model performs excellently in segmenting the clustered objects while retaining the target object details. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performances on three biological datasets: cell nuclei, plant phenotyping dataset, and neural cells. 
### 36.Localized Compression: Applying Convolutional Neural Networks to Compressed Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09188.pdf)
>  We address the challenge of applying existing convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures to compressed images. Existing CNN architectures represent images as a matrix of pixel intensities with a specified dimension; this desired dimension is achieved by downgrading or cropping. Downgrading and cropping are attractive in that the result is also an image; however, an algorithm producing an alternative "compressed" representation could yield better classification performance. This compression algorithm need not be reversible, but must be compatible with the CNN's operations. This problem is thus the counterpart of the well-studied problem of applying compressed CNNs to uncompressed images, which has attracted great interest as CNNs are deployed to size-, weight-, and power- (SWaP)-limited devices. We introduce Localized Compression, a generalization of downgrading in which the original image is divided into blocks and each block is compressed to a smaller size using either sampling- or random-matrix-based techniques. By aligning the size of the compressed blocks with the size of the CNN's convolutional region, localized compression can be made compatible with any CNN architecture. Our experimental results show that Localized Compression results in classification accuracy approximately 1-2% higher than is achieved by downgrading to the equivalent resolution. 
### 37.Active Learning for Deep Detection Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09168.pdf)
>  The cost of drawing object bounding boxes (i.e. labeling) for millions of images is prohibitively high. For instance, labeling pedestrians in a regular urban image could take 35 seconds on average. Active learning aims to reduce the cost of labeling by selecting only those images that are informative to improve the detection network accuracy. In this paper, we propose a method to perform active learning of object detectors based on convolutional neural networks. We propose a new image-level scoring process to rank unlabeled images for their automatic selection, which clearly outperforms classical scores. The proposed method can be applied to videos and sets of still images. In the former case, temporal selection rules can complement our scoring process. As a relevant use case, we extensively study the performance of our method on the task of pedestrian detection. Overall, the experiments show that the proposed method performs better than random selection. Our codes are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.gitlab.com/haghdam/deep_active_learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 38.ID-aware Quality for Set-based Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09143.pdf)
>  Set-based person re-identification (SReID) is a matching problem that aims to verify whether two sets are of the same identity (ID). Existing SReID models typically generate a feature representation per image and aggregate them to represent the set as a single embedding. However, they can easily be perturbed by noises--perceptually/semantically low quality images--which are inevitable due to imperfect tracking/detection systems, or overfit to trivial images. In this work, we present a novel and simple solution to this problem based on ID-aware quality that measures the perceptual and semantic quality of images guided by their ID information. Specifically, we propose an ID-aware Embedding that consists of two key components: (1) Feature learning attention that aims to learn robust image embeddings by focusing on 'medium' hard images. This way it can prevent overfitting to trivial images, and alleviate the influence of outliers. (2) Feature fusion attention is to fuse image embeddings in the set to obtain the set-level embedding. It ignores noisy information and pays more attention to discriminative images to aggregate more discriminative information. Experimental results on four datasets show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches despite the simplicity of our approach. 
### 39.SINet: Extreme Lightweight Portrait Segmentation Networks with Spatial Squeeze Modules and Information Blocking Decoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09099.pdf)
>  Designing a lightweight and robust portrait segmentation algorithm is an important task for a wide range of face applications. However, the problem has been considered as a subset of the object segmentation problem and less handled in the semantic segmentation field. Obviously, portrait segmentation has its unique requirements. First, because the portrait segmentation is performed in the middle of a whole process of many real-world applications, it requires extremely lightweight models. Second, there has not been any public datasets in this domain that contain a sufficient number of images with unbiased statistics. To solve the first problem, we introduce the new extremely lightweight portrait segmentation model SINet, containing an information blocking decoder and spatial squeeze modules. The information blocking decoder uses confidence estimates to recover local spatial information without spoiling global consistency. The spatial squeeze module uses multiple receptive fields to cope with various sizes of consistency in the image. To tackle the second problem, we propose a simple method to create additional portrait segmentation data which can improve accuracy on the EG1800 dataset. In our qualitative and quantitative analysis on the EG1800 dataset, we show that our method outperforms various existing lightweight segmentation models. Our method reduces the number of parameters from2.1Mto86.9K(around 95.9% reduction), while maintaining the accuracy under an 1% margin from the state-of-the-art portrait segmentation method. We also show our model is successfully executed on a real mobile device with 100.6 FPS. In addition, we demonstrate that our method can be used for general semantic segmentation on the Cityscape dataset. The code is available inhttps://github.com/HYOJINPARK/ExtPortraitSeg 
### 40.Superpixel Soup: Monocular Dense 3D Reconstruction of a Complex Dynamic Scene  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09092.pdf)
>  This work addresses the task of dense 3D reconstruction of a complex dynamic scene from images. The prevailing idea to solve this task is composed of a sequence of steps and is dependent on the success of several pipelines in its execution. To overcome such limitations with the existing algorithm, we propose a unified approach to solve this problem. We assume that a dynamic scene can be approximated by numerous piecewise planar surfaces, where each planar surface enjoys its own rigid motion, and the global change in the scene between two frames is as-rigid-as-possible (ARAP). Consequently, our model of a dynamic scene reduces to a soup of planar structures and rigid motion of these local planar structures. Using planar over-segmentation of the scene, we reduce this task to solving a "3D jigsaw puzzle" problem. Hence, the task boils down to correctly assemble each rigid piece to construct a 3D shape that complies with the geometry of the scene under the ARAP assumption. Further, we show that our approach provides an effective solution to the inherent scale-ambiguity in structure-from-motion under perspective projection. We provide extensive experimental results and evaluation on several benchmark datasets. Quantitative comparison with competing approaches shows state-of-the-art performance. 
### 41.Third-Person Visual Imitation Learning via Decoupled Hierarchical Controller  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09676.pdf)
>  We study a generalized setup for learning from demonstration to build an agent that can manipulate novel objects in unseen scenarios by looking at only a single video of human demonstration from a third-person perspective. To accomplish this goal, our agent should not only learn to understand the intent of the demonstrated third-person video in its context but also perform the intended task in its environment configuration. Our central insight is to enforce this structure explicitly during learning by decoupling what to achieve (intended task) from how to perform it (controller). We propose a hierarchical setup where a high-level module learns to generate a series of first-person sub-goals conditioned on the third-person video demonstration, and a low-level controller predicts the actions to achieve those sub-goals. Our agent acts from raw image observations without any access to the full state information. We show results on a real robotic platform using Baxter for the manipulation tasks of pouring and placing objects in a box. Project video and code are at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://pathak22.github.io/hierarchical-imitation/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 42.Few Shot Network Compression via Cross Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09450.pdf)
>  Model compression has been widely adopted to obtain light-weighted deep neural networks. Most prevalent methods, however, require fine-tuning with sufficient training data to ensure accuracy, which could be challenged by privacy and security issues. As a compromise between privacy and performance, in this paper we investigate few shot network compression: given few samples per class, how can we effectively compress the network with negligible performance drop? The core challenge of few shot network compression lies in high estimation errors from the original network during inference, since the compressed network can easily over-fits on the few training instances. The estimation errors could propagate and accumulate layer-wisely and finally deteriorate the network output. To address the problem, we propose cross distillation, a novel layer-wise knowledge distillation approach. By interweaving hidden layers of teacher and student network, layer-wisely accumulated estimation errors can be effectively reduced.The proposed method offers a general framework compatible with prevalent network compression techniques such as pruning. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate that cross distillation can significantly improve the student network's accuracy when only a few training instances are available. 
### 43.Single Image Super Resolution based on a Modified U-net with Mixed Gradient Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09428.pdf)
>  Single image super-resolution (SISR) is the task of inferring a high-resolution image from a single low-resolution image. Recent research on super-resolution has achieved great progress due to the development of deep convolutional neural networks in the field of computer vision. Existing super-resolution reconstruction methods have high performances in the criterion of Mean Square Error (MSE) but most methods fail to reconstruct an image with shape edges. To solve this problem, the mixed gradient error, which is composed by MSE and a weighted mean gradient error, is proposed in this work and applied to a modified U-net network as the loss function. The modified U-net removes all batch normalization layers and one of the convolution layers in each block. The operation reduces the number of parameters, and therefore accelerates the reconstruction. Compared with the existing image super-resolution algorithms, the proposed reconstruction method has better performance and time consumption. The experiments demonstrate that modified U-net network architecture with mixed gradient loss yields high-level results on three image datasets: SET14, BSD300, ICDAR2003. Code is available online. 
### 44.Segmenting Medical MRI via Recurrent Decoding Cell  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09401.pdf)
>  The encoder-decoder networks are commonly used in medical image segmentation due to their remarkable performance in hierarchical feature fusion. However, the expanding path for feature decoding and spatial recovery does not consider the long-term dependency when fusing feature maps from different layers, and the universal encoder-decoder network does not make full use of the multi-modality information to improve the network robustness especially for segmenting medical MRI. In this paper, we propose a novel feature fusion unit called Recurrent Decoding Cell (RDC) which leverages convolutional RNNs to memorize the long-term context information from the previous layers in the decoding phase. An encoder-decoder network, named Convolutional Recurrent Decoding Network (CRDN), is also proposed based on RDC for segmenting multi-modality medical MRI. CRDN adopts CNN backbone to encode image features and decode them hierarchically through a chain of RDCs to obtain the final high-resolution score map. The evaluation experiments on BrainWeb, MRBrainS and HVSMR datasets demonstrate that the introduction of RDC effectively improves the segmentation accuracy as well as reduces the model size, and the proposed CRDN owns its robustness to image noise and intensity non-uniformity in medical MRI. 
### 45.Heart Segmentation From MRI Scans Using Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09332.pdf)
>  Heart is one of the vital organs of human body. A minor dysfunction of heart even for a short time interval can be fatal, therefore, efficient monitoring of its physiological state is essential for the patients with cardiovascular diseases. In the recent past, various computer assisted medical imaging systems have been proposed for the segmentation of the organ of interest. However, for the segmentation of heart using MRI, only few methods have been proposed each with its own merits and demerits. For further advancement in this area of research, we analyze automated heart segmentation methods for magnetic resonance images. The analysis are based on deep learning methods that processes a full MR scan in a slice by slice fashion to predict desired mask for heart region. We design two encoder decoder type fully convolutional neural network models 
### 46.Data Proxy Generation for Fast and Efficient Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09322.pdf)
>  Due to the recent advances on Neural Architecture Search (NAS), it gains popularity in designing best networks for specific tasks. Although it shows promising results on many benchmarks and competitions, NAS still suffers from its demanding computation cost for searching high dimensional architectural design space, and this problem becomes even worse when we want to use a large-scale dataset. If we can make a reliable data proxy for NAS, the efficiency of NAS approaches increase accordingly. Our basic observation for making a data proxy is that each example in a specific dataset has a different impact on NAS process and most of examples are redundant from a relative accuracy ranking perspective, which we should preserve when making a data proxy. We propose a systematic approach to measure the importance of each example from this relative accuracy ranking point of view, and make a reliable data proxy based on the statistics of training and testing examples. Our experiment shows that we can preserve the almost same relative accuracy ranking between all possible network configurations even with 10-20$\times$ smaller data proxy. 
### 47.Large-scale Multi-view Subspace Clustering in Linear Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09290.pdf)
>  A plethora of multi-view subspace clustering (MVSC) methods have been proposed over the past few years. Researchers manage to boost clustering accuracy from different points of view. However, many state-of-the-art MVSC algorithms, typically have a quadratic or even cubic complexity, are inefficient and inherently difficult to apply at large scales. In the era of big data, the computational issue becomes critical. To fill this gap, we propose a large-scale MVSC (LMVSC) algorithm with linear order complexity. Inspired by the idea of anchor graph, we first learn a smaller graph for each view. Then, a novel approach is designed to integrate those graphs so that we can implement spectral clustering on a smaller graph. Interestingly, it turns out that our model also applies to single-view scenario. Extensive experiments on various large-scale benchmark data sets validate the effectiveness and efficiency of our approach with respect to state-of-the-art clustering methods. 
### 48.Band-limited Training and Inference for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09287.pdf)
>  The convolutional layers are core building blocks of neural network architectures. In general, a convolutional filter applies to the entire frequency spectrum of the input data. We explore artificially constraining the frequency spectra of these filters and data, called band-limiting, during training. The frequency domain constraints apply to both the feed-forward and back-propagation steps. Experimentally, we observe that Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are resilient to this compression scheme and results suggest that CNNs learn to leverage lower-frequency components. In particular, we found: (1) band-limited training can effectively control the resource usage (GPU and memory); (2) models trained with band-limited layers retain high prediction accuracy; and (3) requires no modification to existing training algorithms or neural network architectures to use unlike other compression schemes. 
### 49.NaMemo: Enhancing Lecturers' Interpersonal Competence of Remembering Students' Names  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09279.pdf)
>  Addressing students by their names helps a teacher to start building rapport with students and thus facilitate their classroom participation. However, this basic yet effective skill has become rather challenging for university lecturers (especially in Asian universities), who have to handle large-sized (sometimes exceeding 100) groups in their daily teaching. To enhance lecturers' competence in delivering interpersonal interaction, we develop NaMemo, a real-time name-indicating system based on a dedicated computer vision algorithm. This paper presents its design and feasibility study, which showed a plausible acceptance level from the participating teachers and students. We also reveal students' concerns on the abuse or misuse of this system: e.g., for checking attendance. Taken together, we discuss the opportunities and risks in design, and elaborate on the plan of a follow-up, in-depth implementation to further evaluate NaMemo's impacts on learning and teaching, as well as to probe design implications including privacy considerations. 
### 50.DeepLABNet: End-to-end Learning of Deep Radial Basis Networks with Fully Learnable Basis Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09257.pdf)
>  From fully connected neural networks to convolutional neural networks, the learned parameters within a neural network have been primarily relegated to the linear parameters (e.g., convolutional filters). The non-linear functions (e.g., activation functions) have largely remained, with few exceptions in recent years, parameter-less, static throughout training, and seen limited variation in design. Largely ignored by the deep learning community, radial basis function (RBF) networks provide an interesting mechanism for learning more complex non-linear activation functions in addition to the linear parameters in a network. However, the interest in RBF networks has waned over time due to the difficulty of integrating RBFs into more complex deep neural network architectures in a tractable and stable manner. In this work, we present a novel approach that enables end-to-end learning of deep RBF networks with fully learnable activation basis functions in an automatic and tractable manner. We demonstrate that our approach for enabling the use of learnable activation basis functions in deep neural networks, which we will refer to as DeepLABNet, is an effective tool for automated activation function learning within complex network architectures. 
### 51.Semantic Segmentation of Thigh Muscle using 2.5D Deep Learning Network Trained with Limited Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09249.pdf)
>  Purpose: We propose a 2.5D deep learning neural network (DLNN) to automatically classify thigh muscle into 11 classes and evaluate its classification accuracy over 2D and 3D DLNN when trained with limited datasets. Enables operator invariant quantitative assessment of the thigh muscle volume change with respect to the disease progression. Materials and methods: Retrospective datasets consist of 48 thigh volume (TV) cropped from CT DICOM images. Cropped volumes were aligned with femur axis and resample in 2 mm voxel-spacing. Proposed 2.5D DLNN consists of three 2D U-Net trained with axial, coronal and sagittal muscle slices respectively. A voting algorithm was used to combine the output of U-Nets to create final segmentation. 2.5D U-Net was trained on PC with 38 TV and the remaining 10 TV were used to evaluate segmentation accuracy of 10 classes within Thigh. The result segmentation of both left and right thigh were de-cropped to original CT volume space. Finally, segmentation accuracies were compared between proposed DLNN and 2D/3D U-Net. Results: Average segmentation DSC score accuracy of all classes with 2.5D U-Net as 91.18% and Average Surface distance (ASD) accuracy as 0.84 mm. We found, mean DSC score for 2D U-Net was 3.3% lower than the that of 2.5D U-Net and mean DSC score of 3D U-Net was 5.7% lower than that of 2.5D U-Net when trained with same datasets. Conclusion: We achieved a faster computationally efficient and automatic segmentation of thigh muscle into 11 classes with reasonable accuracy. Enables quantitative evaluation of muscle atrophy with disease progression. 
### 52.DR-KFD: A Differentiable Visual Metric for 3D Shape Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09204.pdf)
>  We advocate the use of differential visual shape metrics to train deep neural networks for 3D reconstruction. We introduce such a metric which compares two 3D shapes by measuring visual, image-space differences between multiview images differentiably rendered from the shapes. Furthermore, we develop a differentiable image-space distance based on mean-squared errors defined over Hard- Net features computed from probabilistic keypoint maps of the compared images. Our differential visual shape metric can be easily plugged into various reconstruction networks, replacing the object-space distortion measures, such as Chamfer or Earth Mover distances, so as to optimize the network weights to produce reconstruction results with better structural fidelity and visual quality. We demonstrate this both objectively, using well-known visual shape metrics for retrieval and classification tasks that are independent from our new metric, and subjectively through a perceptual study. 
### 53.RIS-GAN: Explore Residual and Illumination with Generative Adversarial Networks for Shadow Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09178.pdf)
>  Residual images and illumination estimation have been proved very helpful in image enhancement. In this paper, we propose a general and novel framework RIS-GAN which explores residual and illumination with Generative Adversarial Networks for shadow removal. Combined with the coarse shadow-removal image, the estimated negative residual images and inverse illumination maps can be used to generate indirect shadow-removal images to refine the coarse shadow-removal result to the fine shadow-free image in a coarse-to-fine fashion. Three discriminators are designed to distinguish whether the predicted negative residual images, shadow-removal images, and the inverse illumination maps are real or fake jointly compared with the corresponding ground-truth information. To our best knowledge, we are the first one to explore residual and illumination for shadow removal. We evaluate our proposed method on two benchmark datasets, i.e., SRD and ISTD, and the extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed method achieves the superior performance to state-of-the-arts, although we have no particular shadow-aware components designed in our generators. 
### 54.Feature Extraction in Augmented Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09177.pdf)
>  Augmented Reality (AR) is used for various applications associated with the real world. In this paper, first, describe characteristics and essential services of AR. Brief history on Virtual Reality (VR) and AR is also mentioned in the introductory section. Then, AR Technologies along with its workflow is depicted, which includes the complete AR Process consisting of the stages of Image Acquisition, Feature Extraction, Feature Matching, Geometric Verification, and Associated Information Retrieval. Feature extraction is the essence of AR hence its details are furnished in the paper. 
### 55.AssemblyNet: A large ensemble of CNNs for 3D Whole Brain MRI Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.09098.pdf)
>  Whole brain segmentation using deep learning (DL) is a very challenging task since the number of anatomical labels is very high compared to the number of available training images. To address this problem, previous DL methods proposed to use a single convolution neural network (CNN) or few independent CNNs. In this paper, we present a novel ensemble method based on a large number of CNNs processing different overlapping brain areas. Inspired by parliamentary decision-making systems, we propose a framework called AssemblyNet, made of two "assemblies" of U-Nets. Such a parliamentary system is capable of dealing with complex decisions, unseen problem and reaching a consensus quickly. AssemblyNet introduces sharing of knowledge among neighboring U-Nets, an "amendment" procedure made by the second assembly at higher-resolution to refine the decision taken by the first one, and a final decision obtained by majority voting. During our validation, AssemblyNet showed competitive performance compared to state-of-the-art methods such as U-Net, Joint label fusion and SLANT. Moreover, we investigated the scan-rescan consistency and the robustness to disease effects of our method. These experiences demonstrated the reliability of AssemblyNet. Finally, we showed the interest of using semi-supervised learning to improve the performance of our method. 
### 56.Data Augmentation Revisited: Rethinking the Distribution Gap between Clean and Augmented Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09148.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has been widely applied as an effective methodology to improve generalization in particular when training deep neural networks. Recently, researchers proposed a few intensive data augmentation techniques, which indeed improved accuracy, yet we notice that these methods augment data have also caused a considerable gap between clean and augmented data. In this paper, we revisit this problem from an analytical perspective, for which we estimate the upper-bound of expected risk using two terms, namely, empirical risk and generalization error, respectively. We develop an understanding of data augmentation as regularization, which highlights the major features. As a result, data augmentation significantly reduces the generalization error, but meanwhile leads to a slightly higher empirical risk. On the assumption that data augmentation helps models converge to a better region, the model can benefit from a lower empirical risk achieved by a simple method, i.e., using less-augmented data to refine the model trained on fully-augmented data. Our approach achieves consistent accuracy gain on a few standard image classification benchmarks, and the gain transfers to object detection. 
