# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 2 Nov 2021
### 1.When Does Contrastive Learning Preserve Adversarial Robustness from Pretraining to Finetuning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01124.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning (CL) can learn generalizable feature representations and achieve the state-of-the-art performance of downstream tasks by finetuning a linear classifier on top of it. However, as adversarial robustness becomes vital in image classification, it remains unclear whether or not CL is able to preserve robustness to downstream tasks. The main challenge is that in the self-supervised pretraining + supervised finetuning paradigm, adversarial robustness is easily forgotten due to a learning task mismatch from pretraining to finetuning. We call such a challenge 'cross-task robustness transferability'. To address the above problem, in this paper we revisit and advance CL principles through the lens of robustness enhancement. We show that (1) the design of contrastive views matters: High-frequency components of images are beneficial to improving model robustness; (2) Augmenting CL with pseudo-supervision stimulus (e.g., resorting to feature clustering) helps preserve robustness without forgetting. Equipped with our new designs, we propose AdvCL, a novel adversarial contrastive pretraining framework. We show that AdvCL is able to enhance cross-task robustness transferability without loss of model accuracy and finetuning efficiency. With a thorough experimental study, we demonstrate that AdvCL outperforms the state-of-the-art self-supervised robust learning methods across multiple datasets (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and STL-10) and finetuning schemes (linear evaluation and full model finetuning).      
### 2.Rebooting ACGAN: Auxiliary Classifier GANs with Stable Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01118.pdf)
>  Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGAN) generate realistic images by incorporating class information into GAN. While one of the most popular cGANs is an auxiliary classifier GAN with softmax cross-entropy loss (ACGAN), it is widely known that training ACGAN is challenging as the number of classes in the dataset increases. ACGAN also tends to generate easily classifiable samples with a lack of diversity. In this paper, we introduce two cures for ACGAN. First, we identify that gradient exploding in the classifier can cause an undesirable collapse in early training, and projecting input vectors onto a unit hypersphere can resolve the problem. Second, we propose the Data-to-Data Cross-Entropy loss (D2D-CE) to exploit relational information in the class-labeled dataset. On this foundation, we propose the Rebooted Auxiliary Classifier Generative Adversarial Network (ReACGAN). The experimental results show that ReACGAN achieves state-of-the-art generation results on CIFAR10, Tiny-ImageNet, CUB200, and ImageNet datasets. We also verify that ReACGAN benefits from differentiable augmentations and that D2D-CE harmonizes with StyleGAN2 architecture. Model weights and a software package that provides implementations of representative cGANs and all experiments in our paper are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/POSTECH-CVLab/PyTorch-StudioGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.FREGAN : an application of generative adversarial networks in enhancing the frame rate of videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01105.pdf)
>  A digital video is a collection of individual frames, while streaming the video the scene utilized the time slice for each frame. High refresh rate and high frame rate is the demand of all high technology applications. The action tracking in videos becomes easier and motion becomes smoother in gaming applications due to the high refresh rate. It provides a faster response because of less time in between each frame that is displayed on the screen. FREGAN (Frame Rate Enhancement Generative Adversarial Network) model has been proposed, which predicts future frames of a video sequence based on a sequence of past frames. In this paper, we investigated the GAN model and proposed FREGAN for the enhancement of frame rate in videos. We have utilized Huber loss as a loss function in the proposed FREGAN. It provided excellent results in super-resolution and we have tried to reciprocate that performance in the application of frame rate enhancement. We have validated the effectiveness of the proposed model on the standard datasets (UCF101 and RFree500). The experimental outcomes illustrate that the proposed model has a Peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) of 34.94 and a Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) of 0.95.      
### 4.FaceScape: 3D Facial Dataset and Benchmark for Single-View 3D Face Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01082.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a large-scale detailed 3D face dataset, FaceScape, and the corresponding benchmark to evaluate single-view facial 3D reconstruction. By training on FaceScape data, a novel algorithm is proposed to predict elaborate riggable 3D face models from a single image input. FaceScape dataset provides 18,760 textured 3D faces, captured from 938 subjects and each with 20 specific expressions. The 3D models contain the pore-level facial geometry that is also processed to be topologically uniformed. These fine 3D facial models can be represented as a 3D morphable model for rough shapes and displacement maps for detailed geometry. Taking advantage of the large-scale and high-accuracy dataset, a novel algorithm is further proposed to learn the expression-specific dynamic details using a deep neural network. The learned relationship serves as the foundation of our 3D face prediction system from a single image input. Different than the previous methods, our predicted 3D models are riggable with highly detailed geometry under different expressions. We also use FaceScape data to generate the in-the-wild and in-the-lab benchmark to evaluate recent methods of single-view face reconstruction. The accuracy is reported and analyzed on the dimensions of camera pose and focal length, which provides a faithful and comprehensive evaluation and reveals new challenges. The unprecedented dataset, benchmark, and code have been released to the public for research purpose.      
### 5.MOST-GAN: 3D Morphable StyleGAN for Disentangled Face Image Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01048.pdf)
>  Recent advances in generative adversarial networks (GANs) have led to remarkable achievements in face image synthesis. While methods that use style-based GANs can generate strikingly photorealistic face images, it is often difficult to control the characteristics of the generated faces in a meaningful and disentangled way. Prior approaches aim to achieve such semantic control and disentanglement within the latent space of a previously trained GAN. In contrast, we propose a framework that a priori models physical attributes of the face such as 3D shape, albedo, pose, and lighting explicitly, thus providing disentanglement by design. Our method, MOST-GAN, integrates the expressive power and photorealism of style-based GANs with the physical disentanglement and flexibility of nonlinear 3D morphable models, which we couple with a state-of-the-art 2D hair manipulation network. MOST-GAN achieves photorealistic manipulation of portrait images with fully disentangled 3D control over their physical attributes, enabling extreme manipulation of lighting, facial expression, and pose variations up to full profile view.      
### 6.A Unified View of cGANs with and without Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01035.pdf)
>  Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs) are implicit generative models which allow to sample from class-conditional distributions. Existing cGANs are based on a wide range of different discriminator designs and training objectives. One popular design in earlier works is to include a classifier during training with the assumption that good classifiers can help eliminate samples generated with wrong classes. Nevertheless, including classifiers in cGANs often comes with a side effect of only generating easy-to-classify samples. Recently, some representative cGANs avoid the shortcoming and reach state-of-the-art performance without having classifiers. Somehow it remains unanswered whether the classifiers can be resurrected to design better cGANs. In this work, we demonstrate that classifiers can be properly leveraged to improve cGANs. We start by using the decomposition of the joint probability distribution to connect the goals of cGANs and classification as a unified framework. The framework, along with a classic energy model to parameterize distributions, justifies the use of classifiers for cGANs in a principled manner. It explains several popular cGAN variants, such as ACGAN, ProjGAN, and ContraGAN, as special cases with different levels of approximations, which provides a unified view and brings new insights to understanding cGANs. Experimental results demonstrate that the design inspired by the proposed framework outperforms state-of-the-art cGANs on multiple benchmark datasets, especially on the most challenging ImageNet. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sian-chen/PyTorch-ECGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Render In-between: Motion Guided Video Synthesis for Action Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01029.pdf)
>  Upsampling videos of human activity is an interesting yet challenging task with many potential applications ranging from gaming to entertainment and sports broadcasting. The main difficulty in synthesizing video frames in this setting stems from the highly complex and non-linear nature of human motion and the complex appearance and texture of the body. We propose to address these issues in a motion-guided frame-upsampling framework that is capable of producing realistic human motion and appearance. A novel motion model is trained to inference the non-linear skeletal motion between frames by leveraging a large-scale motion-capture dataset (AMASS). The high-frame-rate pose predictions are then used by a neural rendering pipeline to produce the full-frame output, taking the pose and background consistency into consideration. Our pipeline only requires low-frame-rate videos and unpaired human motion data but does not require high-frame-rate videos for training. Furthermore, we contribute the first evaluation dataset that consists of high-quality and high-frame-rate videos of human activities for this task. Compared with state-of-the-art video interpolation techniques, our method produces in-between frames with better quality and accuracy, which is evident by state-of-the-art results on pixel-level, distributional metrics and comparative user evaluations. Our code and the collected dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/Render-In-Between" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.Introspective Distillation for Robust Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01026.pdf)
>  Question answering (QA) models are well-known to exploit data bias, e.g., the language prior in visual QA and the position bias in reading comprehension. Recent debiasing methods achieve good out-of-distribution (OOD) generalizability with a considerable sacrifice of the in-distribution (ID) performance. Therefore, they are only applicable in domains where the test distribution is known in advance. In this paper, we present a novel debiasing method called Introspective Distillation (IntroD) to make the best of both worlds for QA. Our key technical contribution is to blend the inductive bias of OOD and ID by introspecting whether a training sample fits in the factual ID world or the counterfactual OOD one. Experiments on visual QA datasets VQA v2, VQA-CP, and reading comprehension dataset SQuAD demonstrate that our proposed IntroD maintains the competitive OOD performance compared to other debiasing methods, while sacrificing little or even achieving better ID performance compared to the non-debiasing ones.      
### 9.With a Little Help from my Temporal Context: Multimodal Egocentric Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01024.pdf)
>  In egocentric videos, actions occur in quick succession. We capitalise on the action's temporal context and propose a method that learns to attend to surrounding actions in order to improve recognition performance. To incorporate the temporal context, we propose a transformer-based multimodal model that ingests video and audio as input modalities, with an explicit language model providing action sequence context to enhance the predictions. We test our approach on EPIC-KITCHENS and EGTEA datasets reporting state-of-the-art performance. Our ablations showcase the advantage of utilising temporal context as well as incorporating audio input modality and language model to rescore predictions. Code and models at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ekazakos/MTCN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Projected GANs Converge Faster  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01007.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) produce high-quality images but are challenging to train. They need careful regularization, vast amounts of compute, and expensive hyper-parameter sweeps. We make significant headway on these issues by projecting generated and real samples into a fixed, pretrained feature space. Motivated by the finding that the discriminator cannot fully exploit features from deeper layers of the pretrained model, we propose a more effective strategy that mixes features across channels and resolutions. Our Projected GAN improves image quality, sample efficiency, and convergence speed. It is further compatible with resolutions of up to one Megapixel and advances the state-of-the-art Fréchet Inception Distance (FID) on twenty-two benchmark datasets. Importantly, Projected GANs match the previously lowest FIDs up to 40 times faster, cutting the wall-clock time from 5 days to less than 3 hours given the same computational resources.      
### 11.Improving Contrastive Learning on Imbalanced Seed Data via Open-World Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01004.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning approaches have achieved great success in learning visual representations with few labels of the target classes. That implies a tantalizing possibility of scaling them up beyond a curated "seed" benchmark, to incorporating more unlabeled images from the internet-scale external sources to enhance its performance. However, in practice, larger amount of unlabeled data will require more computing resources due to the bigger model size and longer training needed. Moreover, open-world unlabeled data usually follows an implicit long-tail class or attribute distribution, many of which also do not belong to the target classes. Blindly leveraging all unlabeled data hence can lead to the data imbalance as well as distraction issues. This motivates us to seek a principled approach to strategically select unlabeled data from an external source, in order to learn generalizable, balanced and diverse representations for relevant classes. In this work, we present an open-world unlabeled data sampling framework called Model-Aware K-center (MAK), which follows three simple principles: (1) tailness, which encourages sampling of examples from tail classes, by sorting the empirical contrastive loss expectation (ECLE) of samples over random data augmentations; (2) proximity, which rejects the out-of-distribution outliers that may distract training; and (3) diversity, which ensures diversity in the set of sampled examples. Empirically, using ImageNet-100-LT (without labels) as the seed dataset and two "noisy" external data sources, we demonstrate that MAK can consistently improve both the overall representation quality and the class balancedness of the learned features, as evaluated via linear classifier evaluation on full-shot and few-shot settings. The code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/MAK" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 12.Sign-to-Speech Model for Sign Language Understanding: A Case Study of Nigerian Sign Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00995.pdf)
>  Through this paper, we seek to reduce the communication barrier between the hearing-impaired community and the larger society who are usually not familiar with sign language in the sub-Saharan region of Africa with the largest occurrences of hearing disability cases, while using Nigeria as a case study. The dataset is a pioneer dataset for the Nigerian Sign Language and was created in collaboration with relevant stakeholders. We pre-processed the data in readiness for two different object detection models and a classification model and employed diverse evaluation metrics to gauge model performance on sign-language to text conversion tasks. Finally, we convert the predicted sign texts to speech and deploy the best performing model in a lightweight application that works in real-time and achieves impressive results converting sign words/phrases to text and subsequently, into speech.      
### 13.Egocentric Human Trajectory Forecasting with a Wearable Camera and Multi-Modal Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00993.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of forecasting the trajectory of an egocentric camera wearer (ego-person) in crowded spaces. The trajectory forecasting ability learned from the data of different camera wearers walking around in the real world can be transferred to assist visually impaired people in navigation, as well as to instill human navigation behaviours in mobile robots, enabling better human-robot interactions. To this end, a novel egocentric human trajectory forecasting dataset was constructed, containing real trajectories of people navigating in crowded spaces wearing a camera, as well as extracted rich contextual data. We extract and utilize three different modalities to forecast the trajectory of the camera wearer, i.e., his/her past trajectory, the past trajectories of nearby people, and the environment such as the scene semantics or the depth of the scene. A Transformer-based encoder-decoder neural network model, integrated with a novel cascaded cross-attention mechanism that fuses multiple modalities, has been designed to predict the future trajectory of the camera wearer. Extensive experiments have been conducted, and the results have shown that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in egocentric human trajectory forecasting.      
### 14.Generative Occupancy Fields for 3D Surface-Aware Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00969.pdf)
>  The advent of generative radiance fields has significantly promoted the development of 3D-aware image synthesis. The cumulative rendering process in radiance fields makes training these generative models much easier since gradients are distributed over the entire volume, but leads to diffused object surfaces. In the meantime, compared to radiance fields occupancy representations could inherently ensure deterministic surfaces. However, if we directly apply occupancy representations to generative models, during training they will only receive sparse gradients located on object surfaces and eventually suffer from the convergence problem. In this paper, we propose Generative Occupancy Fields (GOF), a novel model based on generative radiance fields that can learn compact object surfaces without impeding its training convergence. The key insight of GOF is a dedicated transition from the cumulative rendering in radiance fields to rendering with only the surface points as the learned surface gets more and more accurate. In this way, GOF combines the merits of two representations in a unified framework. In practice, the training-time transition of start from radiance fields and march to occupancy representations is achieved in GOF by gradually shrinking the sampling region in its rendering process from the entire volume to a minimal neighboring region around the surface. Through comprehensive experiments on multiple datasets, we demonstrate that GOF can synthesize high-quality images with 3D consistency and simultaneously learn compact and smooth object surfaces. Code, models, and demo videos are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sheldontsui.github.io/projects/GOF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 15.VPFNet: Voxel-Pixel Fusion Network for Multi-class 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00966.pdf)
>  Many LiDAR-based methods for detecting large objects, single-class object detection, or under easy situations were claimed to perform quite well. However, their performances of detecting small objects or under hard situations did not surpass those of the fusion-based ones due to failure to leverage the image semantics. In order to elevate the detection performance in a complicated environment, this paper proposes a deep learning (DL)-embedded fusion-based multi-class 3D object detection network which admits both LiDAR and camera sensor data streams, named Voxel-Pixel Fusion Network (VPFNet). Inside this network, a key novel component is called Voxel-Pixel Fusion (VPF) layer, which takes advantage of the geometric relation of a voxel-pixel pair and fuses the voxel features and the pixel features with proper mechanisms. Moreover, several parameters are particularly designed to guide and enhance the fusion effect after considering the characteristics of a voxel-pixel pair. Finally, the proposed method is evaluated on the KITTI benchmark for multi-class 3D object detection task under multilevel difficulty, and is shown to outperform all state-of-the-art methods in mean average precision (mAP). It is also noteworthy that our approach here ranks the first on the KITTI leaderboard for the challenging pedestrian class.      
### 16.Higher-Order Implicit Fairing Networks for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00950.pdf)
>  Estimating a 3D human pose has proven to be a challenging task, primarily because of the complexity of the human body joints, occlusions, and variability in lighting conditions. In this paper, we introduce a higher-order graph convolutional framework with initial residual connections for 2D-to-3D pose estimation. Using multi-hop neighborhoods for node feature aggregation, our model is able to capture the long-range dependencies between body joints. Moreover, our approach leverages residual connections, which are integrated by design in our network architecture, ensuring that the learned feature representations retain important information from the initial features of the input layer as the network depth increases. Experiments and ablations studies conducted on two standard benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our model, achieving superior performance over strong baseline methods for 3D human pose estimation.      
### 17.SVBRDF Recovery From a Single Image With Highlights using a Pretrained Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00943.pdf)
>  Spatially-varying bi-directional reflectance distribution functions (SVBRDFs) are crucial for designers to incorporate new materials in virtual scenes, making them look more realistic. Reconstruction of SVBRDFs is a long-standing problem. Existing methods either rely on extensive acquisition system or require huge datasets which are nontrivial to acquire. We aim to recover SVBRDFs from a single image, without any datasets. A single image contains incomplete information about the SVBRDF, making the reconstruction task highly ill-posed. It is also difficult to separate between the changes in color that are caused by the material and those caused by the illumination, without the prior knowledge learned from the dataset. In this paper, we use an unsupervised generative adversarial neural network (GAN) to recover SVBRDFs maps with a single image as input. To better separate the effects due to illumination from the effects due to the material, we add the hypothesis that the material is stationary and introduce a new loss function based on Fourier coefficients to enforce this stationarity. For efficiency, we train the network in two stages: reusing a trained model to initialize the SVBRDFs and fine-tune it based on the input image. Our method generates high-quality SVBRDFs maps from a single input photograph, and provides more vivid rendering results compared to previous work. The two-stage training boosts runtime performance, making it 8 times faster than previous work.      
### 18.Turning Traffic Monitoring Cameras into Intelligent Sensors for Traffic Density Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00941.pdf)
>  Accurate traffic state information plays a pivotal role in the Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS), and it is an essential input to various smart mobility applications such as signal coordination and traffic flow prediction. The current practice to obtain the traffic state information is through specialized sensors such as loop detectors and speed cameras. In most metropolitan areas, traffic monitoring cameras have been installed to monitor the traffic conditions on arterial roads and expressways, and the collected videos or images are mainly used for visual inspection by traffic engineers. Unfortunately, the data collected from traffic monitoring cameras are affected by the 4L characteristics: Low frame rate, Low resolution, Lack of annotated data, and Located in complex road environments. Therefore, despite the great potentials of the traffic monitoring cameras, the 4L characteristics hinder them from providing useful traffic state information (e.g., speed, flow, density). This paper focuses on the traffic density estimation problem as it is widely applicable to various traffic surveillance systems. To the best of our knowledge, there is a lack of the holistic framework for addressing the 4L characteristics and extracting the traffic density information from traffic monitoring camera data. In view of this, this paper proposes a framework for estimating traffic density using uncalibrated traffic monitoring cameras with 4L characteristics. The proposed framework consists of two major components: camera calibration and vehicle detection. The camera calibration method estimates the actual length between pixels in the images and videos, and the vehicle counts are extracted from the deep-learning-based vehicle detection method. Combining the two components, high-granular traffic density can be estimated. To validate the proposed framework, two case studies were conducted in Hong Kong and Sacramento. The results show that the Mean Absolute Error (MAE) in camera calibration is less than 0.2 meters out of 6 meters, and the accuracy of vehicle detection under various conditions is approximately 90%. Overall, the MAE for the estimated density is 9.04 veh/km/lane in Hong Kong and 1.30 veh/km/lane in Sacramento. The research outcomes can be used to calibrate the speed-density fundamental diagrams, and the proposed framework can provide accurate and real-time traffic information without installing additional sensors.      
### 19.Structure Information is the Key: Self-Attention RoI Feature Extractor in 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00931.pdf)
>  Unlike 2D object detection where all RoI features come from grid pixels, the RoI feature extraction of 3D point cloud object detection is more diverse. In this paper, we first compare and analyze the differences in structure and performance between the two state-of-the-art models PV-RCNN and Voxel-RCNN. Then, we find that the performance gap between the two models does not come from point information, but structural information. The voxel features contain more structural information because they do quantization instead of downsampling to point cloud so that they can contain basically the complete information of the whole point cloud. The stronger structural information in voxel features makes the detector have higher performance in our experiments even if the voxel features don't have accurate location information. Then, we propose that structural information is the key to 3D object detection. Based on the above conclusion, we propose a Self-Attention RoI Feature Extractor (SARFE) to enhance structural information of the feature extracted from 3D proposals. SARFE is a plug-and-play module that can be easily used on existing 3D detectors. Our SARFE is evaluated on both KITTI dataset and Waymo Open dataset. With the newly introduced SARFE, we improve the performance of the state-of-the-art 3D detectors by a large margin in cyclist on KITTI dataset while keeping real-time capability.      
### 20.Combating Noise: Semi-supervised Learning by Region Uncertainty Quantification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00928.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning aims to leverage a large amount of unlabeled data for performance boosting. Existing works primarily focus on image classification. In this paper, we delve into semi-supervised learning for object detection, where labeled data are more labor-intensive to collect. Current methods are easily distracted by noisy regions generated by pseudo labels. To combat the noisy labeling, we propose noise-resistant semi-supervised learning by quantifying the region uncertainty. We first investigate the adverse effects brought by different forms of noise associated with pseudo labels. Then we propose to quantify the uncertainty of regions by identifying the noise-resistant properties of regions over different strengths. By importing the region uncertainty quantification and promoting multipeak probability distribution output, we introduce uncertainty into training and further achieve noise-resistant learning. Experiments on both PASCAL VOC and MS COCO demonstrate the extraordinary performance of our method.      
### 21.DFCANet: Dense Feature Calibration-Attention Guided Network for Cross Domain Iris Presentation Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00919.pdf)
>  An iris presentation attack detection (IPAD) is essential for securing personal identity is widely used iris recognition systems. However, the existing IPAD algorithms do not generalize well to unseen and cross-domain scenarios because of capture in unconstrained environments and high visual correlation amongst bonafide and attack samples. These similarities in intricate textural and morphological patterns of iris ocular images contribute further to performance degradation. To alleviate these shortcomings, this paper proposes DFCANet: Dense Feature Calibration and Attention Guided Network which calibrates the locally spread iris patterns with the globally located ones. Uplifting advantages from feature calibration convolution and residual learning, DFCANet generates domain-specific iris feature representations. Since some channels in the calibrated feature maps contain more prominent information, we capitalize discriminative feature learning across the channels through the channel attention mechanism. In order to intensify the challenge for our proposed model, we make DFCANet operate over nonsegmented and non-normalized ocular iris images. Extensive experimentation conducted over challenging cross-domain and intra-domain scenarios highlights consistent outperforming results. Compared to state-of-the-art methods, DFCANet achieves significant gains in performance for the benchmark IIITD CLI, IIIT CSD and NDCLD13 databases respectively. Further, a novel incremental learning-based methodology has been introduced so as to overcome disentangled iris-data characteristics and data scarcity. This paper also pursues the challenging scenario that considers soft-lens under the attack category with evaluation performed under various cross-domain protocols. The code will be made publicly available.      
### 22.Smart Fashion: A Review of AI Applications in the Fashion &amp; Apparel Industry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00905.pdf)
>  The fashion industry is on the verge of an unprecedented change. The implementation of machine learning, computer vision, and artificial intelligence (AI) in fashion applications is opening lots of new opportunities for this industry. This paper provides a comprehensive survey on this matter, categorizing more than 580 related articles into 22 well-defined fashion-related tasks. Such structured task-based multi-label classification of fashion research articles provides researchers with explicit research directions and facilitates their access to the related studies, improving the visibility of studies simultaneously. For each task, a time chart is provided to analyze the progress through the years. Furthermore, we provide a list of 86 public fashion datasets accompanied by a list of suggested applications and additional information for each.      
### 23.PP-PicoDet: A Better Real-Time Object Detector on Mobile Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00902.pdf)
>  The better accuracy and efficiency trade-off has been a challenging problem in object detection. In this work, we are dedicated to studying key optimizations and neural network architecture choices for object detection to improve accuracy and efficiency. We investigate the applicability of the anchor-free strategy on lightweight object detection models. We enhance the backbone structure and design the lightweight structure of the neck, which improves the feature extraction ability of the network. We improve label assignment strategy and loss function to make training more stable and efficient. Through these optimizations, we create a new family of real-time object detectors, named PP-PicoDet, which achieves superior performance on object detection for mobile devices. Our models achieve better trade-offs between accuracy and latency compared to other popular models. PicoDet-S with only 0.99M parameters achieves 30.6% mAP, which is an absolute 4.8% improvement in mAP while reducing mobile CPU inference latency by 55% compared to YOLOX-Nano, and is an absolute 7.1% improvement in mAP compared to NanoDet. It reaches 123 FPS (150 FPS using Paddle Lite) on mobile ARM CPU when the input size is 320. PicoDet-L with only 3.3M parameters achieves 40.9% mAP, which is an absolute 3.7% improvement in mAP and 44% faster than YOLOv5s. As shown in Figure 1, our models far outperform the state-of-the-art results for lightweight object detection. Code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleDetection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Equivariant Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00899.pdf)
>  In state-of-the-art self-supervised learning (SSL) pre-training produces semantically good representations by encouraging them to be invariant under meaningful transformations prescribed from human knowledge. In fact, the property of invariance is a trivial instance of a broader class called equivariance, which can be intuitively understood as the property that representations transform according to the way the inputs transform. Here, we show that rather than using only invariance, pre-training that encourages non-trivial equivariance to some transformations, while maintaining invariance to other transformations, can be used to improve the semantic quality of representations. Specifically, we extend popular SSL methods to a more general framework which we name Equivariant Self-Supervised Learning (E-SSL). In E-SSL, a simple additional pre-training objective encourages equivariance by predicting the transformations applied to the input. We demonstrate E-SSL's effectiveness empirically on several popular computer vision benchmarks. Furthermore, we demonstrate usefulness of E-SSL for applications beyond computer vision; in particular, we show its utility on regression problems in photonics science. We will release our code.      
### 25.Hierarchical Image Classification with A Literally Toy Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00892.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) in image classification remains a big challenge. In existing UDA image dataset, classes are usually organized in a flattened way, where a plain classifier can be trained. Yet in some scenarios, the flat categories originate from some base classes. For example, buggies belong to the class bird. We define the classification task where classes have characteristics above and the flat classes and the base classes are organized hierarchically as hierarchical image classification. Intuitively, leveraging such hierarchical structure will benefit hierarchical image classification, e.g., two easily confusing classes may belong to entirely different base classes. In this paper, we improve the performance of classification by fusing features learned from a hierarchy of labels. Specifically, we train feature extractors supervised by hierarchical labels and with UDA technology, which will output multiple features for an input image. The features are subsequently concatenated to predict the finest-grained class. This study is conducted with a new dataset named Lego-15. Consisting of synthetic images and real images of the Lego bricks, the Lego-15 dataset contains 15 classes of bricks. Each class originates from a coarse-level label and a middle-level label. For example, class "85080" is associated with bricks (coarse) and bricks round (middle). In this dataset, we demonstrate that our method brings about consistent improvement over the baseline in UDA in hierarchical image classification. Extensive ablation and variant studies provide insights into the new dataset and the investigated algorithm.      
### 26.Benchmarks for Corruption Invariant Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00880.pdf)
>  When deploying person re-identification (ReID) model in safety-critical applications, it is pivotal to understanding the robustness of the model against a diverse array of image corruptions. However, current evaluations of person ReID only consider the performance on clean datasets and ignore images in various corrupted scenarios. In this work, we comprehensively establish six ReID benchmarks for learning corruption invariant representation. In the field of ReID, we are the first to conduct an exhaustive study on corruption invariant learning in single- and cross-modality datasets, including Market-1501, CUHK03, MSMT17, RegDB, SYSU-MM01. After reproducing and examining the robustness performance of 21 recent ReID methods, we have some observations: 1) transformer-based models are more robust towards corrupted images, compared with CNN-based models, 2) increasing the probability of random erasing (a commonly used augmentation method) hurts model corruption robustness, 3) cross-dataset generalization improves with corruption robustness increases. By analyzing the above observations, we propose a strong baseline on both single- and cross-modality ReID datasets which achieves improved robustness against diverse corruptions. Our codes are available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MinghuiChen43/CIL-ReID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.DetectorNet: Transformer-enhanced Spatial Temporal Graph Neural Network for Traffic Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00869.pdf)
>  Detectors with high coverage have direct and far-reaching benefits for road users in route planning and avoiding traffic congestion, but utilizing these data presents unique challenges including: the dynamic temporal correlation, and the dynamic spatial correlation caused by changes in road conditions. Although the existing work considers the significance of modeling with spatial-temporal correlation, what it has learned is still a static road network structure, which cannot reflect the dynamic changes of roads, and eventually loses much valuable potential information. To address these challenges, we propose DetectorNet enhanced by Transformer. Differs from previous studies, our model contains a Multi-view Temporal Attention module and a Dynamic Attention module, which focus on the long-distance and short-distance temporal correlation, and dynamic spatial correlation by dynamically updating the learned knowledge respectively, so as to make accurate prediction. In addition, the experimental results on two public datasets and the comparison results of four ablation experiments proves that the performance of DetectorNet is better than the eleven advanced baselines.      
### 28.MEmoBERT: Pre-training Model with Prompt-based Learning for Multimodal Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00865.pdf)
>  Multimodal emotion recognition study is hindered by the lack of labelled corpora in terms of scale and diversity, due to the high annotation cost and label ambiguity. In this paper, we propose a pre-training model \textbf{MEmoBERT} for multimodal emotion recognition, which learns multimodal joint representations through self-supervised learning from large-scale unlabeled video data that come in sheer volume. Furthermore, unlike the conventional "pre-train, finetune" paradigm, we propose a prompt-based method that reformulates the downstream emotion classification task as a masked text prediction one, bringing the downstream task closer to the pre-training. Extensive experiments on two benchmark datasets, IEMOCAP and MSP-IMPROV, show that our proposed MEmoBERT significantly enhances emotion recognition performance.      
### 29.A Frequency Perspective of Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00861.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples pose a unique challenge for deep learning systems. Despite recent advances in both attacks and defenses, there is still a lack of clarity and consensus in the community about the true nature and underlying properties of adversarial examples. A deep understanding of these examples can provide new insights towards the development of more effective attacks and defenses. Driven by the common misconception that adversarial examples are high-frequency noise, we present a frequency-based understanding of adversarial examples, supported by theoretical and empirical findings. Our analysis shows that adversarial examples are neither in high-frequency nor in low-frequency components, but are simply dataset dependent. Particularly, we highlight the glaring disparities between models trained on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet-derived datasets. Utilizing this framework, we analyze many intriguing properties of training robust models with frequency constraints, and propose a frequency-based explanation for the commonly observed accuracy vs. robustness trade-off.      
### 30.LSTA-Net: Long short-term Spatio-Temporal Aggregation Network for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00823.pdf)
>  Modelling various spatio-temporal dependencies is the key to recognising human actions in skeleton sequences. Most existing methods excessively relied on the design of traversal rules or graph topologies to draw the dependencies of the dynamic joints, which is inadequate to reflect the relationships of the distant yet important joints. Furthermore, due to the locally adopted operations, the important long-range temporal information is therefore not well explored in existing works. To address this issue, in this work we propose LSTA-Net: a novel Long short-term Spatio-Temporal Aggregation Network, which can effectively capture the long/short-range dependencies in a spatio-temporal manner. We devise our model into a pure factorised architecture which can alternately perform spatial feature aggregation and temporal feature aggregation. To improve the feature aggregation effect, a channel-wise attention mechanism is also designed and employed. Extensive experiments were conducted on three public benchmark datasets, and the results suggest that our approach can capture both long-and-short range dependencies in the space and time domain, yielding higher results than other state-of-the-art methods. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tailin1009/LSTA-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Livestock Monitoring with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00801.pdf)
>  Tracking the behaviour of livestock enables early detection and thus prevention of contagious diseases in modern animal farms. Apart from economic gains, this would reduce the amount of antibiotics used in livestock farming which otherwise enters the human diet exasperating the epidemic of antibiotic resistance - a leading cause of death. We could use standard video cameras, available in most modern farms, to monitor livestock. However, most computer vision algorithms perform poorly on this task, primarily because, (i) animals bred in farms look identical, lacking any obvious spatial signature, (ii) none of the existing trackers are robust for long duration, and (iii) real-world conditions such as changing illumination, frequent occlusion, varying camera angles, and sizes of the animals make it hard for models to generalize. Given these challenges, we develop an end-to-end behaviour monitoring system for group-housed pigs to perform simultaneous instance level segmentation, tracking, action recognition and re-identification (STAR) tasks. We present starformer, the first end-to-end multiple-object livestock monitoring framework that learns instance-level embeddings for grouped pigs through the use of transformer architecture. For benchmarking, we present Pigtrace, a carefully curated dataset comprising video sequences with instance level bounding box, segmentation, tracking and activity classification of pigs in real indoor farming environment. Using simultaneous optimization on STAR tasks we show that starformer outperforms popular baseline models trained for individual tasks.      
### 32.Geodesic Models with Convexity Shape Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00794.pdf)
>  The minimal geodesic models based on the Eikonal equations are capable of finding suitable solutions in various image segmentation scenarios. Existing geodesic-based segmentation approaches usually exploit image features in conjunction with geometric regularization terms, such as Euclidean curve length or curvature-penalized length, for computing geodesic curves. In this paper, we take into account a more complicated problem: finding curvature-penalized geodesic paths with a convexity shape prior. We establish new geodesic models relying on the strategy of orientation-lifting, by which a planar curve can be mapped to an high-dimensional orientation-dependent space. The convexity shape prior serves as a constraint for the construction of local geodesic metrics encoding a particular curvature constraint. Then the geodesic distances and the corresponding closed geodesic paths in the orientation-lifted space can be efficiently computed through state-of-the-art Hamiltonian fast marching method. In addition, we apply the proposed geodesic models to the active contours, leading to efficient interactive image segmentation algorithms that preserve the advantages of convexity shape prior and curvature penalization.      
### 33.Learning Event-based Spatio-Temporal Feature Descriptors via Local Synaptic Plasticity: A Biologically-realistic Perspective of Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00791.pdf)
>  We present an optimization-based theory describing spiking cortical ensembles equipped with Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity (STDP) learning, as empirically observed in the visual cortex. Using our methods, we build a class of fully-connected, convolutional and action-based feature descriptors for event-based camera that we respectively assess on N-MNIST, challenging CIFAR10-DVS and on the IBM DVS128 gesture dataset. We report significant accuracy improvements compared to conventional state-of-the-art event-based feature descriptors (+8% on CIFAR10-DVS). We report large improvements in accuracy compared to state-of-the-art STDP-based systems (+10% on N-MNIST, +7.74% on IBM DVS128 Gesture). In addition to ultra-low-power learning in neuromorphic edge devices, our work helps paving the way towards a biologically-realistic, optimization-based theory of cortical vision.      
### 34.PP-ShiTu: A Practical Lightweight Image Recognition System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00775.pdf)
>  In recent years, image recognition applications have developed rapidly. A large number of studies and techniques have emerged in different fields, such as face recognition, pedestrian and vehicle re-identification, landmark retrieval, and product recognition. In this paper, we propose a practical lightweight image recognition system, named PP-ShiTu, consisting of the following 3 modules, mainbody detection, feature extraction and vector search. We introduce popular strategies including metric learning, deep hash, knowledge distillation and model quantization to improve accuracy and inference speed. With strategies above, PP-ShiTu works well in different scenarios with a set of models trained on a mixed dataset. Experiments on different datasets and benchmarks show that the system is widely effective in different domains of image recognition. All the above mentioned models are open-sourced and the code is available in the GitHub repository PaddleClas on PaddlePaddle.      
### 35.AdaPool: Exponential Adaptive Pooling for Information-Retaining Downsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00772.pdf)
>  Pooling layers are essential building blocks of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) that reduce computational overhead and increase the receptive fields of proceeding convolutional operations. They aim to produce downsampled volumes that closely resemble the input volume while, ideally, also being computationally and memory efficient. It is a challenge to meet both requirements jointly. To this end, we propose an adaptive and exponentially weighted pooling method named adaPool. Our proposed method uses a parameterized fusion of two sets of pooling kernels that are based on the exponent of the Dice-Sorensen coefficient and the exponential maximum, respectively. A key property of adaPool is its bidirectional nature. In contrast to common pooling methods, weights can be used to upsample a downsampled activation map. We term this method adaUnPool. We demonstrate how adaPool improves the preservation of detail through a range of tasks including image and video classification and object detection. We then evaluate adaUnPool on image and video frame super-resolution and frame interpolation tasks. For benchmarking, we introduce Inter4K, a novel high-quality, high frame-rate video dataset. Our combined experiments demonstrate that adaPool systematically achieves better results across tasks and backbone architectures, while introducing a minor additional computational and memory overhead.      
### 36.Dense Prediction with Attentive Feature Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00770.pdf)
>  Aggregating information from features across different layers is an essential operation for dense prediction models. Despite its limited expressiveness, feature concatenation dominates the choice of aggregation operations. In this paper, we introduce Attentive Feature Aggregation (AFA) to fuse different network layers with more expressive non-linear operations. AFA exploits both spatial and channel attention to compute weighted average of the layer activations. Inspired by neural volume rendering, we extend AFA with Scale-Space Rendering (SSR) to perform late fusion of multi-scale predictions. AFA is applicable to a wide range of existing network designs. Our experiments show consistent and significant improvements on challenging semantic segmentation benchmarks, including Cityscapes, BDD100K, and Mapillary Vistas, at negligible computational and parameter overhead. In particular, AFA improves the performance of the Deep Layer Aggregation (DLA) model by nearly 6% mIoU on Cityscapes. Our experimental analyses show that AFA learns to progressively refine segmentation maps and to improve boundary details, leading to new state-of-the-art results on boundary detection benchmarks on BSDS500 and NYUDv2. Code and video resources are available at http://vis.xyz/pub/dla-afa.      
### 37.Monocular 3D Reconstruction of Interacting Hands via Collision-Aware Factorized Refinements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00763.pdf)
>  3D interacting hand reconstruction is essential to facilitate human-machine interaction and human behaviors understanding. Previous works in this field either rely on auxiliary inputs such as depth images or they can only handle a single hand if monocular single RGB images are used. Single-hand methods tend to generate collided hand meshes, when applied to closely interacting hands, since they cannot model the interactions between two hands explicitly. In this paper, we make the first attempt to reconstruct 3D interacting hands from monocular single RGB images. Our method can generate 3D hand meshes with both precise 3D poses and minimal collisions. This is made possible via a two-stage framework. Specifically, the first stage adopts a convolutional neural network to generate coarse predictions that tolerate collisions but encourage pose-accurate hand meshes. The second stage progressively ameliorates the collisions through a series of factorized refinements while retaining the preciseness of 3D poses. We carefully investigate potential implementations for the factorized refinement, considering the trade-off between efficiency and accuracy. Extensive quantitative and qualitative results on large-scale datasets such as InterHand2.6M demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.      
### 38.Few-shot learning with improved local representations via bias rectify module  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00754.pdf)
>  Recent approaches based on metric learning have achieved great progress in few-shot learning. However, most of them are limited to image-level representation manners, which fail to properly deal with the intra-class variations and spatial knowledge and thus produce undesirable performance. In this paper we propose a Deep Bias Rectify Network (DBRN) to fully exploit the spatial information that exists in the structure of the feature representations. We first employ a bias rectify module to alleviate the adverse impact caused by the intra-class variations. bias rectify module is able to focus on the features that are more discriminative for classification by given different weights. To make full use of the training data, we design a prototype augment mechanism that can make the prototypes generated from the support set to be more representative. To validate the effectiveness of our method, we conducted extensive experiments on various popular few-shot classification benchmarks and our methods can outperform state-of-the-art methods.      
### 39.Learning Iterative Robust Transformation Synchronization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00728.pdf)
>  Transformation Synchronization is the problem of recovering absolute transformations from a given set of pairwise relative motions. Despite its usefulness, the problem remains challenging due to the influences from noisy and outlier relative motions, and the difficulty to model analytically and suppress them with high fidelity. In this work, we avoid handcrafting robust loss functions, and propose to use graph neural networks (GNNs) to learn transformation synchronization. Unlike previous works which use complicated multi-stage pipelines, we use an iterative approach where each step consists of a single weight-shared message passing layer that refines the absolute poses from the previous iteration by predicting an incremental update in the tangent space. To reduce the influence of outliers, the messages are weighted before aggregation. Our iterative approach alleviates the need for an explicit initialization step and performs well with identity initial poses. Although our approach is simple, we show that it performs favorably against existing handcrafted and learned synchronization methods through experiments on both SO(3) and SE(3) synchronization.      
### 40.RMNet: Equivalently Removing Residual Connection from Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00687.pdf)
>  Although residual connection enables training very deep neural networks, it is not friendly for online inference due to its multi-branch topology. This encourages many researchers to work on designing DNNs without residual connections at inference. For example, RepVGG re-parameterizes multi-branch topology to a VGG-like (single-branch) model when deploying, showing great performance when the network is relatively shallow. However, RepVGG can not transform ResNet to VGG equivalently because re-parameterizing methods can only be applied to linear blocks and the non-linear layers (ReLU) have to be put outside of the residual connection which results in limited representation ability, especially for deeper networks. In this paper, we aim to remedy this problem and propose to remove the residual connection in a vanilla ResNet equivalently by a reserving and merging (RM) operation on ResBlock. Specifically, the RM operation allows input feature maps to pass through the block while reserving their information and merges all the information at the end of each block, which can remove residual connections without changing the original output. As a plug-in method, RM Operation basically has three advantages: 1) its implementation makes it naturally friendly for high ratio network pruning. 2) it helps break the depth limitation of RepVGG. 3) it leads to better accuracy-speed trade-off network (RMNet) compared to ResNet and RepVGG. We believe the ideology of RM Operation can inspire many insights on model design for the community in the future. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fxmeng/RMNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Distilling Object Detectors with Feature Richness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00674.pdf)
>  In recent years, large-scale deep models have achieved great success, but the huge computational complexity and massive storage requirements make it a great challenge to deploy them in resource-limited devices. As a model compression and acceleration method, knowledge distillation effectively improves the performance of small models by transferring the dark knowledge from the teacher detector. However, most of the existing distillation-based detection methods mainly imitating features near bounding boxes, which suffer from two limitations. First, they ignore the beneficial features outside the bounding boxes. Second, these methods imitate some features which are mistakenly regarded as the background by the teacher detector. To address the above issues, we propose a novel Feature-Richness Score (FRS) method to choose important features that improve generalized detectability during distilling. The proposed method effectively retrieves the important features outside the bounding boxes and removes the detrimental features within the bounding boxes. Extensive experiments show that our methods achieve excellent performance on both anchor-based and anchor-free detectors. For example, RetinaNet with ResNet-50 achieves 39.7% in mAP on the COCO2017 dataset, which even surpasses the ResNet-101 based teacher detector 38.9% by 0.8%.      
### 42.Evaluation of Human and Machine Face Detection using a Novel Distinctive Human Appearance Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00660.pdf)
>  Face detection is a long-standing challenge in the field of computer vision, with the ultimate goal being to accurately localize human faces in an unconstrained environment. There are significant technical hurdles in making these systems accurate due to confounding factors related to pose, image resolution, illumination, occlusion, and viewpoint [44]. That being said, with recent developments in machine learning, face-detection systems have achieved extraordinary accuracy, largely built on data-driven deep-learning models [70]. Though encouraging, a critical aspect that limits face-detection performance and social responsibility of deployed systems is the inherent diversity of human appearance. Every human appearance reflects something unique about a person, including their heritage, identity, experiences, and visible manifestations of self-expression. However, there are questions about how well face-detection systems perform when faced with varying face size and shape, skin color, body modification, and body ornamentation. Towards this goal, we collected the Distinctive Human Appearance dataset, an image set that represents appearances with low frequency and that tend to be undersampled in face datasets. Then, we evaluated current state-of-the-art face-detection models in their ability to detect faces in these images. The evaluation results show that face-detection algorithms do not generalize well to these diverse appearances. Evaluating and characterizing the state of current face-detection models will accelerate research and development towards creating fairer and more accurate face-detection systems.      
### 43.Feature Aggregation and Refinement Network for 2D AnatomicalLandmark Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00659.pdf)
>  Localization of anatomical landmarks is essential for clinical diagnosis, treatment planning, and research. In this paper, we propose a novel deep network, named feature aggregation and refinement network (FARNet), for the automatic detection of anatomical landmarks. To alleviate the problem of limited training data in the medical domain, our network adopts a deep network pre-trained on natural images as the backbone network and several popular networks have been compared. Our FARNet also includes a multi-scale feature aggregation module for multi-scale feature fusion and a feature refinement module for high-resolution heatmap regression. Coarse-to-fine supervisions are applied to the two modules to facilitate the end-to-end training. We further propose a novel loss function named Exponential Weighted Center loss for accurate heatmap regression, which focuses on the losses from the pixels near landmarks and suppresses the ones from far away. Our network has been evaluated on three publicly available anatomical landmark detection datasets, including cephalometric radiographs, hand radiographs, and spine radiographs, and achieves state-of-art performances on all three datasets. Code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JuvenileInWind/FARNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 44.TriVoC: Efficient Voting-based Consensus Maximization for Robust Point Cloud Registration with Extreme Outlier Ratios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00657.pdf)
>  Correspondence-based point cloud registration is a cornerstone in robotics perception and computer vision, which seeks to estimate the best rigid transformation aligning two point clouds from the putative correspondences. However, due to the limited robustness of 3D keypoint matching approaches, outliers, probably in large numbers, are prone to exist among the correspondences, which makes robust registration methods imperative. Unfortunately, existing robust methods have their own limitations (e.g. high computational cost or limited robustness) when facing high or extreme outlier ratios, probably unsuitable for practical use. In this paper, we present a novel, fast, deterministic and guaranteed robust solver, named TriVoC (Triple-layered Voting with Consensus maximization), for the robust registration problem. We decompose the selecting of the minimal 3-point sets into 3 consecutive layers, and in each layer we design an efficient voting and correspondence sorting framework on the basis of the pairwise equal-length constraint. In this manner, the 3-point sets can be selected independently from the reduced correspondence sets according to the sorted sequence, which can significantly lower the computational cost and meanwhile provide a strong guarantee to achieve the largest consensus set (as the final inlier set) as long as a probabilistic termination condition is fulfilled. Varied experiments show that our solver TriVoC is robust against up to 99% outliers, highly accurate, time-efficient even with extreme outlier ratios, and also practical for real-world applications, showing performance superior to other state-of-the-art competitors.      
### 45.Accurate Point Cloud Registration with Robust Optimal Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00648.pdf)
>  This work investigates the use of robust optimal transport (OT) for shape matching. Specifically, we show that recent OT solvers improve both optimization-based and deep learning methods for point cloud registration, boosting accuracy at an affordable computational cost. This manuscript starts with a practical overview of modern OT theory. We then provide solutions to the main difficulties in using this framework for shape matching. Finally, we showcase the performance of transport-enhanced registration models on a wide range of challenging tasks: rigid registration for partial shapes; scene flow estimation on the Kitti dataset; and nonparametric registration of lung vascular trees between inspiration and expiration. Our OT-based methods achieve state-of-the-art results on Kitti and for the challenging lung registration task, both in terms of accuracy and scalability. We also release PVT1010, a new public dataset of 1,010 pairs of lung vascular trees with densely sampled points. This dataset provides a challenging use case for point cloud registration algorithms with highly complex shapes and deformations. Our work demonstrates that robust OT enables fast pre-alignment and fine-tuning for a wide range of registration models, thereby providing a new key method for the computer vision toolbox. Our code and dataset are available online at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/uncbiag/robot" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Learning Distilled Collaboration Graph for Multi-Agent Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00643.pdf)
>  To promote better performance-bandwidth trade-off for multi-agent perception, we propose a novel distilled collaboration graph (DiscoGraph) to model trainable, pose-aware, and adaptive collaboration among agents. Our key novelties lie in two aspects. First, we propose a teacher-student framework to train DiscoGraph via knowledge distillation. The teacher model employs an early collaboration with holistic-view inputs; the student model is based on intermediate collaboration with single-view inputs. Our framework trains DiscoGraph by constraining post-collaboration feature maps in the student model to match the correspondences in the teacher model. Second, we propose a matrix-valued edge weight in DiscoGraph. In such a matrix, each element reflects the inter-agent attention at a specific spatial region, allowing an agent to adaptively highlight the informative regions. During inference, we only need to use the student model named as the distilled collaboration network (DiscoNet). Attributed to the teacher-student framework, multiple agents with the shared DiscoNet could collaboratively approach the performance of a hypothetical teacher model with a holistic view. Our approach is validated on V2X-Sim 1.0, a large-scale multi-agent perception dataset that we synthesized using CARLA and SUMO co-simulation. Our quantitative and qualitative experiments in multi-agent 3D object detection show that DiscoNet could not only achieve a better performance-bandwidth trade-off than the state-of-the-art collaborative perception methods, but also bring more straightforward design rationale. Our code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ai4ce/DiscoNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.Recognizing Families In the Wild (RFIW): The 5th Edition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00598.pdf)
>  Recognizing Families In the Wild (RFIW), held as a data challenge in conjunction with the 16th IEEE International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (FG), is a large-scale, multi-track visual kinship recognition evaluation. This is our fifth edition of RFIW, for which we continue the effort to attract scholars, bring together professionals, publish new work, and discuss prospects. In this paper, we summarize submissions for the three tasks of this year's RFIW: specifically, we review the results for kinship verification, tri-subject verification, and family member search and retrieval. We take a look at the RFIW problem, as well as share current efforts and make recommendations for promising future directions.      
### 48.From Face to Gait: Weakly-Supervised Learning of Gender Information from Walking Patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00538.pdf)
>  Obtaining demographics information from video is valuable for a range of real-world applications. While approaches that leverage facial features for gender inference are very successful in restrained environments, they do not work in most real-world scenarios when the subject is not facing the camera, has the face obstructed or the face is not clear due to distance from the camera or poor resolution. We propose a weakly-supervised method for learning gender information of people based on their manner of walking. We make use of state-of-the art facial analysis models to automatically annotate front-view walking sequences and generalise to unseen angles by leveraging gait-based label propagation. Our results show on par or higher performance with facial analysis models with an F1 score of 91% and the ability to successfully generalise to scenarios in which facial analysis is unfeasible due to subjects not facing the camera or having the face obstructed.      
### 49.Learning Debiased and Disentangled Representations for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00531.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are susceptible to learn biased models with entangled feature representations, which may lead to subpar performances on various downstream tasks. This is particularly true for under-represented classes, where a lack of diversity in the data exacerbates the tendency. This limitation has been addressed mostly in classification tasks, but there is little study on additional challenges that may appear in more complex dense prediction problems including semantic segmentation. To this end, we propose a model-agnostic and stochastic training scheme for semantic segmentation, which facilitates the learning of debiased and disentangled representations. For each class, we first extract class-specific information from the highly entangled feature map. Then, information related to a randomly sampled class is suppressed by a feature selection process in the feature space. By randomly eliminating certain class information in each training iteration, we effectively reduce feature dependencies among classes, and the model is able to learn more debiased and disentangled feature representations. Models trained with our approach demonstrate strong results on multiple semantic segmentation benchmarks, with especially notable performance gains on under-represented classes.      
### 50.DRBANET: A Lightweight Dual-Resolution Network for Semantic Segmentation with Boundary Auxiliary  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00509.pdf)
>  Due to the powerful ability to encode image details and semantics, many lightweight dual-resolution networks have been proposed in recent years. However, most of them ignore the benefit of boundary information. This paper introduces a lightweight dual-resolution network, called DRBANet, aiming to refine semantic segmentation results with the aid of boundary information. DRBANet adopts dual parallel architecture, including: high resolution branch (HRB) and low resolution branch (LRB). Specifically, HRB mainly consists of a set of Efficient Inverted Bottleneck Modules (EIBMs), which learn feature representations with larger receptive fields. LRB is composed of a series of EIBMs and an Extremely Lightweight Pyramid Pooling Module (ELPPM), where ELPPM is utilized to capture multi-scale context through hierarchical residual connections. Finally, a boundary supervision head is designed to capture object boundaries in HRB. Extensive experiments on Cityscapes and CamVid datasets demonstrate that our method achieves promising trade-off between segmentation accuracy and running efficiency.      
### 51.Fully convolutional Siamese neural networks for buildings damage assessment from satellite images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00508.pdf)
>  Damage assessment after natural disasters is needed to distribute aid and forces to recovery from damage dealt optimally. This process involves acquiring satellite imagery for the region of interest, localization of buildings, and classification of the amount of damage caused by nature or urban factors to buildings. In case of natural disasters, this means processing many square kilometers of the area to judge whether a particular building had suffered from the damaging factors. <br>In this work, we develop a computational approach for an automated comparison of the same region's satellite images before and after the disaster, and classify different levels of damage in buildings. Our solution is based on Siamese neural networks with encoder-decoder architecture. We include an extensive ablation study and compare different encoders, decoders, loss functions, augmentations, and several methods to combine two images. The solution achieved one of the best results in the Computer Vision for Building Damage Assessment competition.      
### 52.DPNET: Dual-Path Network for Efficient Object Detectioj with Lightweight Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00500.pdf)
>  Object detection often costs a considerable amount of computation to get satisfied performance, which is unfriendly to be deployed in edge devices. To address the trade-off between computational cost and detection accuracy, this paper presents a dual path network, named DPNet, for efficient object detection with lightweight self-attention. In backbone, a single input/output lightweight self-attention module (LSAM) is designed to encode global interactions between different positions. LSAM is also extended into a multiple-inputs version in feature pyramid network (FPN), which is employed to capture cross-resolution dependencies in two paths. Extensive experiments on the COCO dataset demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art detection results. More specifically, DPNet obtains 29.0% AP on COCO test-dev, with only 1.14 GFLOPs and 2.27M model size for a 320x320 image.      
### 53.Smart(Sampling)Augment: Optimal and Efficient Data Augmentation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00487.pdf)
>  Data augmentation methods enrich datasets with augmented data to improve the performance of neural networks. Recently, automated data augmentation methods have emerged, which automatically design augmentation strategies. Existing work focuses on image classification and object detection, whereas we provide the first study on semantic image segmentation and introduce two new approaches: \textit{SmartAugment} and \textit{SmartSamplingAugment}. SmartAugment uses Bayesian Optimization to search over a rich space of augmentation strategies and achieves a new state-of-the-art performance in all semantic segmentation tasks we consider. SmartSamplingAugment, a simple parameter-free approach with a fixed augmentation strategy competes in performance with the existing resource-intensive approaches and outperforms cheap state-of-the-art data augmentation methods. Further, we analyze the impact, interaction, and importance of data augmentation hyperparameters and perform ablation studies, which confirm our design choices behind SmartAugment and SmartSamplingAugment. Lastly, we will provide our source code for reproducibility and to facilitate further research.      
### 54.Learned Image Compression with Separate Hyperprior Decoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00485.pdf)
>  Learned image compression techniques have achieved considerable development in recent years. In this paper, we find that the performance bottleneck lies in the use of a single hyperprior decoder, in which case the ternary Gaussian model collapses to a binary one. To solve this, we propose to use three hyperprior decoders to separate the decoding process of the mixed parameters in discrete Gaussian mixture likelihoods, achieving more accurate parameters estimation. Experimental results demonstrate the proposed method optimized by MS-SSIM achieves on average 3.36% BD-rate reduction compared with state-of-the-art approach. The contribution of the proposed method to the coding time and FLOPs is negligible.      
### 55.Gaussian Kernel Mixture Network for Single Image Defocus Deblurring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00454.pdf)
>  Defocus blur is one kind of blur effects often seen in images, which is challenging to remove due to its spatially variant amount. This paper presents an end-to-end deep learning approach for removing defocus blur from a single image, so as to have an all-in-focus image for consequent vision tasks. First, a pixel-wise Gaussian kernel mixture (GKM) model is proposed for representing spatially variant defocus blur kernels in an efficient linear parametric form, with higher accuracy than existing models. Then, a deep neural network called GKMNet is developed by unrolling a fixed-point iteration of the GKM-based deblurring. The GKMNet is built on a lightweight scale-recurrent architecture, with a scale-recurrent attention module for estimating the mixing coefficients in GKM for defocus deblurring. Extensive experiments show that the GKMNet not only noticeably outperforms existing defocus deblurring methods, but also has its advantages in terms of model complexity and computational efficiency.      
### 56.Loop closure detection using local 3D deep descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00440.pdf)
>  We present a simple yet effective method to address loop closure detection in simultaneous localisation and mapping using local 3D deep descriptors (L3Ds). L3Ds are emerging compact representations of patches extracted from point clouds that are learned from data using a deep learning algorithm. We propose a novel overlap measure for loop detection by computing the metric error between points that correspond to mutually-nearest-neighbour descriptors after registering the loop candidate point cloud by its estimated relative pose. This novel approach enables us to accurately detect loops and estimate six degrees-of-freedom poses in the case of small overlaps. We compare our L3D-based loop closure approach with recent approaches on LiDAR data and achieve state-of-the-art loop closure detection accuracy. Additionally, we embed our loop closure approach in RESLAM, a recent edge-based SLAM system, and perform the evaluation on real-world RGBD-TUM and synthetic ICL datasets. Our approach enables RESLAM to achieve a better localisation accuracy compared to its original loop closure strategy.      
### 57.PANet: Perspective-Aware Network with Dynamic Receptive Fields and Self-Distilling Supervision for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00406.pdf)
>  Crowd counting aims to learn the crowd density distributions and estimate the number of objects (e.g. persons) in images. The perspective effect, which significantly influences the distribution of data points, plays an important role in crowd counting. In this paper, we propose a novel perspective-aware approach called PANet to address the perspective problem. Based on the observation that the size of the objects varies greatly in one image due to the perspective effect, we propose the dynamic receptive fields (DRF) framework. The framework is able to adjust the receptive field by the dilated convolution parameters according to the input image, which helps the model to extract more discriminative features for each local region. Different from most previous works which use Gaussian kernels to generate the density map as the supervised information, we propose the self-distilling supervision (SDS) training method. The ground-truth density maps are refined from the first training stage and the perspective information is distilled to the model in the second stage. The experimental results on ShanghaiTech Part_A and Part_B, UCF_QNRF, and UCF_CC_50 datasets demonstrate that our proposed PANet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin.      
### 58.A Simple Approach to Image Tilt Correction with Self-Attention MobileNet for Smartphones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00398.pdf)
>  The main contributions of our work are two-fold. First, we present a Self-Attention MobileNet, called SA-MobileNet Network that can model long-range dependencies between the image features instead of processing the local region as done by standard convolutional kernels. SA-MobileNet contains self-attention modules integrated with the inverted bottleneck blocks of the MobileNetV3 model which results in modeling of both channel-wise attention and spatial attention of the image features and at the same time introduce a novel self-attention architecture for low-resource devices. Secondly, we propose a novel training pipeline for the task of image tilt detection. We treat this problem in a multi-label scenario where we predict multiple angles for a tilted input image in a narrow interval of range 1-2 degrees, depending on the dataset used. This process induces an implicit correlation between labels without any computational overhead of the second or higher-order methods in multi-label learning. With the combination of our novel approach and the architecture, we present state-of-the-art results on detecting the image tilt angle on mobile devices as compared to the MobileNetV3 model. Finally, we establish that SA-MobileNet is more accurate than MobileNetV3 on SUN397, NYU-V1, and ADE20K datasets by 6.42%, 10.51%, and 9.09% points respectively, and faster by at least 4 milliseconds on Snapdragon 750 Octa-core.      
### 59.3DP3: 3D Scene Perception via Probabilistic Programming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00312.pdf)
>  We present 3DP3, a framework for inverse graphics that uses inference in a structured generative model of objects, scenes, and images. 3DP3 uses (i) voxel models to represent the 3D shape of objects, (ii) hierarchical scene graphs to decompose scenes into objects and the contacts between them, and (iii) depth image likelihoods based on real-time graphics. Given an observed RGB-D image, 3DP3's inference algorithm infers the underlying latent 3D scene, including the object poses and a parsimonious joint parametrization of these poses, using fast bottom-up pose proposals, novel involutive MCMC updates of the scene graph structure, and, optionally, neural object detectors and pose estimators. We show that 3DP3 enables scene understanding that is aware of 3D shape, occlusion, and contact structure. Our results demonstrate that 3DP3 is more accurate at 6DoF object pose estimation from real images than deep learning baselines and shows better generalization to challenging scenes with novel viewpoints, contact, and partial observability.      
### 60.A fast accurate fine-grain object detection model based on YOLOv4 deep neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00298.pdf)
>  Early identification and prevention of various plant diseases in commercial farms and orchards is a key feature of precision agriculture technology. This paper presents a high-performance real-time fine-grain object detection framework that addresses several obstacles in plant disease detection that hinder the performance of traditional methods, such as, dense distribution, irregular morphology, multi-scale object classes, textural similarity, etc. The proposed model is built on an improved version of the You Only Look Once (YOLOv4) algorithm. The modified network architecture maximizes both detection accuracy and speed by including the DenseNet in the back-bone to optimize feature transfer and reuse, two new residual blocks in the backbone and neck enhance feature extraction and reduce computing cost; the Spatial Pyramid Pooling (SPP) enhances receptive field, and a modified Path Aggregation Network (PANet) preserves fine-grain localized information and improve feature fusion. Additionally, the use of the Hard-Swish function as the primary activation improved the model's accuracy due to better nonlinear feature extraction. The proposed model is tested in detecting four different diseases in tomato plants under various challenging environments. The model outperforms the existing state-of-the-art detection models in detection accuracy and speed. At a detection rate of 70.19 FPS, the proposed model obtained a precision value of $90.33 \%$, F1-score of $93.64 \%$, and a mean average precision ($mAP$) value of $96.29 \%$. Current work provides an effective and efficient method for detecting different plant diseases in complex scenarios that can be extended to different fruit and crop detection, generic disease detection, and various automated agricultural detection processes.      
### 61.MFNet: Multi-class Few-shot Segmentation Network with Pixel-wise Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00232.pdf)
>  In visual recognition tasks, few-shot learning requires the ability to learn object categories with few support examples. Its recent resurgence in light of the deep learning development is mainly in image classification. This work focuses on few-shot semantic segmentation, which is still a largely unexplored field. A few recent advances are often restricted to single-class few-shot segmentation. In this paper, we first present a novel multi-way encoding and decoding architecture which effectively fuses multi-scale query information and multi-class support information into one query-support embedding; multi-class segmentation is directly decoded upon this embedding. In order for better feature fusion, a multi-level attention mechanism is proposed within the architecture, which includes the attention for support feature modulation and attention for multi-scale combination. Last, to enhance the embedding space learning, an additional pixel-wise metric learning module is devised with triplet loss formulated on the pixel-level embedding of the input image. Extensive experiments on standard benchmarks PASCAL-5^i and COCO-20^i show clear benefits of our method over the state of the art in few-shot segmentation.      
### 62.Two Heads are Better than One: Geometric-Latent Attention for Point Cloud Classification and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00231.pdf)
>  We present an innovative two-headed attention layer that combines geometric and latent features to segment a 3D scene into semantically meaningful subsets. Each head combines local and global information, using either the geometric or latent features, of a neighborhood of points and uses this information to learn better local relationships. This Geometric-Latent attention layer (Ge-Latto) is combined with a sub-sampling strategy to capture global features. Our method is invariant to permutation thanks to the use of shared-MLP layers, and it can also be used with point clouds with varying densities because the local attention layer does not depend on the neighbor order. Our proposal is simple yet robust, which allows it to achieve competitive results in the ShapeNetPart and ModelNet40 datasets, and the state-of-the-art when segmenting the complex dataset S3DIS, with 69.2% IoU on Area 5, and 89.7% overall accuracy using K-fold cross-validation on the 6 areas.      
### 63.A Spatio-Temporal Identity Verification Method for Person-Action Instance Search in Movies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00228.pdf)
>  As one of the challenging problems in video search, Person-Action Instance Search (INS) aims to retrieve shots with specific person carrying out specific action from massive video shots. Existing methods mainly include two steps: First, two individual INS branches, i.e., person INS and action INS, are separately conducted to compute the initial person and action ranking scores; Second, both scores are directly fused to generate the final ranking list. However, direct aggregation of two individual INS scores cannot guarantee the identity consistency between person and action. For example, a shot with "Pat is standing" and "Ian is sitting on couch" may be erroneously understood as "Pat is sitting on couch" or "Ian is standing". To address the above identity inconsistency problem (IIP), we study a spatio-temporal identity verification method. Specifically, in the spatial dimension, we propose an identity consistency verification scheme to optimize the direct fusion score of person INS and action INS. The motivation originates from an observation that face detection results usually locate in the identity-consistent action bounding boxes. Moreover, in the temporal dimension, considering the complex filming condition, we propose an inter-frame detection extension operation to interpolate missing face/action detection results in successive video frames. The proposed method is evaluated on the large scale TRECVID INS dataset, and the experimental results show that our method can effectively mitigate the IIP and surpass the existing second places in both TRECVID 2019 and 2020 INS tasks.      
### 64.PatchFormer: A Versatile 3D Transformer Based on Patch Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00207.pdf)
>  The 3D vision community is witnesses a modeling shift from CNNs to Transformers, where pure Transformer architectures have attained top accuracy on the major 3D learning benchmarks. However, existing 3D Transformers need to generate a large attention map, which has quadratic complexity (both in space and time) with respect to input size. To solve this shortcoming, we introduce patch-attention to adaptively learn a much smaller set of bases upon which the attention maps are computed. By a weighted summation upon these bases, patch-attention not only captures the global shape context but also achieves linear complexity to input size. In addition, we propose a lightweight Multi-scale Attention (MSA) block to build attentions among features of different scales, providing the model with multi-scale features. Based on these proposed modules, we construct our neural architecture called PatchFormer. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our network achieves strong accuracy on general 3D recognition tasks with 7.3x speed-up than previous 3D Transformers.      
### 65.Imitating Arbitrary Talking Style for Realistic Audio-DrivenTalking Face Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00203.pdf)
>  People talk with diversified styles. For one piece of speech, different talking styles exhibit significant differences in the facial and head pose movements. For example, the "excited" style usually talks with the mouth wide open, while the "solemn" style is more standardized and seldomly exhibits exaggerated motions. Due to such huge differences between different styles, it is necessary to incorporate the talking style into audio-driven talking face synthesis framework. In this paper, we propose to inject style into the talking face synthesis framework through imitating arbitrary talking style of the particular reference video. Specifically, we systematically investigate talking styles with our collected \textit{Ted-HD} dataset and construct style codes as several statistics of 3D morphable model~(3DMM) parameters. Afterwards, we devise a latent-style-fusion~(LSF) model to synthesize stylized talking faces by imitating talking styles from the style codes. We emphasize the following novel characteristics of our framework: (1) It doesn't require any annotation of the style, the talking style is learned in an unsupervised manner from talking videos in the wild. (2) It can imitate arbitrary styles from arbitrary videos, and the style codes can also be interpolated to generate new styles. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed framework has the ability to synthesize more natural and expressive talking styles compared with baseline methods.      
### 66.A Comparative Review of Recent Few-Shot Object Detection Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00201.pdf)
>  Few-shot object detection, learning to adapt to the novel classes with a few labeled data, is an imperative and long-lasting problem due to the inherent long-tail distribution of real-world data and the urgent demands to cut costs of data collection and annotation. Recently, some studies have explored how to use implicit cues in extra datasets without target-domain supervision to help few-shot detectors refine robust task notions. This survey provides a comprehensive overview from current classic and latest achievements for few-shot object detection to future research expectations from manifold perspectives. In particular, we first propose a data-based taxonomy of the training data and the form of corresponding supervision which are accessed during the training stage. Following this taxonomy, we present a significant review of the formal definition, main challenges, benchmark datasets, evaluation metrics, and learning strategies. In addition, we present a detailed investigation of how to interplay the object detection methods to develop this issue systematically. Finally, we conclude with the current status of few-shot object detection, along with potential research directions for this field.      
### 67.Leveraging SE(3) Equivariance for Self-Supervised Category-Level Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00190.pdf)
>  Category-level object pose estimation aims to find 6D object poses of previously unseen object instances from known categories without access to object CAD models. To reduce the huge amount of pose annotations needed for category-level learning, we propose for the first time a self-supervised learning framework to estimate category-level 6D object pose from single 3D point clouds.During training, our method assumes no ground-truth pose annotations, no CAD models, and no multi-view supervision. The key to our method is to disentangle shape and pose through an invariant shape reconstruction module and an equivariant pose estimation module, empowered by SE(3) equivariant point cloud networks.The invariant shape reconstruction module learns to perform aligned reconstructions, yielding a category-level reference frame without using any annotations. In addition, the equivariant pose estimation module achieves category-level pose estimation accuracy that is comparable to some fully supervised methods. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on both complete and partial depth point clouds from the ModelNet40 benchmark, and on real depth point clouds from the NOCS-REAL 275 dataset. The project page with code and visualizations can be found at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://dragonlong.github.io/equi-pose" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.Geometry-Aware Hierarchical Bayesian Learning on Manifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00184.pdf)
>  Bayesian learning with Gaussian processes demonstrates encouraging regression and classification performances in solving computer vision tasks. However, Bayesian methods on 3D manifold-valued vision data, such as meshes and point clouds, are seldom studied. One of the primary challenges is how to effectively and efficiently aggregate geometric features from the irregular inputs. In this paper, we propose a hierarchical Bayesian learning model to address this challenge. We initially introduce a kernel with the properties of geometry-awareness and intra-kernel convolution. This enables geometrically reasonable inferences on manifolds without using any specific hand-crafted feature descriptors. Then, we use a Gaussian process regression to organize the inputs and finally implement a hierarchical Bayesian network for the feature aggregation. Furthermore, we incorporate the feature learning of neural networks with the feature aggregation of Bayesian models to investigate the feasibility of jointly learning on manifolds. Experimental results not only show that our method outperforms existing Bayesian methods on manifolds but also demonstrate the prospect of coupling neural networks with Bayesian networks.      
### 69.Direct attacks using fake images in iris verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00178.pdf)
>  In this contribution, the vulnerabilities of iris-based recognition systems to direct attacks are studied. A database of fake iris images has been created from real iris of the BioSec baseline database. Iris images are printed using a commercial printer and then, presented at the iris sensor. We use for our experiments a publicly available iris recognition system, which some modifications to improve the iris segmentation step. Based on results achieved on different operational scenarios, we show that the system is vulnerable to direct attacks, pointing out the importance of having countermeasures against this type of fraudulent actions.      
### 70.Iris Recognition Based on SIFT Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00176.pdf)
>  Biometric methods based on iris images are believed to allow very high accuracy, and there has been an explosion of interest in iris biometrics in recent years. In this paper, we use the Scale Invariant Feature Transformation (SIFT) for recognition using iris images. Contrarily to traditional iris recognition systems, the SIFT approach does not rely on the transformation of the iris pattern to polar coordinates or on highly accurate segmentation, allowing less constrained image acquisition conditions. We extract characteristic SIFT feature points in scale space and perform matching based on the texture information around the feature points using the SIFT operator. Experiments are done using the BioSec multimodal database, which includes 3,200 iris images from 200 individuals acquired in two different sessions. We contribute with the analysis of the influence of different SIFT parameters on the recognition performance. We also show the complementarity between the SIFT approach and a popular matching approach based on transformation to polar coordinates and Log-Gabor wavelets. The combination of the two approaches achieves significantly better performance than either of the individual schemes, with a performance improvement of 24% in the Equal Error Rate.      
### 71.HIERMATCH: Leveraging Label Hierarchies for Improving Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00164.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning approaches have emerged as an active area of research to combat the challenge of obtaining large amounts of annotated data. Towards the goal of improving the performance of semi-supervised learning methods, we propose a novel framework, HIERMATCH, a semi-supervised approach that leverages hierarchical information to reduce labeling costs and performs as well as a vanilla semi-supervised learning method. Hierarchical information is often available as prior knowledge in the form of coarse labels (e.g., woodpeckers) for images with fine-grained labels (e.g., downy woodpeckers or golden-fronted woodpeckers). However, the use of supervision using coarse category labels to improve semi-supervised techniques has not been explored. In the absence of fine-grained labels, HIERMATCH exploits the label hierarchy and uses coarse class labels as a weak supervisory signal. Additionally, HIERMATCH is a generic-approach to improve any semisupervised learning framework, we demonstrate this using our results on recent state-of-the-art techniques MixMatch and FixMatch. We evaluate the efficacy of HIERMATCH on two benchmark datasets, namely CIFAR-100 and NABirds. HIERMATCH can reduce the usage of fine-grained labels by 50% on CIFAR-100 with only a marginal drop of 0.59% in top-1 accuracy as compared to MixMatch.      
### 72.DIB-R++: Learning to Predict Lighting and Material with a Hybrid Differentiable Renderer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00140.pdf)
>  We consider the challenging problem of predicting intrinsic object properties from a single image by exploiting differentiable renderers. Many previous learning-based approaches for inverse graphics adopt rasterization-based renderers and assume naive lighting and material models, which often fail to account for non-Lambertian, specular reflections commonly observed in the wild. In this work, we propose DIBR++, a hybrid differentiable renderer which supports these photorealistic effects by combining rasterization and ray-tracing, taking the advantage of their respective strengths -- speed and realism. Our renderer incorporates environmental lighting and spatially-varying material models to efficiently approximate light transport, either through direct estimation or via spherical basis functions. Compared to more advanced physics-based differentiable renderers leveraging path tracing, DIBR++ is highly performant due to its compact and expressive shading model, which enables easy integration with learning frameworks for geometry, reflectance and lighting prediction from a single image without requiring any ground-truth. We experimentally demonstrate that our approach achieves superior material and lighting disentanglement on synthetic and real data compared to existing rasterization-based approaches and showcase several artistic applications including material editing and relighting.      
### 73.Three approaches to facilitate DNN generalization to objects in out-of-distribution orientations and illuminations: late-stopping, tuning batch normalization and invariance loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00131.pdf)
>  The training data distribution is often biased towards objects in certain orientations and illumination conditions. While humans have a remarkable capability of recognizing objects in out-of-distribution (OoD) orientations and illuminations, Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) severely suffer in this case, even when large amounts of training examples are available. In this paper, we investigate three different approaches to improve DNNs in recognizing objects in OoD orientations and illuminations. Namely, these are (i) training much longer after convergence of the in-distribution (InD) validation accuracy, i.e., late-stopping, (ii) tuning the momentum parameter of the batch normalization layers, and (iii) enforcing invariance of the neural activity in an intermediate layer to orientation and illumination conditions. Each of these approaches substantially improves the DNN's OoD accuracy (more than 20% in some cases). We report results in four datasets: two datasets are modified from the MNIST and iLab datasets, and the other two are novel (one of 3D rendered cars and another of objects taken from various controlled orientations and illumination conditions). These datasets allow to study the effects of different amounts of bias and are challenging as DNNs perform poorly in OoD conditions. Finally, we demonstrate that even though the three approaches focus on different aspects of DNNs, they all tend to lead to the same underlying neural mechanism to enable OoD accuracy gains -- individual neurons in the intermediate layers become more selective to a category and also invariant to OoD orientations and illuminations.      
### 74.Longitudinal Analysis of Mask and No-Mask on Child Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00121.pdf)
>  Face is one of the most widely employed traits for person recognition, even in many large-scale applications. Despite technological advancements in face recognition systems, they still face obstacles caused by pose, expression, occlusion, and aging variations. Owing to the COVID-19 pandemic, contactless identity verification has become exceedingly vital. To constrain the pandemic, people have started using face mask. Recently, few studies have been conducted on the effect of face mask on adult face recognition systems. However, the impact of aging with face mask on child subject recognition has not been adequately explored. Thus, the main objective of this study is analyzing the child longitudinal impact together with face mask and other covariates on face recognition systems. Specifically, we performed a comparative investigation of three top performing publicly available face matchers and a post-COVID-19 commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) system under child cross-age verification and identification settings using our generated synthetic mask and no-mask samples. Furthermore, we investigated the longitudinal consequence of eyeglasses with mask and no-mask. The study exploited no-mask longitudinal child face dataset (i.e., extended Indian Child Longitudinal Face Dataset) that contains $26,258$ face images of $7,473$ subjects in the age group of $[2, 18]$ over an average time span of $3.35$ years. Experimental results showed that problem of face mask on automated face recognition is compounded by aging variate.      
### 75.Visual Explanations for Convolutional Neural Networks via Latent Traversal of Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00116.pdf)
>  Lack of explainability in artificial intelligence, specifically deep neural networks, remains a bottleneck for implementing models in practice. Popular techniques such as Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mapping (Grad-CAM) provide a coarse map of salient features in an image, which rarely tells the whole story of what a convolutional neural network (CNN) learned. Using COVID-19 chest X-rays, we present a method for interpreting what a CNN has learned by utilizing Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Our GAN framework disentangles lung structure from COVID-19 features. Using this GAN, we can visualize the transition of a pair of COVID negative lungs in a chest radiograph to a COVID positive pair by interpolating in the latent space of the GAN, which provides fine-grained visualization of how the CNN responds to varying features within the lungs.      
### 76.Classification of jujube fruit based on several pricing factors using machine learning methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00112.pdf)
>  Jujube is a fruit mainly cultivated in India, China and Iran and has many health benefits. It is sold both fresh and dried. There are several factors in jujube pricing such as weight, wrinkles and defections. Some jujube farmers sell their product all at once, without any proper sorting or classification, for an average price. Our studies and experiences show that their profit can increase significantly if their product is sold after the sorting process. There are some traditional sorting methods for dried jujube fruit but they are costly, time consuming and can be inaccurate due to human error. Nowadays, computer vision combined with machine learning methods, is used increasingly in food industry for sorting and classification purposes and solve many of the traditional sorting methods' problems. In this paper we are proposing a computer vision-based method for grading jujube fruits using machine learning techniques which will take most of the important pricing factors into account and can be used to increase the profit of farmers. In this method we first acquire several images from different samples and then extract their visual features such as color features, shape and size features, texture features, defection and wrinkle features and then we select the most useful features using feature selection algorithms like PCA and CFS. A feature vector is obtained for each sample and we use these vectors to train our classifiers to be able to specify the corresponding pre-defined group for each of the samples. We used different classifiers and training methods in order to obtain the best result and by using decision tree we could reach 98.8% accuracy of the classification.      
### 77.Deep Deterministic Uncertainty for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00079.pdf)
>  We extend Deep Deterministic Uncertainty (DDU), a method for uncertainty estimation using feature space densities, to semantic segmentation. DDU enables quantifying and disentangling epistemic and aleatoric uncertainty in a single forward pass through the model. We study the similarity of feature representations of pixels at different locations for the same class and conclude that it is feasible to apply DDU location independently, which leads to a significant reduction in memory consumption compared to pixel dependent DDU. Using the DeepLab-v3+ architecture on Pascal VOC 2012, we show that DDU improves upon MC Dropout and Deep Ensembles while being significantly faster to compute.      
### 78.Polyline Based Generative Navigable Space Segmentation for Autonomous Visual Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00063.pdf)
>  Detecting navigable space is a fundamental capability for mobile robots navigating in unknown or unmapped environments. In this work, we treat the visual navigable space segmentation as a scene decomposition problem and propose Polyline Segmentation Variational AutoEncoder Networks (PSV-Nets), a representation-learning-based framework to enable robots to learn the navigable space segmentation in an unsupervised manner. Current segmentation techniques heavily rely on supervised learning strategies which demand a large amount of pixel-level annotated images. In contrast, the proposed framework leverages a generative model - Variational AutoEncoder (VAE) and an AutoEncoder (AE) to learn a polyline representation that compactly outlines the desired navigable space boundary in an unsupervised way. We also propose a visual receding horizon planning method that uses the learned navigable space and a Scaled Euclidean Distance Field (SEDF) to achieve autonomous navigation without an explicit map. Through extensive experiments, we have validated that the proposed PSV-Nets can learn the visual navigable space with high accuracy, even without any single label. We also show that the prediction of the PSV-Nets can be further improved with a small number of labels (if available) and can significantly outperform the state-of-the-art fully supervised-learning-based segmentation methods.      
### 79.Generalized Data Weighting via Class-level Gradient Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00056.pdf)
>  Label noise and class imbalance are two major issues coexisting in real-world datasets. To alleviate the two issues, state-of-the-art methods reweight each instance by leveraging a small amount of clean and unbiased data. Yet, these methods overlook class-level information within each instance, which can be further utilized to improve performance. To this end, in this paper, we propose Generalized Data Weighting (GDW) to simultaneously mitigate label noise and class imbalance by manipulating gradients at the class level. To be specific, GDW unrolls the loss gradient to class-level gradients by the chain rule and reweights the flow of each gradient separately. In this way, GDW achieves remarkable performance improvement on both issues. Aside from the performance gain, GDW efficiently obtains class-level weights without introducing any extra computational cost compared with instance weighting methods. Specifically, GDW performs a gradient descent step on class-level weights, which only relies on intermediate gradients. Extensive experiments in various settings verify the effectiveness of GDW. For example, GDW outperforms state-of-the-art methods by $2.56\%$ under the $60\%$ uniform noise setting in CIFAR10. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GGchen1997/GDW-NIPS2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 80.CvS: Classification via Segmentation For Small Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00042.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have shown promising results in a wide range of computer vision applications across various domains. The success of deep learning methods relies heavily on the availability of a large amount of data. Deep neural networks are prone to overfitting when data is scarce. This problem becomes even more severe for neural network with classification head with access to only a few data points. However, acquiring large-scale datasets is very challenging, laborious, or even infeasible in some domains. Hence, developing classifiers that are able to perform well in small data regimes is crucial for applications with limited data. This paper presents CvS, a cost-effective classifier for small datasets that derives the classification labels from predicting the segmentation maps. We employ the label propagation method to achieve a fully segmented dataset with only a handful of manually segmented data. We evaluate the effectiveness of our framework on diverse problems showing that CvS is able to achieve much higher classification results compared to previous methods when given only a handful of examples.      
### 81.On-device Real-time Hand Gesture Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00038.pdf)
>  We present an on-device real-time hand gesture recognition (HGR) system, which detects a set of predefined static gestures from a single RGB camera. The system consists of two parts: a hand skeleton tracker and a gesture classifier. We use MediaPipe Hands as the basis of the hand skeleton tracker, improve the keypoint accuracy, and add the estimation of 3D keypoints in a world metric space. We create two different gesture classifiers, one based on heuristics and the other using neural networks (NN).      
### 82.Domain Agnostic Few-Shot Learning For Document Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00007.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning aims to generalize to novel classes with only a few samples with class labels. Research in few-shot learning has borrowed techniques from transfer learning, metric learning, meta-learning, and Bayesian methods. These methods also aim to train models from limited training samples, and while encouraging performance has been achieved, they often fail to generalize to novel domains. Many of the existing meta-learning methods rely on training data for which the base classes are sampled from the same domain as the novel classes used for meta-testing. However, in many applications in the industry, such as document classification, collecting large samples of data for meta-learning is infeasible or impossible. While research in the field of the cross-domain few-shot learning exists, it is mostly limited to computer vision. To our knowledge, no work yet exists that examines the use of few-shot learning for classification of semi-structured documents (scans of paper documents) generated as part of a business workflow (forms, letters, bills, etc.). Here the domain shift is significant, going from natural images to the semi-structured documents of interest. In this work, we address the problem of few-shot document image classification under domain shift. We evaluate our work by extensive comparisons with existing methods. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method shows consistent improvements on the few-shot classification performance under domain shift.      
### 83.Adaptive Hierarchical Similarity Metric Learning with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00006.pdf)
>  Deep Metric Learning (DML) plays a critical role in various machine learning tasks. However, most existing deep metric learning methods with binary similarity are sensitive to noisy labels, which are widely present in real-world data. Since these noisy labels often cause severe performance degradation, it is crucial to enhance the robustness and generalization ability of DML. In this paper, we propose an Adaptive Hierarchical Similarity Metric Learning method. It considers two noise-insensitive information, \textit{i.e.}, class-wise divergence and sample-wise consistency. Specifically, class-wise divergence can effectively excavate richer similarity information beyond binary in modeling by taking advantage of Hyperbolic metric learning, while sample-wise consistency can further improve the generalization ability of the model using contrastive augmentation. More importantly, we design an adaptive strategy to integrate this information in a unified view. It is noteworthy that the new method can be extended to any pair-based metric loss. Extensive experimental results on benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance compared with current deep metric learning approaches.      
### 84.Correlation between image quality metrics of magnetic resonance images and the neural network segmentation accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01093.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks with multilevel connections process input data in complex ways to learn the information.A networks learning efficiency depends not only on the complex neural network architecture but also on the input training images.Medical image segmentation with deep neural networks for skull stripping or tumor segmentation from magnetic resonance images enables learning both global and local features of the images.Though medical images are collected in a controlled environment,there may be artifacts or equipment based variance that cause inherent bias in the input <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://set.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this study, we investigated the correlation between the image quality metrics of MR images with the neural network segmentation accuracy.For that we have used the 3D DenseNet architecture and let the network trained on the same input but applying different methodologies to select the training data set based on the IQM values.The difference in the segmentation accuracy between models based on the random training inputs with IQM based training inputs shed light on the role of image quality metrics on segmentation <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://accuracy.By" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> running the image quality metrics to choose the training inputs,further we may tune the learning efficiency of the network and the segmentation accuracy.      
### 85.OctField: Hierarchical Implicit Functions for 3D Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01067.pdf)
>  Recent advances in localized implicit functions have enabled neural implicit representation to be scalable to large scenes. However, the regular subdivision of 3D space employed by these approaches fails to take into account the sparsity of the surface occupancy and the varying granularities of geometric details. As a result, its memory footprint grows cubically with the input volume, leading to a prohibitive computational cost even at a moderately dense decomposition. In this work, we present a learnable hierarchical implicit representation for 3D surfaces, coded OctField, that allows high-precision encoding of intricate surfaces with low memory and computational budget. The key to our approach is an adaptive decomposition of 3D scenes that only distributes local implicit functions around the surface of interest. We achieve this goal by introducing a hierarchical octree structure to adaptively subdivide the 3D space according to the surface occupancy and the richness of part geometry. As octree is discrete and non-differentiable, we further propose a novel hierarchical network that models the subdivision of octree cells as a probabilistic process and recursively encodes and decodes both octree structure and surface geometry in a differentiable manner. We demonstrate the value of OctField for a range of shape modeling and reconstruction tasks, showing superiority over alternative approaches.      
### 86.Robustness of deep learning algorithms in astronomy -- galaxy morphology studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00961.pdf)
>  Deep learning models are being increasingly adopted in wide array of scientific domains, especially to handle high-dimensionality and volume of the scientific data. However, these models tend to be brittle due to their complexity and overparametrization, especially to the inadvertent adversarial perturbations that can appear due to common image processing such as compression or blurring that are often seen with real scientific data. It is crucial to understand this brittleness and develop models robust to these adversarial perturbations. To this end, we study the effect of observational noise from the exposure time, as well as the worst case scenario of a one-pixel attack as a proxy for compression or telescope errors on performance of ResNet18 trained to distinguish between galaxies of different morphologies in LSST mock data. We also explore how domain adaptation techniques can help improve model robustness in case of this type of naturally occurring attacks and help scientists build more trustworthy and stable models.      
### 87.Nested Multiple Instance Learning with Attention Mechanisms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00947.pdf)
>  Multiple instance learning (MIL) is a type of weakly supervised learning where multiple instances of data with unknown labels are sorted into bags. Since knowledge about the individual instances is incomplete, labels are assigned to the bags containing the instances. While this method fits diverse applications were labelled data is scarce, it lacks depth for solving more complex scenarios where associations between sets of instances have to be made, like finding relevant regions of interest in an image or detecting events in a set of time-series signals. Nested MIL considers labelled bags within bags, where only the outermost bag is labelled and inner-bags and instances are represented as latent labels. In addition, we propose using an attention mechanism to add interpretability, providing awareness into the impact of each instance to the weak bag label. Experiments in classical image datasets show that our proposed model provides high accuracy performance as well as spotting relevant instances on image regions.      
### 88.IRA: A shape matching approach for recognition and comparison of generic atomic patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00939.pdf)
>  We propose a versatile, parameter-less approach for solving the shape matching problem, specifically in the context of atomic structures when atomic assignments are not known a priori. The algorithm Iteratively suggests Rotated atom-centered reference frames and Assignments (Iterative Rotations and Assignments, IRA). The frame for which a permutationally invariant set-set distance, namely the Hausdorff distance, returns minimal value is chosen as the solution of the matching problem. IRA is able to find rigid rotations, reflections, translations, and permutations between structures with different numbers of atoms, for any atomic arrangement and pattern, periodic or not. When distortions are present between the structures, optimal rotation and translation are found by further applying a standard Singular Value Decomposition-based method. To compute the atomic assignments under the one-to-one assignment constraint, we develop our own algorithm, Constrained Shortest Distance Assignments (CShDA). The overall approach is extensively tested on several structures, including distorted structural fragments. Efficiency of the proposed algorithm is shown as a benchmark comparison against two other shape matching algorithms. We discuss the use of our approach for the identification and comparison of structures and structural fragments through two examples: a replica exchange trajectory of a cyanine molecule, in which we show how our approach could aid the exploration of relevant collective coordinates for clustering the data; and an SiO$_2$ amorphous model, in which we compute distortion scores and compare them with a classical strain-based potential. The source code and benchmark data are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mammasmias/IterativeRotationsAssignments" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 89.Multi-Attribute Balanced Sampling for Disentangled GAN Controls  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00909.pdf)
>  Various controls over the generated data can be extracted from the latent space of a pre-trained GAN, as it implicitly encodes the semantics of the training data. The discovered controls allow to vary semantic attributes in the generated images but usually lead to entangled edits that affect multiple attributes at the same time. Supervised approaches typically sample and annotate a collection of latent codes, then train classifiers in the latent space to identify the controls. Since the data generated by GANs reflects the biases of the original dataset, so do the resulting semantic controls. We propose to address disentanglement by subsampling the generated data to remove over-represented co-occuring attributes thus balancing the semantics of the dataset before training the classifiers. We demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach by extracting disentangled linear directions for face manipulation on two popular GAN architectures, PGGAN and StyleGAN, and two datasets, CelebAHQ and FFHQ. We show that this approach outperforms state-of-the-art classifier-based methods while avoiding the need for disentanglement-enforcing post-processing.      
### 90.Simulating Realistic MRI variations to Improve Deep Learning model and visual explanations using GradCAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00837.pdf)
>  In the medical field, landmark detection in MRI plays an important role in reducing medical technician efforts in tasks like scan planning, image registration, etc. First, 88 landmarks spread across the brain anatomy in the three respective views -- sagittal, coronal, and axial are manually annotated, later guidelines from the expert clinical technicians are taken sub-anatomy-wise, for better localization of the existing landmarks, in order to identify and locate the important atlas landmarks even in oblique scans. To overcome limited data availability, we implement realistic data augmentation to generate synthetic 3D volumetric data. We use a modified HighRes3DNet model for solving brain MRI volumetric landmark detection problem. In order to visually explain our trained model on unseen data, and discern a stronger model from a weaker model, we implement Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mapping (Grad-CAM) which produces a coarse localization map highlighting the regions the model is focusing. Our experiments show that the proposed method shows favorable results, and the overall pipeline can be extended to a variable number of landmarks and other anatomies.      
### 91.Single-Item Fashion Recommender: Towards Cross-Domain Recommendations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00758.pdf)
>  Nowadays, recommender systems and search engines play an integral role in fashion e-commerce. Still, many challenges lie ahead, and this study tries to tackle some. This article first suggests a content-based fashion recommender system that uses a parallel neural network to take a single fashion item shop image as input and make in-shop recommendations by listing similar items available in the store. Next, the same structure is enhanced to personalize the results based on user preferences. This work then introduces a background augmentation technique that makes the system more robust to out-of-domain queries, enabling it to make street-to-shop recommendations using only a training set of catalog shop images. Moreover, the last contribution of this paper is a new evaluation metric for recommendation tasks called objective-guided human score. This method is an entirely customizable framework that produces interpretable, comparable scores from subjective evaluations of human scorers.      
### 92.Towards the Generalization of Contrastive Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00743.pdf)
>  Recently, self-supervised learning has attracted great attention since it only requires unlabeled data for training. Contrastive learning is a popular approach for self-supervised learning and empirically performs well in practice. However, the theoretical understanding of its generalization ability on downstream tasks is not well studied. To this end, we present a theoretical explanation of how contrastive self-supervised pre-trained models generalize to downstream tasks. Concretely, we quantitatively show that the self-supervised model has generalization ability on downstream classification tasks if it embeds input data into a feature space with distinguishing centers of classes and closely clustered intra-class samples. With the above conclusion, we further explore SimCLR and Barlow Twins, which are two canonical contrastive self-supervised methods. We prove that the aforementioned feature space can be obtained via any of the methods, and thus explain their success on the generalization on downstream classification tasks. Finally, various experiments are also conducted to verify our theoretical findings.      
### 93.Redundancy Reduction in Semantic Segmentation of 3D Brain Tumor MRIs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00742.pdf)
>  Another year of the multimodal brain tumor segmentation challenge (BraTS) 2021 provides an even larger dataset to facilitate collaboration and research of brain tumor segmentation methods, which are necessary for disease analysis and treatment planning. A large dataset size of BraTS 2021 and the advent of modern GPUs provide a better opportunity for deep-learning based approaches to learn tumor representation from the data. In this work, we maintained an encoder-decoder based segmentation network, but focused on a modification of network training process that minimizes redundancy under perturbations. Given a set trained networks, we further introduce a confidence based ensembling techniques to further improve the performance. We evaluated the method on BraTS 2021 validation board, and achieved 0.8600, 0.8868 and 0.9265 average dice for enhanced tumor core, tumor core and whole tumor, respectively. Our team (NVAUTO) submission was the top performing in terms of ET and TC scores and within top 10 performing teams in terms of WT scores.      
### 94.Influential Prototypical Networks for Few Shot Learning: A Dermatological Case Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00698.pdf)
>  Prototypical network (PN) is a simple yet effective few shot learning strategy. It is a metric-based meta-learning technique where classification is performed by computing Euclidean distances to prototypical representations of each class. Conventional PN attributes equal importance to all samples and generates prototypes by simply averaging the support sample embeddings belonging to each class. In this work, we propose a novel version of PN that attributes weights to support samples corresponding to their influence on the support sample distribution. Influence weights of samples are calculated based on maximum mean discrepancy (MMD) between the mean embeddings of sample distributions including and excluding the sample. Comprehensive evaluation of our proposed influential PN (IPNet) is performed by comparing its performance with other baseline PNs on three different benchmark dermatological datasets. IPNet outperforms all baseline models with compelling results across all three datasets and various N-way, K-shot classification tasks. Findings from cross-domain adaptation experiments further establish the robustness and generalizability of IPNet.      
### 95.Self-Verification in Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00666.pdf)
>  We devise a new regularization, called self-verification, for image denoising. This regularization is formulated using a deep image prior learned by the network, rather than a traditional predefined prior. Specifically, we treat the output of the network as a ``prior'' that we denoise again after ``re-noising''. The comparison between the again denoised image and its prior can be interpreted as a self-verification of the network's denoising ability. We demonstrate that self-verification encourages the network to capture low-level image statistics needed to restore the image. Based on this self-verification regularization, we further show that the network can learn to denoise even if it has not seen any clean images. This learning strategy is self-supervised, and we refer to it as Self-Verification Image Denoising (SVID). SVID can be seen as a mixture of learning-based methods and traditional model-based denoising methods, in which regularization is adaptively formulated using the output of the network. We show the application of SVID to various denoising tasks using only observed corrupted data. It can achieve the denoising performance close to supervised CNNs.      
### 96.Distantly Supervised Semantic Text Detection and Recognition for Broadcast Sports Videos Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00629.pdf)
>  Comprehensive understanding of key players and actions in multiplayer sports broadcast videos is a challenging problem. Unlike in news or finance videos, sports videos have limited text. While both action recognition for multiplayer sports and detection of players has seen robust research, understanding contextual text in video frames still remains one of the most impactful avenues of sports video understanding. In this work we study extremely accurate semantic text detection and recognition in sports clocks, and challenges therein. We observe unique properties of sports clocks, which makes it hard to utilize general-purpose pre-trained detectors and recognizers, so that text can be accurately understood to the degree of being used to align to external knowledge. We propose a novel distant supervision technique to automatically build sports clock datasets. Along with suitable data augmentations, combined with any state-of-the-art text detection and recognition model architectures, we extract extremely accurate semantic text. Finally, we share our computational architecture pipeline to scale this system in industrial setting and proposed a robust dataset for the same to validate our results.      
### 97.PIE: Pseudo-Invertible Encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00619.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of information compression from high dimensional data. Where many studies consider the problem of compression by non-invertible transformations, we emphasize the importance of invertible compression. We introduce new class of likelihood-based autoencoders with pseudo bijective architecture, which we call Pseudo Invertible Encoders. We provide the theoretical explanation of their principles. We evaluate Gaussian Pseudo Invertible Encoder on MNIST, where our model outperforms WAE and VAE in sharpness of the generated images.      
### 98.TorchXRayVision: A library of chest X-ray datasets and models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00595.pdf)
>  TorchXRayVision is an open source software library for working with chest X-ray datasets and deep learning models. It provides a common interface and common pre-processing chain for a wide set of publicly available chest X-ray datasets. In addition, a number of classification and representation learning models with different architectures, trained on different data combinations, are available through the library to serve as baselines or feature extractors.      
### 99.Learning to Detect Open Carry and Concealed Object with 77GHz Radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00551.pdf)
>  Detecting harmful carried objects plays a key role in intelligent surveillance systems and has widespread applications, for example, in airport security. In this paper, we focus on the relatively unexplored area of using low-cost 77GHz mmWave radar for the carried objects detection problem. The proposed system is capable of real-time detecting three classes of objects - laptop, phone, and knife - under open carry and concealed cases where objects are hidden with clothes or bags. This capability is achieved by initial signal processing for localization and generating range-azimuth-elevation image cubes, followed by a deep learning-based prediction network and a multi-shot post-processing module for detecting objects. Extensive experiments for validating the system performance on detecting open carry and concealed objects have been presented with a self-built radar-camera testbed and dataset. Additionally, the influence of different input, factors, and parameters on system performance is analyzed, providing an intuitive understanding of the system. This system would be the very first baseline for other future works aiming to detect carried objects using 77GHz radar.      
### 100.Focal Attention Networks: optimising attention for biomedical image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00534.pdf)
>  In recent years, there has been increasing interest to incorporate attention into deep learning architectures for biomedical image segmentation. The modular design of attention mechanisms enables flexible integration into convolutional neural network architectures, such as the U-Net. Whether attention is appropriate to use, what type of attention to use, and where in the network to incorporate attention modules, are all important considerations that are currently overlooked. In this paper, we investigate the role of the Focal parameter in modulating attention, revealing a link between attention in loss functions and networks. By incorporating a Focal distance penalty term, we extend the Unified Focal loss framework to include boundary-based losses. Furthermore, we develop a simple and interpretable, dataset and model-specific heuristic to integrate the Focal parameter into the Squeeze-and-Excitation block and Attention Gate, achieving optimal performance with fewer number of attention modules on three well-validated biomedical imaging datasets, suggesting judicious use of attention modules results in better performance and efficiency.      
### 101.Incorporating Boundary Uncertainty into loss functions for biomedical image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00533.pdf)
>  Manual segmentation is used as the gold-standard for evaluating neural networks on automated image segmentation tasks. Due to considerable heterogeneity in shapes, colours and textures, demarcating object boundaries is particularly difficult in biomedical images, resulting in significant inter and intra-rater variability. Approaches, such as soft labelling and distance penalty term, apply a global transformation to the ground truth, redefining the loss function with respect to uncertainty. However, global operations are computationally expensive, and neither approach accurately reflects the uncertainty underlying manual annotation. In this paper, we propose the Boundary Uncertainty, which uses morphological operations to restrict soft labelling to object boundaries, providing an appropriate representation of uncertainty in ground truth labels, and may be adapted to enable robust model training where systematic manual segmentation errors are present. We incorporate Boundary Uncertainty with the Dice loss, achieving consistently improved performance across three well-validated biomedical imaging datasets compared to soft labelling and distance-weighted penalty. Boundary Uncertainty not only more accurately reflects the segmentation process, but it is also efficient, robust to segmentation errors and exhibits better generalisation.      
### 102.Calibrating the Dice loss to handle neural network overconfidence for biomedical image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00528.pdf)
>  The Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) is both a widely used metric and loss function for biomedical image segmentation due to its robustness to class imbalance. However, it is well known that the DSC loss is poorly calibrated, resulting in overconfident predictions that cannot be usefully interpreted in biomedical and clinical practice. Performance is often the only metric used to evaluate segmentations produced by deep neural networks, and calibration is often neglected. However, calibration is important for translation into biomedical and clinical practice, providing crucial contextual information to model predictions for interpretation by scientists and clinicians. In this study, we identify poor calibration as an emerging challenge of deep learning based biomedical image segmentation. We provide a simple yet effective extension of the DSC loss, named the DSC++ loss, that selectively modulates the penalty associated with overconfident, incorrect predictions. As a standalone loss function, the DSC++ loss achieves significantly improved calibration over the conventional DSC loss across five well-validated open-source biomedical imaging datasets. Similarly, we observe significantly improved when integrating the DSC++ loss into four DSC-based loss functions. Finally, we use softmax thresholding to illustrate that well calibrated outputs enable tailoring of precision-recall bias, an important post-processing technique to adapt the model predictions to suit the biomedical or clinical task. The DSC++ loss overcomes the major limitation of the DSC, providing a suitable loss function for training deep learning segmentation models for use in biomedical and clinical practice.      
### 103.IGCN: Image-to-graph Convolutional Network for 2D/3D Deformable Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00484.pdf)
>  Organ shape reconstruction based on a single-projection image during treatment has wide clinical scope, e.g., in image-guided radiotherapy and surgical guidance. We propose an image-to-graph convolutional network that achieves deformable registration of a 3D organ mesh for a single-viewpoint 2D projection image. This framework enables simultaneous training of two types of transformation: from the 2D projection image to a displacement map, and from the sampled per-vertex feature to a 3D displacement that satisfies the geometrical constraint of the mesh structure. Assuming application to radiation therapy, the 2D/3D deformable registration performance is verified for multiple abdominal organs that have not been targeted to date, i.e., the liver, stomach, duodenum, and kidney, and for pancreatic cancer. The experimental results show shape prediction considering relationships among multiple organs can be used to predict respiratory motion and deformation from digitally reconstructed radiographs with clinically acceptable accuracy.      
### 104.Hierarchical Deep Residual Reasoning for Temporal Moment Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00417.pdf)
>  Temporal Moment Localization (TML) in untrimmed videos is a challenging task in the field of multimedia, which aims at localizing the start and end points of the activity in the video, described by a sentence query. Existing methods mainly focus on mining the correlation between video and sentence representations or investigating the fusion manner of the two modalities. These works mainly understand the video and sentence coarsely, ignoring the fact that a sentence can be understood from various semantics, and the dominant words affecting the moment localization in the semantics are the action and object reference. Toward this end, we propose a Hierarchical Deep Residual Reasoning (HDRR) model, which decomposes the video and sentence into multi-level representations with different semantics to achieve a finer-grained localization. Furthermore, considering that videos with different resolution and sentences with different length have different difficulty in understanding, we design the simple yet effective Res-BiGRUs for feature fusion, which is able to grasp the useful information in a self-adapting manner. Extensive experiments conducted on Charades-STA and ActivityNet-Captions datasets demonstrate the superiority of our HDRR model compared with other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 105.A robust single-pixel particle image velocimetry based on fully convolutional networks with cross-correlation embedded  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00395.pdf)
>  Particle image velocimetry (PIV) is essential in experimental fluid dynamics. In the current work, we propose a new velocity field estimation paradigm, which achieves a synergetic combination of the deep learning method and the traditional cross-correlation method. Specifically, the deep learning method is used to optimize and correct a coarse velocity guess to achieve a super-resolution calculation. And the cross-correlation method provides the initial velocity field based on a coarse correlation with a large interrogation window. As a reference, the coarse velocity guess helps with improving the robustness of the proposed algorithm. This fully convolutional network with embedded cross-correlation is named as CC-FCN. CC-FCN has two types of input layers, one is for the particle images, and the other is for the initial velocity field calculated using cross-correlation with a coarse resolution. Firstly, two pyramidal modules extract features of particle images and initial velocity field respectively. Then the fusion module appropriately fuses these features. Finally, CC-FCN achieves the super-resolution calculation through a series of deconvolution layers to obtain the single-pixel velocity field. As the supervised learning strategy is considered, synthetic data sets including ground-truth fluid motions are generated to train the network parameters. Synthetic and real experimental PIV data sets are used to test the trained neural network in terms of accuracy, precision, spatial resolution and robustness. The test results show that these attributes of CC-FCN are further improved compared with those of other tested PIV algorithms. The proposed model could therefore provide competitive and robust estimations for PIV experiments.      
### 106.Dual Attention Network for Heart Rate and Respiratory Rate Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00390.pdf)
>  Heart rate and respiratory rate measurement is a vital step for diagnosing many diseases. Non-contact camera based physiological measurement is more accessible and convenient in Telehealth nowadays than contact instruments such as fingertip oximeters since non-contact methods reduce risk of infection. However, remote physiological signal measurement is challenging due to environment illumination variations, head motion, facial expression, etc. It's also desirable to have a unified network which could estimate both heart rate and respiratory rate to reduce system complexity and latency. We propose a convolutional neural network which leverages spatial attention and channel attention, which we call it dual attention network (DAN) to jointly estimate heart rate and respiratory rate with camera video as input. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed system significantly improves heart rate and respiratory rate measurement accuracy.      
### 107.Functional Neural Networks for Parametric Image Restoration Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00361.pdf)
>  Almost every single image restoration problem has a closely related parameter, such as the scale factor in super-resolution, the noise level in image denoising, and the quality factor in JPEG deblocking. Although recent studies on image restoration problems have achieved great success due to the development of deep neural networks, they handle the parameter involved in an unsophisticated way. Most previous researchers either treat problems with different parameter levels as independent tasks, and train a specific model for each parameter level; or simply ignore the parameter, and train a single model for all parameter levels. The two popular approaches have their own shortcomings. The former is inefficient in computing and the latter is ineffective in performance. In this work, we propose a novel system called functional neural network (FuncNet) to solve a parametric image restoration problem with a single model. Unlike a plain neural network, the smallest conceptual element of our FuncNet is no longer a floating-point variable, but a function of the parameter of the problem. This feature makes it both efficient and effective for a parametric problem. We apply FuncNet to super-resolution, image denoising, and JPEG deblocking. The experimental results show the superiority of our FuncNet on all three parametric image restoration tasks over the state of the arts.      
### 108.Get Fooled for the Right Reason: Improving Adversarial Robustness through a Teacher-guided Curriculum Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00295.pdf)
>  Current SOTA adversarially robust models are mostly based on adversarial training (AT) and differ only by some regularizers either at inner maximization or outer minimization steps. Being repetitive in nature during the inner maximization step, they take a huge time to train. We propose a non-iterative method that enforces the following ideas during training. Attribution maps are more aligned to the actual object in the image for adversarially robust models compared to naturally trained models. Also, the allowed set of pixels to perturb an image (that changes model decision) should be restricted to the object pixels only, which reduces the attack strength by limiting the attack space. Our method achieves significant performance gains with a little extra effort (10-20%) over existing AT models and outperforms all other methods in terms of adversarial as well as natural accuracy. We have performed extensive experimentation with CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and TinyImageNet datasets and reported results against many popular strong adversarial attacks to prove the effectiveness of our method.      
### 109.Cross-Modality Fusion Transformer for Multispectral Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00273.pdf)
>  Multispectral image pairs can provide the combined information, making object detection applications more reliable and robust in the open world. To fully exploit the different modalities, we present a simple yet effective cross-modality feature fusion approach, named Cross-Modality Fusion Transformer (CFT) in this paper. Unlike prior CNNs-based works, guided by the transformer scheme, our network learns long-range dependencies and integrates global contextual information in the feature extraction stage. More importantly, by leveraging the self attention of the transformer, the network can naturally carry out simultaneous intra-modality and inter-modality fusion, and robustly capture the latent interactions between RGB and Thermal domains, thereby significantly improving the performance of multispectral object detection. Extensive experiments and ablation studies on multiple datasets demonstrate that our approach is effective and achieves state-of-the-art detection performance. Our code and models will be released soon at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DocF/multispectral-object-detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 110.Unpaired Learning for High Dynamic Range Image Tone Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00219.pdf)
>  High dynamic range (HDR) photography is becoming increasingly popular and available by DSLR and mobile-phone cameras. While deep neural networks (DNN) have greatly impacted other domains of image manipulation, their use for HDR tone-mapping is limited due to the lack of a definite notion of ground-truth solution, which is needed for producing training data. <br>In this paper we describe a new tone-mapping approach guided by the distinct goal of producing low dynamic range (LDR) renditions that best reproduce the visual characteristics of native LDR images. This goal enables the use of an unpaired adversarial training based on unrelated sets of HDR and LDR images, both of which are widely available and easy to acquire. <br>In order to achieve an effective training under this minimal requirements, we introduce the following new steps and components: (i) a range-normalizing pre-process which estimates and applies a different level of curve-based compression, (ii) a loss that preserves the input content while allowing the network to achieve its goal, and (iii) the use of a more concise discriminator network, designed to promote the reproduction of low-level attributes native LDR possess. <br>Evaluation of the resulting network demonstrates its ability to produce photo-realistic artifact-free tone-mapped images, and state-of-the-art performance on different image fidelity indices and visual distances.      
### 111.Mastering Atari Games with Limited Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00210.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning has achieved great success in many applications. However, sample efficiency remains a key challenge, with prominent methods requiring millions (or even billions) of environment steps to train. Recently, there has been significant progress in sample efficient image-based RL algorithms; however, consistent human-level performance on the Atari game benchmark remains an elusive goal. We propose a sample efficient model-based visual RL algorithm built on MuZero, which we name EfficientZero. Our method achieves 190.4% mean human performance and 116.0% median performance on the Atari 100k benchmark with only two hours of real-time game experience and outperforms the state SAC in some tasks on the DMControl 100k benchmark. This is the first time an algorithm achieves super-human performance on Atari games with such little data. EfficientZero's performance is also close to DQN's performance at 200 million frames while we consume 500 times less data. EfficientZero's low sample complexity and high performance can bring RL closer to real-world applicability. We implement our algorithm in an easy-to-understand manner and it is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YeWR/EfficientZero" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. We hope it will accelerate the research of MCTS-based RL algorithms in the wider community.      
### 112.M2MRF: Many-to-Many Reassembly of Features for Tiny Lesion Segmentation in Fundus Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00193.pdf)
>  Feature reassembly is an essential component in modern CNNs-based segmentation approaches, which includes feature downsampling and upsampling operators. Existing feature reassembly operators reassemble multiple features from a small predefined region into one for each target location independently. This may result in loss of spatial information, which could vanish activations of tiny lesions particularly when they cluster together. In this paper, we propose a many-to-many reassembly of features (M2MRF). It reassembles features in a dimension-reduced feature space and simultaneously aggregates multiple features inside a large predefined region into multiple target features. In this way, long range spatial dependencies are captured to maintain activations on tiny lesions, particularly when multiple lesions coexist. Experimental results on two lesion segmentation benchmarks, i.e. DDR and IDRiD, show that our M2MRF outperforms existing feature reassembly operators.      
### 113.Predicting Atlantic Multidecadal Variability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00124.pdf)
>  Atlantic Multidecadal Variability (AMV) describes variations of North Atlantic sea surface temperature with a typical cycle of between 60 and 70 years. AMV strongly impacts local climate over North America and Europe, therefore prediction of AMV, especially the extreme values, is of great societal utility for understanding and responding to regional climate change. This work tests multiple machine learning models to improve the state of AMV prediction from maps of sea surface temperature, salinity, and sea level pressure in the North Atlantic region. We use data from the Community Earth System Model 1 Large Ensemble Project, a state-of-the-art climate model with 3,440 years of data. Our results demonstrate that all of the models we use outperform the traditional persistence forecast baseline. Predicting the AMV is important for identifying future extreme temperatures and precipitation, as well as hurricane activity, in Europe and North America up to 25 years in advance.      
### 114.FC2T2: The Fast Continuous Convolutional Taylor Transform with Applications in Vision and Graphics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00110.pdf)
>  Series expansions have been a cornerstone of applied mathematics and engineering for centuries. In this paper, we revisit the Taylor series expansion from a modern Machine Learning perspective. Specifically, we introduce the Fast Continuous Convolutional Taylor Transform (FC2T2), a variant of the Fast Multipole Method (FMM), that allows for the efficient approximation of low dimensional convolutional operators in continuous space. We build upon the FMM which is an approximate algorithm that reduces the computational complexity of N-body problems from O(NM) to O(N+M) and finds application in e.g. particle simulations. As an intermediary step, the FMM produces a series expansion for every cell on a grid and we introduce algorithms that act directly upon this representation. These algorithms analytically but approximately compute the quantities required for the forward and backward pass of the backpropagation algorithm and can therefore be employed as (implicit) layers in Neural Networks. Specifically, we introduce a root-implicit layer that outputs surface normals and object distances as well as an integral-implicit layer that outputs a rendering of a radiance field given a 3D pose. In the context of Machine Learning, $N$ and $M$ can be understood as the number of model parameters and model evaluations respectively which entails that, for applications that require repeated function evaluations which are prevalent in Computer Vision and Graphics, unlike regular Neural Networks, the techniques introduce in this paper scale gracefully with parameters. For some applications, this results in a 200x reduction in FLOPs compared to state-of-the-art approaches at a reasonable or non-existent loss in accuracy.      
### 115.Fetal MRI by robust deep generative prior reconstruction and diffeomorphic registration: application to gestational age prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00102.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging of whole fetal body and placenta is limited by different sources of motion affecting the womb. Usual scanning techniques employ single-shot multi-slice sequences where anatomical information in different slices may be subject to different deformations, contrast variations or artifacts. Volumetric reconstruction formulations have been proposed to correct for these factors, but they must accommodate a non-homogeneous and non-isotropic sampling, so regularization becomes necessary. Thus, in this paper we propose a deep generative prior for robust volumetric reconstructions integrated with a diffeomorphic volume to slice registration method. Experiments are performed to validate our contributions and compare with a state of the art method in a cohort of $72$ fetal datasets in the range of $20-36$ weeks gestational age. Results suggest improved image resolution and more accurate prediction of gestational age at scan when comparing to a state of the art reconstruction method. In addition, gestational age prediction results from our volumetric reconstructions compare favourably with existing brain-based approaches, with boosted accuracy when integrating information of organs other than the brain. Namely, a mean absolute error of $0.618$ weeks ($R^2=0.958$) is achieved when combining fetal brain and trunk information.      
### 116.DeepDoseNet: A Deep Learning model for 3D Dose Prediction in Radiation Therapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.00077.pdf)
>  The DeepDoseNet 3D dose prediction model based on ResNet and Dilated DenseNet is proposed. The 340 head-and-neck datasets from the 2020 AAPM OpenKBP challenge were utilized, with 200 for training, 40 for validation, and 100 for testing. Structures include 56Gy, 63Gy, 70Gy PTVs, and brainstem, spinal cord, right parotid, left parotid, larynx, esophagus, and mandible OARs. Mean squared error (MSE) loss, mean absolute error (MAE) loss, and MAE plus dose-volume histogram (DVH) based loss functions were investigated. Each model's performance was compared using a 3D dose score, $\bar{S_{D}}$, (mean absolute difference between ground truth and predicted 3D dose distributions) and a DVH score, $\bar{S_{DVH}}$ (mean absolute difference between ground truth and predicted dose-volume metrics).Furthermore, DVH metrics Mean[Gy] and D0.1cc [Gy] for OARs and D99%, D95%, D1% for PTVs were computed. DeepDoseNet with the MAE plus DVH-based loss function had the best dose score performance of the OpenKBP entries. MAE+DVH model had the lowest prediction error (P&lt;0.0001, Wilcoxon test) on validation and test datasets (validation: $\bar{S_{D}}$=2.3Gy, $\bar{S_{DVH}}$=1.9Gy; test: $\bar{S_{D}}$=2.0Gy, $\bar{S_{DVH}}$=1.6Gy) followed by the MAE model (validation: $\bar{S_{D}}$=3.6Gy, $\bar{S_{DVH}}$=2.4Gy; test: $\bar{S_{D}}$=3.5Gy, $\bar{S_{DVH}}$=2.3Gy). The MSE model had the highest prediction error (validation: $\bar{S_{D}}$=3.7Gy, $\bar{S_{DVH}}$=3.2Gy; test: $\bar{S_{D}}$=3.6Gy, $\bar{S_{DVH}}$=3.0Gy). No significant difference was found among models in terms of Mean [Gy], but the MAE+DVH model significantly outperformed the MAE and MSE models in terms of D0.1cc[Gy], particularly for mandible and parotids on both validation (P&lt;0.01) and test (P&lt;0.0001) datasets. MAE+DVH outperformed (P&lt;0.0001) in terms of D99%, D95%, D1% for targets. MAE+DVH reduced $\bar{S_{D}}$ by ~60% and $\bar{S_{DVH}}$ by ~70%.      
### 117.Multiple Sclerosis Lesions Identification/Segmentation in Magnetic Resonance Imaging using Ensemble CNN and Uncertainty Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11791.pdf)
>  To date, several automated strategies for identification/segmentation of Multiple Sclerosis (MS) lesions with the use of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) have been presented but they are either outperformed by human experts or perform differently from them. This is mainly due to the ambiguity originated by MRI instabilities, peculiar variability of MS and unspecific nature of MRI with respect to MS. Physicians partially manage the uncertainty generated by ambiguity relying on their personal radiological/clinical/anatomical background and experience. We present an automated framework based on three pivotal concepts to better emulate human reasoning: 1. the modelling of uncertainty; 2. the proposal of two, separately trained, CNN, one optimized with respect to lesions themselves and the other to the environment surrounding lesions, respectively repeated for axial, coronal and sagittal directions; 3. the definition of an ensemble classifier to merge the information collected by all CNN. The proposed framework is trained, validated and tested on the 2016 MSSEG benchmark public data set from a single imaging modality, the FLuid-Attenuated Inversion Recovery (FLAIR). The comparison, made with the consensus (the ground-truth) between 7 human raters and with each of the 7 human raters, proves that there is no significant difference between the automated and the human raters. The results of our framework concerning the uncertainty are also reported, even if a comparison with the raters is impossible because they don't recognize this class.      
