# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 12 Nov 2021
### 1.The Emergence of Objectness: Learning Zero-Shot Segmentation from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06394.pdf)
>  Humans can easily segment moving objects without knowing what they are. That objectness could emerge from continuous visual observations motivates us to model grouping and movement concurrently from unlabeled videos. Our premise is that a video has different views of the same scene related by moving components, and the right region segmentation and region flow would allow mutual view synthesis which can be checked from the data itself without any external supervision. Our model starts with two separate pathways: an appearance pathway that outputs feature-based region segmentation for a single image, and a motion pathway that outputs motion features for a pair of images. It then binds them in a conjoint representation called segment flow that pools flow offsets over each region and provides a gross characterization of moving regions for the entire scene. By training the model to minimize view synthesis errors based on segment flow, our appearance and motion pathways learn region segmentation and flow estimation automatically without building them up from low-level edges or optical flows respectively. Our model demonstrates the surprising emergence of objectness in the appearance pathway, surpassing prior works on zero-shot object segmentation from an image, moving object segmentation from a video with unsupervised test-time adaptation, and semantic image segmentation by supervised fine-tuning. Our work is the first truly end-to-end zero-shot object segmentation from videos. It not only develops generic objectness for segmentation and tracking, but also outperforms prevalent image-based contrastive learning methods without augmentation engineering.      
### 2.Masked Autoencoders Are Scalable Vision Learners  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06377.pdf)
>  This paper shows that masked autoencoders (MAE) are scalable self-supervised learners for computer vision. Our MAE approach is simple: we mask random patches of the input image and reconstruct the missing pixels. It is based on two core designs. First, we develop an asymmetric encoder-decoder architecture, with an encoder that operates only on the visible subset of patches (without mask tokens), along with a lightweight decoder that reconstructs the original image from the latent representation and mask tokens. Second, we find that masking a high proportion of the input image, e.g., 75%, yields a nontrivial and meaningful self-supervisory task. Coupling these two designs enables us to train large models efficiently and effectively: we accelerate training (by 3x or more) and improve accuracy. Our scalable approach allows for learning high-capacity models that generalize well: e.g., a vanilla ViT-Huge model achieves the best accuracy (87.8%) among methods that use only ImageNet-1K data. Transfer performance in downstream tasks outperforms supervised pre-training and shows promising scaling behavior.      
### 3.Unsupervised Part Discovery from Contrastive Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06349.pdf)
>  The goal of self-supervised visual representation learning is to learn strong, transferable image representations, with the majority of research focusing on object or scene level. On the other hand, representation learning at part level has received significantly less attention. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised approach to object part discovery and segmentation and make three contributions. First, we construct a proxy task through a set of objectives that encourages the model to learn a meaningful decomposition of the image into its parts. Secondly, prior work argues for reconstructing or clustering pre-computed features as a proxy to parts; we show empirically that this alone is unlikely to find meaningful parts; mainly because of their low resolution and the tendency of classification networks to spatially smear out information. We suggest that image reconstruction at the level of pixels can alleviate this problem, acting as a complementary cue. Lastly, we show that the standard evaluation based on keypoint regression does not correlate well with segmentation quality and thus introduce different metrics, NMI and ARI, that better characterize the decomposition of objects into parts. Our method yields semantic parts which are consistent across fine-grained but visually distinct categories, outperforming the state of the art on three benchmark datasets. Code is available at the project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~vgg/research/unsup-parts/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Automatically identifying a mobile phone user's position within a vehicle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06306.pdf)
>  Traffic-related injuries and fatalities are major health risks in the United States. Mobile phone use while driving quadruples the risk for a motor vehicle crash. This work demonstrates the feasibility of using the mobile phone camera to passively detect the location of the phone's user within a vehicle. In a large, varied dataset we were able correctly identify if the user was in the driver's seat or one of the passenger seats with 94.9% accuracy. This model could be used by application developers to selectively change or lock functionality while a user is driving, but not if the user is a passenger in a moving vehicle.      
### 5.6D Pose Estimation with Combined Deep Learning and 3D Vision Techniques for a Fast and Accurate Object Grasping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06276.pdf)
>  Real-time robotic grasping, supporting a subsequent precise object-in-hand operation task, is a priority target towards highly advanced autonomous systems. However, such an algorithm which can perform sufficiently-accurate grasping with time efficiency is yet to be found. This paper proposes a novel method with a 2-stage approach that combines a fast 2D object recognition using a deep neural network and a subsequent accurate and fast 6D pose estimation based on Point Pair Feature framework to form a real-time 3D object recognition and grasping solution capable of multi-object class scenes. The proposed solution has a potential to perform robustly on real-time applications, requiring both efficiency and accuracy. In order to validate our method, we conducted extensive and thorough experiments involving laborious preparation of our own dataset. The experiment results show that the proposed method scores 97.37% accuracy in 5cm5deg metric and 99.37% in Average Distance metric. Experiment results have shown an overall 62% relative improvement (5cm5deg metric) and 52.48% (Average Distance metric) by using the proposed method. Moreover, the pose estimation execution also showed an average improvement of 47.6% in running time. Finally, to illustrate the overall efficiency of the system in real-time operations, a pick-and-place robotic experiment is conducted and has shown a convincing success rate with 90% of accuracy. This experiment video is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/dl-ppf6dpose/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Dense Unsupervised Learning for Video Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06265.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to unsupervised learning for video object segmentation (VOS). Unlike previous work, our formulation allows to learn dense feature representations directly in a fully convolutional regime. We rely on uniform grid sampling to extract a set of anchors and train our model to disambiguate between them on both inter- and intra-video levels. However, a naive scheme to train such a model results in a degenerate solution. We propose to prevent this with a simple regularisation scheme, accommodating the equivariance property of the segmentation task to similarity transformations. Our training objective admits efficient implementation and exhibits fast training convergence. On established VOS benchmarks, our approach exceeds the segmentation accuracy of previous work despite using significantly less training data and compute power.      
### 7.Towards Domain-Independent and Real-Time Gesture Recognition Using mmWave Signal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06195.pdf)
>  Human gesture recognition using millimeter wave (mmWave) signals provides attractive applications including smart home and in-car interface. While existing works achieve promising performance under controlled settings, practical applications are still limited due to the need of intensive data collection, extra training efforts when adapting to new domains (i.e. environments, persons and locations) and poor performance for real-time recognition. In this paper, we propose DI-Gesture, a domain-independent and real-time mmWave gesture recognition system. Specifically, we first derive the signal variation corresponding to human gestures with spatial-temporal processing. To enhance the robustness of the system and reduce data collecting efforts, we design a data augmentation framework based on the correlation between signal patterns and gesture variations. Furthermore, we propose a dynamic window mechanism to perform gesture segmentation automatically and accurately, thus enable real-time recognition. Finally, we build a lightweight neural network to extract spatial-temporal information from the data for gesture classification. Extensive experimental results show DI-Gesture achieves an average accuracy of 97.92%, 99.18% and 98.76% for new users, environments and locations, respectively. In real-time scenario, the accuracy of DI-Gesutre reaches over 97% with average inference time of 2.87ms, which demonstrates the superior robustness and effectiveness of our system.      
### 8.Clicking Matters:Towards Interactive Human Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06162.pdf)
>  In this work, we focus on Interactive Human Parsing (IHP), which aims to segment a human image into multiple human body parts with guidance from users' interactions. This new task inherits the class-aware property of human parsing, which cannot be well solved by traditional interactive image segmentation approaches that are generally class-agnostic. To tackle this new task, we first exploit user clicks to identify different human parts in the given image. These clicks are subsequently transformed into semantic-aware localization maps, which are concatenated with the RGB image to form the input of the segmentation network and generate the initial parsing result. To enable the network to better perceive user's purpose during the correction process, we investigate several principal ways for the refinement, and reveal that random-sampling-based click augmentation is the best way for promoting the correction effectiveness. Furthermore, we also propose a semantic-perceiving loss (SP-loss) to augment the training, which can effectively exploit the semantic relationships of clicks for better optimization. To the best knowledge, this work is the first attempt to tackle the human parsing task under the interactive setting. Our IHP solution achieves 85\% mIoU on the benchmark LIP, 80\% mIoU on PASCAL-Person-Part and CIHP, 75\% mIoU on Helen with only 1.95, 3.02, 2.84 and 1.09 clicks per class respectively. These results demonstrate that we can simply acquire high-quality human parsing masks with only a few human effort. We hope this work can motivate more researchers to develop data-efficient solutions to IHP in the future.      
### 9.Spatio-Temporal Scene-Graph Embedding for Autonomous Vehicle Collision Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06123.pdf)
>  In autonomous vehicles (AVs), early warning systems rely on collision prediction to ensure occupant safety. However, state-of-the-art methods using deep convolutional networks either fail at modeling collisions or are too expensive/slow, making them less suitable for deployment on AV edge hardware. To address these limitations, we propose sg2vec, a spatio-temporal scene-graph embedding methodology that uses Graph Neural Network (GNN) and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) layers to predict future collisions via visual scene perception. We demonstrate that sg2vec predicts collisions 8.11% more accurately and 39.07% earlier than the state-of-the-art method on synthesized datasets, and 29.47% more accurately on a challenging real-world collision dataset. We also show that sg2vec is better than the state-of-the-art at transferring knowledge from synthetic datasets to real-world driving datasets. Finally, we demonstrate that sg2vec performs inference 9.3x faster with an 88.0% smaller model, 32.4% less power, and 92.8% less energy than the state-of-the-art method on the industry-standard Nvidia DRIVE PX 2 platform, making it more suitable for implementation on the edge.      
### 10.Fine-Grained Image Analysis with Deep Learning: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06119.pdf)
>  Fine-grained image analysis (FGIA) is a longstanding and fundamental problem in computer vision and pattern recognition, and underpins a diverse set of real-world applications. The task of FGIA targets analyzing visual objects from subordinate categories, e.g., species of birds or models of cars. The small inter-class and large intra-class variation inherent to fine-grained image analysis makes it a challenging problem. Capitalizing on advances in deep learning, in recent years we have witnessed remarkable progress in deep learning powered FGIA. In this paper we present a systematic survey of these advances, where we attempt to re-define and broaden the field of FGIA by consolidating two fundamental fine-grained research areas -- fine-grained image recognition and fine-grained image retrieval. In addition, we also review other key issues of FGIA, such as publicly available benchmark datasets and related domain-specific applications. We conclude by highlighting several research directions and open problems which need further exploration from the community.      
### 11.Open surgery tool classification and hand utilization using a multi-camera system  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06098.pdf)
>  Purpose: The goal of this work is to use multi-camera video to classify open surgery tools as well as identify which tool is held in each hand. Multi-camera systems help prevent occlusions in open surgery video data. Furthermore, combining multiple views such as a Top-view camera covering the full operative field and a Close-up camera focusing on hand motion and anatomy, may provide a more comprehensive view of the surgical workflow. However, multi-camera data fusion poses a new challenge: a tool may be visible in one camera and not the other. Thus, we defined the global ground truth as the tools being used regardless their visibility. Therefore, tools that are out of the image should be remembered for extensive periods of time while the system responds quickly to changes visible in the video. <br>Methods: Participants (n=48) performed a simulated open bowel repair. A Top-view and a Close-up cameras were used. YOLOv5 was used for tool and hand detection. A high frequency LSTM with a 1 second window at 30 frames per second (fps) and a low frequency LSTM with a 40 second window at 3 fps were used for spatial, temporal, and multi-camera integration. <br>Results: The accuracy and F1 of the six systems were: Top-view (0.88/0.88), Close-up (0.81,0.83), both cameras (0.9/0.9), high fps LSTM (0.92/0.93), low fps LSTM (0.9/0.91), and our final architecture the Multi-camera classifier(0.93/0.94). <br>Conclusion: By combining a system with a high fps and a low fps from the multiple camera array we improved the classification abilities of the global ground truth.      
### 12.A Survey of Visual Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06091.pdf)
>  Transformer, an attention-based encoder-decoder architecture, has revolutionized the field of natural language processing. Inspired by this significant achievement, some pioneering works have recently been done on adapting Transformerliked architectures to Computer Vision (CV) fields, which have demonstrated their effectiveness on various CV tasks. Relying on competitive modeling capability, visual Transformers have achieved impressive performance on multiple benchmarks such as ImageNet, COCO, and ADE20k as compared with modern Convolution Neural Networks (CNN). In this paper, we have provided a comprehensive review of over one hundred different visual Transformers for three fundamental CV tasks (classification, detection, and segmentation), where a taxonomy is proposed to organize these methods according to their motivations, structures, and usage scenarios. Because of the differences in training settings and oriented tasks, we have also evaluated these methods on different configurations for easy and intuitive comparison instead of only various benchmarks. Furthermore, we have revealed a series of essential but unexploited aspects that may empower Transformer to stand out from numerous architectures, e.g., slack high-level semantic embeddings to bridge the gap between visual and sequential Transformers. Finally, three promising future research directions are suggested for further investment.      
### 13.Graph Relation Transformer: Incorporating pairwise object features into the Transformer architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06075.pdf)
>  Previous studies such as VizWiz find that Visual Question Answering (VQA) systems that can read and reason about text in images are useful in application areas such as assisting visually-impaired people. TextVQA is a VQA dataset geared towards this problem, where the questions require answering systems to read and reason about visual objects and text objects in images. One key challenge in TextVQA is the design of a system that effectively reasons not only about visual and text objects individually, but also about the spatial relationships between these objects. This motivates the use of 'edge features', that is, information about the relationship between each pair of objects. Some current TextVQA models address this problem but either only use categories of relations (rather than edge feature vectors) or do not use edge features within the Transformer architectures. In order to overcome these shortcomings, we propose a Graph Relation Transformer (GRT), which uses edge information in addition to node information for graph attention computation in the Transformer. We find that, without using any other optimizations, the proposed GRT method outperforms the accuracy of the M4C baseline model by 0.65% on the val set and 0.57% on the test set. Qualitatively, we observe that the GRT has superior spatial reasoning ability to M4C.      
### 14.Indian Licence Plate Dataset in the wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06054.pdf)
>  Indian Licence Plate Detection is a problem that has not been explored much at an open-source level.There are proprietary solutions available for it, but there is no big open-source dataset that can be used to perform experiments and test different approaches.Most of the large datasets available are for countries like China, Brazil, but the model trained on these datasets does not perform well on Indian plates because the font styles and plate designs used vary significantly from country to country.This paper introduces an Indian license plate dataset with 16192 images and 21683 plate plates annotated with 4 points for each plate and each character in the corresponding plate.We present a benchmark model that uses semantic segmentation to solve number plate detection. We propose a two-stage approach in which the first stage is for localizing the plate, and the second stage is to read the text in cropped plate image.We tested benchmark object detection and semantic segmentation model, for the second stage, we used lprnet based OCR.      
### 15.Hybrid Saturation Restoration for LDR Images of HDR Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06038.pdf)
>  There are shadow and highlight regions in a low dynamic range (LDR) image which is captured from a high dynamic range (HDR) scene. It is an ill-posed problem to restore the saturated regions of the LDR image. In this paper, the saturated regions of the LDR image are restored by fusing model-based and data-driven approaches. With such a neural augmentation, two synthetic LDR images are first generated from the underlying LDR image via the model-based approach. One is brighter than the input image to restore the shadow regions and the other is darker than the input image to restore the high-light regions. Both synthetic images are then refined via a novel exposedness aware saturation restoration network (EASRN). Finally, the two synthetic images and the input image are combined together via an HDR synthesis algorithm or a multi-scale exposure fusion algorithm. The proposed algorithm can be embedded in any smart phones or digital cameras to produce an information-enriched LDR image.      
### 16.FINO: Flow-based Joint Image and Noise Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06031.pdf)
>  One of the fundamental challenges in image restoration is denoising, where the objective is to estimate the clean image from its noisy measurements. To tackle such an ill-posed inverse problem, the existing denoising approaches generally focus on exploiting effective natural image priors. The utilization and analysis of the noise model are often ignored, although the noise model can provide complementary information to the denoising algorithms. In this paper, we propose a novel Flow-based joint Image and NOise model (FINO) that distinctly decouples the image and noise in the latent space and losslessly reconstructs them via a series of invertible transformations. We further present a variable swapping strategy to align structural information in images and a noise correlation matrix to constrain the noise based on spatially minimized correlation information. Experimental results demonstrate FINO's capacity to remove both synthetic additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN) and real noise. Furthermore, the generalization of FINO to the removal of spatially variant noise and noise with inaccurate estimation surpasses that of the popular and state-of-the-art methods by large margins.      
### 17.Semantic-aware Representation Learning Via Probability Contrastive Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06021.pdf)
>  Recent feature contrastive learning (FCL) has shown promising performance in unsupervised representation learning. For the close-set representation learning where labeled data and unlabeled data belong to the same semantic space, however, FCL cannot show overwhelming gains due to not involving the class semantics during optimization. Consequently, the produced features do not guarantee to be easily classified by the class weights learned from labeled data although they are information-rich. To tackle this issue, we propose a novel probability contrastive learning (PCL) in this paper, which not only produces rich features but also enforces them to be distributed around the class prototypes. Specifically, we propose to use the output probabilities after softmax to perform contrastive learning instead of the extracted features in FCL. Evidently, such a way can exploit the class semantics during optimization. Moreover, we propose to remove the $\ell_{2}$ normalization in the traditional FCL and directly use the $\ell_{1}$-normalized probability for contrastive learning. Our proposed PCL is simple and effective. We conduct extensive experiments on three close-set image classification tasks, i.e., unsupervised domain adaptation, semi-supervised learning, and semi-supervised domain adaptation. The results on multiple datasets demonstrate that our PCL can consistently get considerable gains and achieves the state-of-the-art performance for all three tasks.      
### 18.csBoundary: City-scale Road-boundary Detection in Aerial Images for High-definition Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06020.pdf)
>  High-Definition (HD) maps can provide precise geometric and semantic information of static traffic environments for autonomous driving. Road-boundary is one of the most important information contained in HD maps since it distinguishes between road areas and off-road areas, which can guide vehicles to drive within road areas. But it is labor-intensive to annotate road boundaries for HD maps at the city scale. To enable automatic HD map annotation, current work uses semantic segmentation or iterative graph growing for road-boundary detection. However, the former could not ensure topological correctness since it works at the pixel level, while the latter suffers from inefficiency and drifting issues. To provide a solution to the aforementioned problems, in this letter, we propose a novel system termed csBoundary to automatically detect road boundaries at the city scale for HD map annotation. Our network takes as input an aerial image patch, and directly infers the continuous road-boundary graph (i.e., vertices and edges) from this image. To generate the city-scale road-boundary graph, we stitch the obtained graphs from all the image patches. Our csBoundary is evaluated and compared on a public benchmark dataset. The results demonstrate our superiority. The accompanied demonstration video is available at our project page \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/csboundary/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 19.Synthetic Document Generator for Annotation-free Layout Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06016.pdf)
>  Analyzing the layout of a document to identify headers, sections, tables, figures etc. is critical to understanding its content. Deep learning based approaches for detecting the layout structure of document images have been promising. However, these methods require a large number of annotated examples during training, which are both expensive and time consuming to obtain. We describe here a synthetic document generator that automatically produces realistic documents with labels for spatial positions, extents and categories of the layout elements. The proposed generative process treats every physical component of a document as a random variable and models their intrinsic dependencies using a Bayesian Network graph. Our hierarchical formulation using stochastic templates allow parameter sharing between documents for retaining broad themes and yet the distributional characteristics produces visually unique samples, thereby capturing complex and diverse layouts. We empirically illustrate that a deep layout detection model trained purely on the synthetic documents can match the performance of a model that uses real documents.      
### 20.Traffic4cast -- Large-scale Traffic Prediction using 3DResNet and Sparse-UNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05990.pdf)
>  The IARAI competition Traffic4cast 2021 aims to predict short-term city-wide high-resolution traffic states given the static and dynamic traffic information obtained previously. The aim is to build a machine learning model for predicting the normalized average traffic speed and flow of the subregions of multiple large-scale cities using historical data points. The model is supposed to be generic, in a way that it can be applied to new cities. By considering spatiotemporal feature learning and modeling efficiency, we explore 3DResNet and Sparse-UNet approaches for the tasks in this competition. The 3DResNet based models use 3D convolution to learn the spatiotemporal features and apply sequential convolutional layers to enhance the temporal relationship of the outputs. The Sparse-UNet model uses sparse convolutions as the backbone for spatiotemporal feature learning. Since the latter algorithm mainly focuses on non-zero data points of the inputs, it dramatically reduces the computation time, while maintaining a competitive accuracy. Our results show that both of the proposed models achieve much better performance than the baseline algorithms. The codes and pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/resuly/Traffic4Cast-2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Self-Supervised Real-time Video Stabilization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05980.pdf)
>  Videos are a popular media form, where online video streaming has recently gathered much popularity. In this work, we propose a novel method of real-time video stabilization - transforming a shaky video to a stabilized video as if it were stabilized via gimbals in real-time. Our framework is trainable in a self-supervised manner, which does not require data captured with special hardware setups (i.e., two cameras on a stereo rig or additional motion sensors). Our framework consists of a transformation estimator between given frames for global stability adjustments, followed by scene parallax reduction module via spatially smoothed optical flow for further stability. Then, a margin inpainting module fills in the missing margin regions created during stabilization to reduce the amount of post-cropping. These sequential steps reduce distortion and margin cropping to a minimum while enhancing stability. Hence, our approach outperforms state-of-the-art real-time video stabilization methods as well as offline methods that require camera trajectory optimization. Our method procedure takes approximately 24.3 ms yielding 41 fps regardless of resolution (e.g., 480p or 1080p).      
### 22.Feature Generation for Long-tail Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05956.pdf)
>  The visual world naturally exhibits an imbalance in the number of object or scene instances resulting in a \emph{long-tailed distribution}. This imbalance poses significant challenges for classification models based on deep learning. Oversampling instances of the tail classes attempts to solve this imbalance. However, the limited visual diversity results in a network with poor representation ability. A simple counter to this is decoupling the representation and classifier networks and using oversampling only to train the classifier. In this paper, instead of repeatedly re-sampling the same image (and thereby features), we explore a direction that attempts to generate meaningful features by estimating the tail category's distribution. Inspired by ideas from recent work on few-shot learning, we create calibrated distributions to sample additional features that are subsequently used to train the classifier. Through several experiments on the CIFAR-100-LT (long-tail) dataset with varying imbalance factors and on mini-ImageNet-LT (long-tail), we show the efficacy of our approach and establish a new state-of-the-art. We also present a qualitative analysis of generated features using t-SNE visualizations and analyze the nearest neighbors used to calibrate the tail class distributions. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rahulvigneswaran/TailCalibX" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Self-Supervised Multi-Object Tracking with Cross-Input Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05943.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a self-supervised learning procedure for training a robust multi-object tracking (MOT) model given only unlabeled video. While several self-supervisory learning signals have been proposed in prior work on single-object tracking, such as color propagation and cycle-consistency, these signals cannot be directly applied for training RNN models, which are needed to achieve accurate MOT: they yield degenerate models that, for instance, always match new detections to tracks with the closest initial detections. We propose a novel self-supervisory signal that we call cross-input consistency: we construct two distinct inputs for the same sequence of video, by hiding different information about the sequence in each input. We then compute tracks in that sequence by applying an RNN model independently on each input, and train the model to produce consistent tracks across the two inputs. We evaluate our unsupervised method on MOT17 and KITTI -- remarkably, we find that, despite training only on unlabeled video, our unsupervised approach outperforms four supervised methods published in the last 1--2 years, including Tracktor++, FAMNet, GSM, and mmMOT.      
### 24.Dance In the Wild: Monocular Human Animation with Neural Dynamic Appearance Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05916.pdf)
>  Synthesizing dynamic appearances of humans in motion plays a central role in applications such as AR/VR and video editing. While many recent methods have been proposed to tackle this problem, handling loose garments with complex textures and high dynamic motion still remains challenging. In this paper, we propose a video based appearance synthesis method that tackles such challenges and demonstrates high quality results for in-the-wild videos that have not been shown before. Specifically, we adopt a StyleGAN based architecture to the task of person specific video based motion retargeting. We introduce a novel motion signature that is used to modulate the generator weights to capture dynamic appearance changes as well as regularizing the single frame based pose estimates to improve temporal coherency. We evaluate our method on a set of challenging videos and show that our approach achieves state-of-the art performance both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 25.An Extensive Study of User Identification via Eye Movements across Multiple Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05901.pdf)
>  Several studies have reported that biometric identification based on eye movement characteristics can be used for authentication. This paper provides an extensive study of user identification via eye movements across multiple datasets based on an improved version of method originally proposed by George and Routray. We analyzed our method with respect to several factors that affect the identification accuracy, such as the type of stimulus, the IVT parameters (used for segmenting the trajectories into fixation and saccades), adding new features such as higher-order derivatives of eye movements, the inclusion of blink information, template aging, age and gender.We find that three methods namely selecting optimal IVT parameters, adding higher-order derivatives features and including an additional blink classifier have a positive impact on the identification accuracy. The improvements range from a few percentage points, up to an impressive 9 % increase on one of the datasets.      
### 26.Multimodal End-to-End Group Emotion Recognition using Cross-Modal Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05890.pdf)
>  Classifying group-level emotions is a challenging task due to complexity of video, in which not only visual, but also audio information should be taken into consideration. Existing works on multimodal emotion recognition are using bulky approach, where pretrained neural networks are used as a feature extractors and then extracted features are being fused. However, this approach does not consider attributes of multimodal data and feature extractors cannot be fine-tuned for specific task which can be disadvantageous for overall model accuracy. To this end, our impact is twofold: (i) we train model end-to-end, which allows early layers of neural network to be adapted with taking into account later, fusion layers, of two modalities; (ii) all layers of our model was fine-tuned for downstream task of emotion recognition, so there were no need to train neural networks from scratch. Our model achieves best validation accuracy of 60.37% which is approximately 8.5% higher, than VGAF dataset baseline and is competitive with existing works, audio and video modalities.      
### 27.Full-Body Visual Self-Modeling of Robot Morphologies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06389.pdf)
>  Internal computational models of physical bodies are fundamental to the ability of robots and animals alike to plan and control their actions. These "self-models" allow robots to consider outcomes of multiple possible future actions, without trying them out in physical reality. Recent progress in fully data-driven self-modeling has enabled machines to learn their own forward kinematics directly from task-agnostic interaction data. However, forward-kinema\-tics models can only predict limited aspects of the morphology, such as the position of end effectors or velocity of joints and masses. A key challenge is to model the entire morphology and kinematics, without prior knowledge of what aspects of the morphology will be relevant to future tasks. Here, we propose that instead of directly modeling forward-kinematics, a more useful form of self-modeling is one that could answer space occupancy queries, conditioned on the robot's state. Such query-driven self models are continuous in the spatial domain, memory efficient, fully differentiable and kinematic aware. In physical experiments, we demonstrate how a visual self-model is accurate to about one percent of the workspace, enabling the robot to perform various motion planning and control tasks. Visual self-modeling can also allow the robot to detect, localize and recover from real-world damage, leading to improved machine resiliency. Our project website is at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://robot-morphology.cs.columbia.edu/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 28.Learning Signal-Agnostic Manifolds of Neural Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06387.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been used widely to learn the latent structure of datasets, across modalities such as images, shapes, and audio signals. However, existing models are generally modality-dependent, requiring custom architectures and objectives to process different classes of signals. We leverage neural fields to capture the underlying structure in image, shape, audio and cross-modal audiovisual domains in a modality-independent manner. We cast our task as one of learning a manifold, where we aim to infer a low-dimensional, locally linear subspace in which our data resides. By enforcing coverage of the manifold, local linearity, and local isometry, our model -- dubbed GEM -- learns to capture the underlying structure of datasets across modalities. We can then travel along linear regions of our manifold to obtain perceptually consistent interpolations between samples, and can further use GEM to recover points on our manifold and glean not only diverse completions of input images, but cross-modal hallucinations of audio or image signals. Finally, we show that by walking across the underlying manifold of GEM, we may generate new samples in our signal domains. Code and additional results are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://yilundu.github.io/gem/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Related Work on Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06291.pdf)
>  Due to the existence of quality degradations introduced in various stages of visual signal acquisition, compression, transmission and display, image quality assessment (IQA) plays a vital role in image-based applications. According to whether the reference image is complete and available, image quality evaluation can be divided into three categories: Full-Reference(FR), Reduced- Reference(RR), and Non- Reference(NR). This article will review the state-of-the-art image quality assessment algorithms.      
### 30.Towards Live Video Analytics with On-Drone Deeper-yet-Compatible Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06263.pdf)
>  In this work, we present DCC(Deeper-yet-Compatible Compression), one enabling technique for real-time drone-sourced edge-assisted video analytics built on top of the existing codec. DCC tackles an important technical problem to compress streamed video from the drone to the edge without scarifying accuracy and timeliness of video analytical tasks performed at the edge. DCC is inspired by the fact that not every bit in streamed video is equally valuable to video analytics, which opens new compression room over the conventional analytics-oblivious video codec technology. We exploit drone-specific context and intermediate hints from object detection to pursue adaptive fidelity needed to retain analytical quality. We have prototyped DCC in one showcase application of vehicle detection and validated its efficiency in representative scenarios. DCC has reduced transmission volume by 9.5-fold over the baseline approach and 19-683% over the state-of-the-art with comparable detection accuracy.      
### 31.Detecting COVID-19 from Chest Computed Tomography Scans using AI-Driven Android Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06254.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 (coronavirus disease 2019) pandemic affected more than 186 million people with over 4 million deaths worldwide by June 2021. The magnitude of which has strained global healthcare systems. Chest Computed Tomography (CT) scans have a potential role in the diagnosis and prognostication of COVID-19. Designing a diagnostic system which is cost-efficient and convenient to operate on resource-constrained devices like mobile phones would enhance the clinical usage of chest CT scans and provide swift, mobile, and accessible diagnostic capabilities. This work proposes developing a novel Android application that detects COVID-19 infection from chest CT scans using a highly efficient and accurate deep learning algorithm. It further creates an attention heatmap, augmented on the segmented lung parenchyma region in the CT scans through an algorithm developed as a part of this work, which shows the regions of infection in the lungs. We propose a selection approach combined with multi-threading for a faster generation of heatmaps on Android Device, which reduces the processing time by about 93%. The neural network trained to detect COVID-19 in this work is tested with F1 score and accuracy, both of 99.58% and sensitivity of 99.69%, which is better than most of the results in the domain of COVID diagnosis from CT scans. This work will be beneficial in high volume practices and help doctors triage patients in the early diagnosis of the COVID-19 quickly and efficiently.      
### 32.Discovering and Explaining the Representation Bottleneck of DNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06236.pdf)
>  This paper explores the bottleneck of feature representations of deep neural networks (DNNs), from the perspective of the complexity of interactions between input variables encoded in DNNs. To this end, we focus on the multi-order interaction between input variables, where the order represents the complexity of interactions. We discover that a DNN is more likely to encode both too simple interactions and too complex interactions, but usually fails to learn interactions of intermediate complexity. Such a phenomenon is widely shared by different DNNs for different tasks. This phenomenon indicates a cognition gap between DNNs and human beings, and we call it a representation bottleneck. We theoretically prove the underlying reason for the representation bottleneck. Furthermore, we propose a loss to encourage/penalize the learning of interactions of specific complexities, and analyze the representation capacities of interactions of different complexities.      
### 33.Towards Axiomatic, Hierarchical, and Symbolic Explanation for Deep Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06206.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a hierarchical and symbolic And-Or graph (AOG) to objectively explain the internal logic encoded by a well-trained deep model for inference. We first define the objectiveness of an explainer model in game theory, and we develop a rigorous representation of the And-Or logic encoded by the deep model. The objectiveness and trustworthiness of the AOG explainer are both theoretically guaranteed and experimentally verified. Furthermore, we propose several techniques to boost the conciseness of the explanation.      
### 34.A Novel Approach for Deterioration and Damage Identification in Building Structures Based on Stockwell-Transform and Deep Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06155.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel deterioration and damage identification procedure (DIP) is presented and applied to building models. The challenge associated with applications on these types of structures is related to the strong correlation of responses, which gets further complicated when coping with real ambient vibrations with high levels of noise. Thus, a DIP is designed utilizing low-cost ambient vibrations to analyze the acceleration responses using the Stockwell transform (ST) to generate spectrograms. Subsequently, the ST outputs become the input of two series of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) established for identifying deterioration and damage to the building models. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that both damage and deterioration are evaluated on building models through a combination of ST and CNN with high accuracy.      
### 35.CodEx: A Modular Framework for Joint Temporal De-blurring and Tomographic Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06069.pdf)
>  In many computed tomography (CT) imaging applications, it is important to rapidly collect data from an object that is moving or changing with time. Tomographic acquisition is generally assumed to be step-and-shoot, where the object is rotated to each desired angle, and a view is taken. However, step-and-shoot acquisition is slow and can waste photons, so in practice fly-scanning is done where the object is continuously rotated while collecting data. However, this can result in motion-blurred views and consequently reconstructions with severe motion artifacts. <br>In this paper, we introduce CodEx, a modular framework for joint de-blurring and tomographic reconstruction that can effectively invert the motion blur introduced in fly-scanning. The method is a synergistic combination of a novel acquisition method with a novel non-convex Bayesian reconstruction algorithm. CodEx works by encoding the acquisition with a known binary code that the reconstruction algorithm then inverts. Using a well chosen binary code to encode the measurements can improve the accuracy of the inversion process. The CodEx reconstruction method uses the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) to split the inverse problem into iterative deblurring and reconstruction sub-problems, making reconstruction practical to implement. We present reconstruction results on both simulated and experimental data to demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 36.On the Equivalence between Neural Network and Support Vector Machine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.06063.pdf)
>  Recent research shows that the dynamics of an infinitely wide neural network (NN) trained by gradient descent can be characterized by Neural Tangent Kernel (NTK) \citep{jacot2018neural}. Under the squared loss, the infinite-width NN trained by gradient descent with an infinitely small learning rate is equivalent to kernel regression with NTK \citep{arora2019exact}. However, the equivalence is only known for ridge regression currently \citep{arora2019harnessing}, while the equivalence between NN and other kernel machines (KMs), e.g. support vector machine (SVM), remains unknown. Therefore, in this work, we propose to establish the equivalence between NN and SVM, and specifically, the infinitely wide NN trained by soft margin loss and the standard soft margin SVM with NTK trained by subgradient descent. Our main theoretical results include establishing the equivalence between NN and a broad family of $\ell_2$ regularized KMs with finite-width bounds, which cannot be handled by prior work, and showing that every finite-width NN trained by such regularized loss functions is approximately a KM. Furthermore, we demonstrate our theory can enable three practical applications, including (i) \textit{non-vacuous} generalization bound of NN via the corresponding KM; (ii) \textit{non-trivial} robustness certificate for the infinite-width NN (while existing robustness verification methods would provide vacuous bounds); (iii) intrinsically more robust infinite-width NNs than those from previous kernel regression. Our code for the experiments are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/leslie-CH/equiv-nn-svm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 37.Trustworthy Medical Segmentation with Uncertainty Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05978.pdf)
>  Deep Learning (DL) holds great promise in reshaping the healthcare systems given its precision, efficiency, and objectivity. However, the brittleness of DL models to noisy and out-of-distribution inputs is ailing their deployment in the clinic. Most systems produce point estimates without further information about model uncertainty or confidence. This paper introduces a new Bayesian deep learning framework for uncertainty quantification in segmentation neural networks, specifically encoder-decoder architectures. The proposed framework uses the first-order Taylor series approximation to propagate and learn the first two moments (mean and covariance) of the distribution of the model parameters given the training data by maximizing the evidence lower bound. The output consists of two maps: the segmented image and the uncertainty map of the segmentation. The uncertainty in the segmentation decisions is captured by the covariance matrix of the predictive distribution. We evaluate the proposed framework on medical image segmentation data from Magnetic Resonances Imaging and Computed Tomography scans. Our experiments on multiple benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed framework is more robust to noise and adversarial attacks as compared to state-of-the-art segmentation models. Moreover, the uncertainty map of the proposed framework associates low confidence (or equivalently high uncertainty) to patches in the test input images that are corrupted with noise, artifacts or adversarial attacks. Thus, the model can self-assess its segmentation decisions when it makes an erroneous prediction or misses part of the segmentation structures, e.g., tumor, by presenting higher values in the uncertainty map.      
### 38.Advancing Brain Metastases Detection in T1-Weighted Contrast-Enhanced 3D MRI using Noisy Student-based Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05959.pdf)
>  The detection of brain metastases (BM) in their early stages could have a positive impact on the outcome of cancer patients. We previously developed a framework for detecting small BM (with diameters of less than 15mm) in T1-weighted Contrast-Enhanced 3D Magnetic Resonance images (T1c) to assist medical experts in this time-sensitive and high-stakes task. The framework utilizes a dedicated convolutional neural network (CNN) trained using labeled T1c data, where the ground truth BM segmentations were provided by a radiologist. This study aims to advance the framework with a noisy student-based self-training strategy to make use of a large corpus of unlabeled T1c data (i.e., data without BM segmentations or detections). Accordingly, the work (1) describes the student and teacher CNN architectures, (2) presents data and model noising mechanisms, and (3) introduces a novel pseudo-labeling strategy factoring in the learned BM detection sensitivity of the framework. Finally, it describes a semi-supervised learning strategy utilizing these components. We performed the validation using 217 labeled and 1247 unlabeled T1c exams via 2-fold cross-validation. The framework utilizing only the labeled exams produced 9.23 false positives for 90% BM detection sensitivity; whereas, the framework using the introduced learning strategy led to ~9% reduction in false detections (i.e., 8.44) for the same sensitivity level. Furthermore, while experiments utilizing 75% and 50% of the labeled datasets resulted in algorithm performance degradation (12.19 and 13.89 false positives respectively), the impact was less pronounced with the noisy student-based training strategy (10.79 and 12.37 false positives respectively).      
### 39.Keys to Accurate Feature Extraction Using Residual Spiking Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05955.pdf)
>  Spiking neural networks (SNNs) have become an interesting alternative to conventional artificial neural networks (ANN) thanks to their temporal processing capabilities and their low-SWaP (Size, Weight, and Power) and energy efficient implementations in neuromorphic hardware. However the challenges involved in training SNNs have limited their performance in terms of accuracy and thus their applications. Improving learning algorithms and neural architectures for a more accurate feature extraction is therefore one of the current priorities in SNN research. In this paper we present a study on the key components of modern spiking architectures. We empirically compare different techniques in image classification datasets taken from the best performing networks. We design a spiking version of the successful residual network (ResNet) architecture and test different components and training strategies on it. Our results provide a state of the art guide to SNN design, which allows to make informed choices when trying to build the optimal visual feature extractor. Finally, our network outperforms previous SNN architectures in CIFAR-10 (94.1%) and CIFAR-100 (74.5%) datasets and matches the state of the art in DVS-CIFAR10 (71.3%), with less parameters than the previous state of the art and without the need for ANN-SNN conversion. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VicenteAlex/Spiking_ResNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.Robust Learning via Ensemble Density Propagation in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05953.pdf)
>  Learning in uncertain, noisy, or adversarial environments is a challenging task for deep neural networks (DNNs). We propose a new theoretically grounded and efficient approach for robust learning that builds upon Bayesian estimation and Variational Inference. We formulate the problem of density propagation through layers of a DNN and solve it using an Ensemble Density Propagation (EnDP) scheme. The EnDP approach allows us to propagate moments of the variational probability distribution across the layers of a Bayesian DNN, enabling the estimation of the mean and covariance of the predictive distribution at the output of the model. Our experiments using MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets show a significant improvement in the robustness of the trained models to random noise and adversarial attacks.      
### 41.Self-Compression in Bayesian Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05950.pdf)
>  Machine learning models have achieved human-level performance on various tasks. This success comes at a high cost of computation and storage overhead, which makes machine learning algorithms difficult to deploy on edge devices. Typically, one has to partially sacrifice accuracy in favor of an increased performance quantified in terms of reduced memory usage and energy consumption. Current methods compress the networks by reducing the precision of the parameters or by eliminating redundant ones. In this paper, we propose a new insight into network compression through the Bayesian framework. We show that Bayesian neural networks automatically discover redundancy in model parameters, thus enabling self-compression, which is linked to the propagation of uncertainty through the layers of the network. Our experimental results show that the network architecture can be successfully compressed by deleting parameters identified by the network itself while retaining the same level of accuracy.      
### 42.A soft thumb-sized vision-based sensor with accurate all-round force perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05934.pdf)
>  Vision-based haptic sensors have emerged as a promising approach to robotic touch due to affordable high-resolution cameras and successful computer-vision techniques. However, their physical design and the information they provide do not yet meet the requirements of real applications. We present a robust, soft, low-cost, vision-based, thumb-sized 3D haptic sensor named Insight: it continually provides a directional force-distribution map over its entire conical sensing surface. Constructed around an internal monocular camera, the sensor has only a single layer of elastomer over-molded on a stiff frame to guarantee sensitivity, robustness, and soft contact. Furthermore, Insight is the first system to combine photometric stereo and structured light using a collimator to detect the 3D deformation of its easily replaceable flexible outer shell. The force information is inferred by a deep neural network that maps images to the spatial distribution of 3D contact force (normal and shear). Insight has an overall spatial resolution of 0.4 mm, force magnitude accuracy around 0.03 N, and force direction accuracy around 5 degrees over a range of 0.03--2 N for numerous distinct contacts with varying contact area. The presented hardware and software design concepts can be transferred to a wide variety of robot parts.      
### 43.A Histopathology Study Comparing Contrastive Semi-Supervised and Fully Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05882.pdf)
>  Data labeling is often the most challenging task when developing computational pathology models. Pathologist participation is necessary to generate accurate labels, and the limitations on pathologist time and demand for large, labeled datasets has led to research in areas including weakly supervised learning using patient-level labels, machine assisted annotation and active learning. In this paper we explore self-supervised learning to reduce labeling burdens in computational pathology. We explore this in the context of classification of breast cancer tissue using the Barlow Twins approach, and we compare self-supervision with alternatives like pre-trained networks in low-data scenarios. For the task explored in this paper, we find that ImageNet pre-trained networks largely outperform the self-supervised representations obtained using Barlow Twins.      
