# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 23 Nov 2021
### 1.Towards Tokenized Human Dynamics Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11433.pdf)
>  For human action understanding, a popular research direction is to analyze short video clips with unambiguous semantic content, such as jumping and drinking. However, methods for understanding short semantic actions cannot be directly translated to long human dynamics such as dancing, where it becomes challenging even to label the human movements semantically. Meanwhile, the natural language processing (NLP) community has made progress in solving a similar challenge of annotation scarcity by large-scale pre-training, which improves several downstream tasks with one model. In this work, we study how to segment and cluster videos into recurring temporal patterns in a self-supervised way, namely acton discovery, the main roadblock towards video tokenization. We propose a two-stage framework that first obtains a frame-wise representation by contrasting two augmented views of video frames conditioned on their temporal context. The frame-wise representations across a collection of videos are then clustered by K-means. Actons are then automatically extracted by forming a continuous motion sequence from frames within the same cluster. We evaluate the frame-wise representation learning step by Kendall's Tau and the lexicon building step by normalized mutual information and language entropy. We also study three applications of this tokenization: genre classification, action segmentation, and action composition. On the AIST++ and PKU-MMD datasets, actons bring significant performance improvements compared to several baselines.      
### 2.Florence: A New Foundation Model for Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11432.pdf)
>  Automated visual understanding of our diverse and open world demands computer vision models to generalize well with minimal customization for specific tasks, similar to human vision. Computer vision foundation models, which are trained on diverse, large-scale dataset and can be adapted to a wide range of downstream tasks, are critical for this mission to solve real-world computer vision applications. While existing vision foundation models such as CLIP, ALIGN, and Wu Dao 2.0 focus mainly on mapping images and textual representations to a cross-modal shared representation, we introduce a new computer vision foundation model, Florence, to expand the representations from coarse (scene) to fine (object), from static (images) to dynamic (videos), and from RGB to multiple modalities (caption, depth). By incorporating universal visual-language representations from Web-scale image-text data, our Florence model can be easily adapted for various computer vision tasks, such as classification, retrieval, object detection, VQA, image caption, video retrieval and action recognition. Moreover, Florence demonstrates outstanding performance in many types of transfer learning: fully sampled fine-tuning, linear probing, few-shot transfer and zero-shot transfer for novel images and objects. All of these properties are critical for our vision foundation model to serve general purpose vision tasks. Florence achieves new state-of-the-art results in majority of 44 representative benchmarks, e.g., ImageNet-1K zero-shot classification with top-1 accuracy of 83.74 and the top-5 accuracy of 97.18, 62.4 mAP on COCO fine tuning, 80.36 on VQA, and 87.8 on Kinetics-600.      
### 3.RedCaps: web-curated image-text data created by the people, for the people  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11431.pdf)
>  Large datasets of paired images and text have become increasingly popular for learning generic representations for vision and vision-and-language tasks. Such datasets have been built by querying search engines or collecting HTML alt-text -- since web data is noisy, they require complex filtering pipelines to maintain quality. We explore alternate data sources to collect high quality data with minimal filtering. We introduce RedCaps -- a large-scale dataset of 12M image-text pairs collected from Reddit. Images and captions from Reddit depict and describe a wide variety of objects and scenes. We collect data from a manually curated set of subreddits, which give coarse image labels and allow us to steer the dataset composition without labeling individual instances. We show that captioning models trained on RedCaps produce rich and varied captions preferred by humans, and learn visual representations that transfer to many downstream tasks.      
### 4.Multi-modal Transformers Excel at Class-agnostic Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11430.pdf)
>  What constitutes an object? This has been a long-standing question in computer vision. Towards this goal, numerous learning-free and learning-based approaches have been developed to score objectness. However, they generally do not scale well across new domains and for unseen objects. In this paper, we advocate that existing methods lack a top-down supervision signal governed by human-understandable semantics. To bridge this gap, we explore recent Multi-modal Vision Transformers (MViT) that have been trained with aligned image-text pairs. Our extensive experiments across various domains and novel objects show the state-of-the-art performance of MViTs to localize generic objects in images. Based on these findings, we develop an efficient and flexible MViT architecture using multi-scale feature processing and deformable self-attention that can adaptively generate proposals given a specific language query. We show the significance of MViT proposals in a diverse range of applications including open-world object detection, salient and camouflage object detection, supervised and self-supervised detection tasks. Further, MViTs offer enhanced interactability with intelligible text queries. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/J1HPY" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Benchmarking Detection Transfer Learning with Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11429.pdf)
>  Object detection is a central downstream task used to test if pre-trained network parameters confer benefits, such as improved accuracy or training speed. The complexity of object detection methods can make this benchmarking non-trivial when new architectures, such as Vision Transformer (ViT) models, arrive. These difficulties (e.g., architectural incompatibility, slow training, high memory consumption, unknown training formulae, etc.) have prevented recent studies from benchmarking detection transfer learning with standard ViT models. In this paper, we present training techniques that overcome these challenges, enabling the use of standard ViT models as the backbone of Mask R-CNN. These tools facilitate the primary goal of our study: we compare five ViT initializations, including recent state-of-the-art self-supervised learning methods, supervised initialization, and a strong random initialization baseline. Our results show that recent masking-based unsupervised learning methods may, for the first time, provide convincing transfer learning improvements on COCO, increasing box AP up to 4% (absolute) over supervised and prior self-supervised pre-training methods. Moreover, these masking-based initializations scale better, with the improvement growing as model size increases.      
### 6.Neural Fields in Visual Computing and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11426.pdf)
>  Recent advances in machine learning have created increasing interest in solving visual computing problems using a class of coordinate-based neural networks that parametrize physical properties of scenes or objects across space and time. These methods, which we call neural fields, have seen successful application in the synthesis of 3D shapes and image, animation of human bodies, 3D reconstruction, and pose estimation. However, due to rapid progress in a short time, many papers exist but a comprehensive review and formulation of the problem has not yet emerged. In this report, we address this limitation by providing context, mathematical grounding, and an extensive review of literature on neural fields. This report covers research along two dimensions. In Part I, we focus on techniques in neural fields by identifying common components of neural field methods, including different representations, architectures, forward mapping, and generalization methods. In Part II, we focus on applications of neural fields to different problems in visual computing, and beyond (e.g., robotics, audio). Our review shows the breadth of topics already covered in visual computing, both historically and in current incarnations, demonstrating the improved quality, flexibility, and capability brought by neural fields methods. Finally, we present a companion website that contributes a living version of this review that can be continually updated by the community.      
### 7.MetaFormer is Actually What You Need for Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11418.pdf)
>  Transformers have shown great potential in computer vision tasks. A common belief is their attention-based token mixer module contributes most to their competence. However, recent works show the attention-based module in transformers can be replaced by spatial MLPs and the resulted models still perform quite well. Based on this observation, we hypothesize that the general architecture of the transformers, instead of the specific token mixer module, is more essential to the model's performance. To verify this, we deliberately replace the attention module in transformers with an embarrassingly simple spatial pooling operator to conduct only the most basic token mixing. Surprisingly, we observe that the derived model, termed as PoolFormer, achieves competitive performance on multiple computer vision tasks. For example, on ImageNet-1K, PoolFormer achieves 82.1% top-1 accuracy, surpassing well-tuned vision transformer/MLP-like baselines DeiT-B/ResMLP-B24 by 0.3%/1.1% accuracy with 35%/52% fewer parameters and 48%/60% fewer MACs. The effectiveness of PoolFormer verifies our hypothesis and urges us to initiate the concept of "MetaFormer", a general architecture abstracted from transformers without specifying the token mixer. Based on the extensive experiments, we argue that MetaFormer is the key player in achieving superior results for recent transformer and MLP-like models on vision tasks. This work calls for more future research dedicated to improving MetaFormer instead of focusing on the token mixer modules. Additionally, our proposed PoolFormer could serve as a starting baseline for future MetaFormer architecture design. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sail-sg/poolformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 8.Why Do Self-Supervised Models Transfer? Investigating the Impact of Invariance on Downstream Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11398.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning is a powerful paradigm for representation learning on unlabelled images. A wealth of effective new methods based on instance matching rely on data augmentation to drive learning, and these have reached a rough agreement on an augmentation scheme that optimises popular recognition benchmarks. However, there is strong reason to suspect that different tasks in computer vision require features to encode different (in)variances, and therefore likely require different augmentation strategies. In this paper, we measure the invariances learned by contrastive methods and confirm that they do learn invariance to the augmentations used and further show that this invariance largely transfers to related real-world changes in pose and lighting. We show that learned invariances strongly affect downstream task performance and confirm that different downstream tasks benefit from polar opposite (in)variances, leading to performance loss when the standard augmentation strategy is used. Finally, we demonstrate that a simple fusion of representations with complementary invariances ensures wide transferability to all the diverse downstream tasks considered.      
### 9.Solar Potential Assessment using Multi-Class Buildings Segmentation from Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11397.pdf)
>  Semantic Segmentation of buildings present in satellite images using encoder-decoder like convolutional neural networks is being achieved with relatively high pixel-wise metric scores. In this paper, we aim to exploit the power of fully convolutional neural networks for an instance segmentation task using extra added classes to the output along with the watershed processing technique to leverage better object-wise metric results. We also show that CutMix mixed data augmentations and the One-Cycle learning rate policy are greater regularization methods to achieve a better fit on the training data and increase performance. Furthermore, Mixed Precision Training provided more flexibility to experiment with bigger networks and batches while maintaining stability and convergence during training. We compare and show the effect of these additional changes throughout our whole pipeline to finally provide a set a tuned hyper-parameters that are proven to perform better.      
### 10.Conifer Seedling Detection in UAV-Imagery with RGB-Depth Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11388.pdf)
>  Monitoring of reforestation is currently being considerably streamlined through the use of drones and image recognition algorithms, which have already proven to be effective on colour imagery. In addition to colour imagery, elevation data is often also available. The primary aim of this work was to improve the performance of the faster-RCNN object detection algorithm by integrating this height information, which showed itself to notably improve performance. Interestingly, the structure of the network played a key role, with direct addition of the height information as a fourth image channel showing no improvement, while integration after the backbone network and before the region proposal network led to marked improvements. This effect persisted with very long training regimes. Increasing the resolution of this height information also showed little effect.      
### 11.Adversarial Examples on Segmentation Models Can be Easy to Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11368.pdf)
>  Deep neural network-based image classification can be misled by adversarial examples with small and quasi-imperceptible perturbations. Furthermore, the adversarial examples created on one classification model can also fool another different model. The transferability of the adversarial examples has recently attracted a growing interest since it makes black-box attacks on classification models feasible. As an extension of classification, semantic segmentation has also received much attention towards its adversarial robustness. However, the transferability of adversarial examples on segmentation models has not been systematically studied. In this work, we intensively study this topic. First, we explore the overfitting phenomenon of adversarial examples on classification and segmentation models. In contrast to the observation made on classification models that the transferability is limited by overfitting to the source model, we find that the adversarial examples on segmentations do not always overfit the source models. Even when no overfitting is presented, the transferability of adversarial examples is limited. We attribute the limitation to the architectural traits of segmentation models, i.e., multi-scale object recognition. Then, we propose a simple and effective method, dubbed dynamic scaling, to overcome the limitation. The high transferability achieved by our method shows that, in contrast to the observations in previous work, adversarial examples on a segmentation model can be easy to transfer to other segmentation models. Our analysis and proposals are supported by extensive experiments.      
### 12.FFNB: Forgetting-Free Neural Blocks for Deep Continual Visual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11366.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have recently achieved a great success in computer vision and several related fields. Despite such progress, current neural architectures still suffer from catastrophic interference (a.k.a. forgetting) which obstructs DNNs to learn continually. While several state-of-the-art methods have been proposed to mitigate forgetting, these existing solutions are either highly rigid (as regularization) or time/memory demanding (as replay). An intermediate class of methods, based on dynamic networks, has been proposed in the literature and provides a reasonable balance between task memorization and computational footprint. In this paper, we devise a dynamic network architecture for continual learning based on a novel forgetting-free neural block (FFNB). Training FFNB features on new tasks is achieved using a novel procedure that constrains the underlying parameters in the null-space of the previous tasks, while training classifier parameters equates to Fisher discriminant analysis. The latter provides an effective incremental process which is also optimal from a Bayesian perspective. The trained features and classifiers are further enhanced using an incremental "end-to-end" fine-tuning. Extensive experiments, conducted on different challenging classification problems, show the high effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 13.ShufaNet: Classification method for calligraphers who have reached the professional level  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11350.pdf)
>  The authenticity of calligraphy is significant but difficult task in the realm of art, where the key problem is the few-shot classification of calligraphy. We propose a novel method, ShufaNet ("Shufa" is the pinyin of Chinese calligraphy), to classify Chinese calligraphers' styles based on metric learning in the case of few-shot, whose classification accuracy exceeds the level of students majoring in calligraphy. We present a new network architecture, including the unique expression of the style of handwriting fonts called ShufaLoss and the calligraphy category information as prior knowledge. Meanwhile, we modify the spatial attention module and create ShufaAttention for handwriting fonts based on the traditional Chinese nine Palace thought. For the training of the model, we build a calligraphers' data set. Our method achieved 65% accuracy rate in our data set for few-shot learning, surpassing resNet and other mainstream CNNs. Meanwhile, we conducted battle for calligraphy major students, and finally surpassed them. This is the first attempt of deep learning in the field of calligrapher classification, and we expect to provide ideas for subsequent research.      
### 14.Paris-CARLA-3D: A Real and Synthetic Outdoor Point Cloud Dataset for Challenging Tasks in 3D Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11348.pdf)
>  Paris-CARLA-3D is a dataset of several dense colored point clouds of outdoor environments built by a mobile LiDAR and camera system. The data are composed of two sets with synthetic data from the open source CARLA simulator (700 million points) and real data acquired in the city of Paris (60 million points), hence the name Paris-CARLA-3D. One of the advantages of this dataset is to have simulated the same LiDAR and camera platform in the open source CARLA simulator as the one used to produce the real data. In addition, manual annotation of the classes using the semantic tags of CARLA was performed on the real data, allowing the testing of transfer methods from the synthetic to the real data. The objective of this dataset is to provide a challenging dataset to evaluate and improve methods on difficult vision tasks for the 3D mapping of outdoor environments: semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, and scene completion. For each task, we describe the evaluation protocol as well as the experiments carried out to establish a baseline.      
### 15.DyTox: Transformers for Continual Learning with DYnamic TOken eXpansion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11326.pdf)
>  Deep network architectures struggle to continually learn new tasks without forgetting the previous tasks. A recent trend indicates that dynamic architectures based on an expansion of the parameters can reduce catastrophic forgetting efficiently in continual learning. However, existing approaches often require a task identifier at test-time, need complex tuning to balance the growing number of parameters, and barely share any information across tasks. As a result, they struggle to scale to a large number of tasks without significant overhead. In this paper, we propose a transformer architecture based on a dedicated encoder/decoder framework. Critically, the encoder and decoder are shared among all tasks. Through a dynamic expansion of special tokens, we specialize each forward of our decoder network on a task distribution. Our strategy scales to a large number of tasks while having negligible memory and time overheads due to strict control of the parameters expansion. Moreover, this efficient strategy doesn't need any hyperparameter tuning to control the network's expansion. Our model reaches excellent results on CIFAR100 and state-of-the-art performances on the large-scale ImageNet100 and ImageNet1000 while having less parameters than concurrent dynamic frameworks.      
### 16.Contour-guided Image Completion with Perceptual Grouping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11322.pdf)
>  Humans are excellent at perceiving illusory outlines. We are readily able to complete contours, shapes, scenes, and even unseen objects when provided with images that contain broken fragments of a connected appearance. In vision science, this ability is largely explained by perceptual grouping: a foundational set of processes in human vision that describes how separated elements can be grouped. In this paper, we revisit an algorithm called Stochastic Completion Fields (SCFs) that mechanizes a set of such processes -- good continuity, closure, and proximity -- through contour completion. This paper implements a modernized model of the SCF algorithm, and uses it in an image editing framework where we propose novel methods to complete fragmented contours. We show how the SCF algorithm plausibly mimics results in human perception. We use the SCF completed contours as guides for inpainting, and show that our guides improve the performance of state-of-the-art models. Additionally, we show that the SCF aids in finding edges in high-noise environments. Overall, our described algorithms resemble an important mechanism in the human visual system, and offer a novel framework that modern computer vision models can benefit from.      
### 17.S3: Supervised Self-supervised Learning under Label Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11288.pdf)
>  Despite the large progress in supervised learning with Neural Networks, there are significant challenges in obtaining high-quality, large-scale and accurately labeled datasets. In this context, in this paper we address the problem of classification in the presence of label noise and more specifically, both close-set and open-set label noise, that is when the true label of a sample may, or may not belong to the set of the given labels. In the heart of our method is a sample selection mechanism that relies on the consistency between the annotated label of a sample and the distribution of the labels in its neighborhood in the feature space; a relabeling mechanism that relies on the confidence of the classifier across subsequent iterations; and a training strategy that trains the encoder both with a self-consistency loss and the classifier-encoder with the cross-entropy loss on the selected samples alone. Without bells and whistles, such as co-training so as to reduce the self-confirmation bias, and with robustness with respect to settings of its few hyper-parameters, our method significantly surpasses previous methods on both CIFAR10/CIFAR100 with artificial noise and real-world noisy datasets such as WebVision and ANIMAL-10N.      
### 18.Point Cloud Color Constancy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11280.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present Point Cloud Color Constancy, in short PCCC, an illumination chromaticity estimation algorithm exploiting a point cloud. We leverage the depth information captured by the time-of-flight (ToF) sensor mounted rigidly with the RGB sensor, and form a 6D cloud where each point contains the coordinates and RGB intensities, noted as (x,y,z,r,g,b). PCCC applies the PointNet architecture to the color constancy problem, deriving the illumination vector point-wise and then making a global decision about the global illumination chromaticity. On two popular RGB-D datasets, which we extend with illumination information, as well as on a novel benchmark, PCCC obtains lower error than the state-of-the-art algorithms. Our method is simple and fast, requiring merely 16*16-size input and reaching speed over 500 fps, including the cost of building the point cloud and net inference.      
### 19.MiNet: A Convolutional Neural Network for Identifying and Categorising Minerals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11260.pdf)
>  Identification of minerals in the field is a task that is wrought with many challenges. Traditional approaches are prone to errors where there is no enough experience and expertise. Several existing techniques mainly make use of features of the minerals under a microscope and tend to favour a manual feature extraction pipeline. Deep learning methods can help overcome some of these hurdles and provide simple and effective ways to identify minerals. In this paper, we present an algorithm for identifying minerals from hand specimen images. Using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), we develop a single-label image classification model to identify and categorise seven classes of minerals. Experiments conducted using real-world datasets show that the model achieves an accuracy of 90.75%.      
### 20.Action Recognition with Domain Invariant Features of Skeleton Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11250.pdf)
>  Due to the fast processing-speed and robustness it can achieve, skeleton-based action recognition has recently received the attention of the computer vision community. The recent Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)-based methods have shown commendable performance in learning spatio-temporal representations for skeleton sequence, which use skeleton image as input to a CNN. Since the CNN-based methods mainly encoding the temporal and skeleton joints simply as rows and columns, respectively, the latent correlation related to all joints may be lost caused by the 2D convolution. To solve this problem, we propose a novel CNN-based method with adversarial training for action recognition. We introduce a two-level domain adversarial learning to align the features of skeleton images from different view angles or subjects, respectively, thus further improve the generalization. We evaluated our proposed method on NTU RGB+D. It achieves competitive results compared with state-of-the-art methods and 2.4$\%$, 1.9$\%$ accuracy gain than the baseline for cross-subject and cross-view.      
### 21.Direct Voxel Grid Optimization: Super-fast Convergence for Radiance Fields Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11215.pdf)
>  We present a super-fast convergence approach to reconstructing the per-scene radiance field from a set of images that capture the scene with known poses. This task, which is often applied to novel view synthesis, is recently revolutionized by Neural Radiance Field (NeRF) for its state-of-the-art quality and flexibility. However, NeRF and its variants require a lengthy training time ranging from hours to days for a single scene. In contrast, our approach achieves NeRF-comparable quality and converges rapidly from scratch in less than 15 minutes with a single GPU. We adopt a representation consisting of a density voxel grid for scene geometry and a feature voxel grid with a shallow network for complex view-dependent appearance. Modeling with explicit and discretized volume representations is not new, but we propose two simple yet non-trivial techniques that contribute to fast convergence speed and high-quality output. First, we introduce the post-activation interpolation on voxel density, which is capable of producing sharp surfaces in lower grid resolution. Second, direct voxel density optimization is prone to suboptimal geometry solutions, so we robustify the optimization process by imposing several priors. Finally, evaluation on five inward-facing benchmarks shows that our method matches, if not surpasses, NeRF's quality, yet it only takes about 15 minutes to train from scratch for a new scene.      
### 22.PointMixer: MLP-Mixer for Point Cloud Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11187.pdf)
>  MLP-Mixer has newly appeared as a new challenger against the realm of CNNs and transformer. Despite its simplicity compared to transformer, the concept of channel-mixing MLPs and token-mixing MLPs achieves noticeable performance in visual recognition tasks. Unlike images, point clouds are inherently sparse, unordered and irregular, which limits the direct use of MLP-Mixer for point cloud understanding. In this paper, we propose PointMixer, a universal point set operator that facilitates information sharing among unstructured 3D points. By simply replacing token-mixing MLPs with a softmax function, PointMixer can "mix" features within/between point sets. By doing so, PointMixer can be broadly used in the network as inter-set mixing, intra-set mixing, and pyramid mixing. Extensive experiments show the competitive or superior performance of PointMixer in semantic segmentation, classification, and point reconstruction against transformer-based methods.      
### 23.GB-CosFace: Rethinking Softmax-based Face Recognition from the Perspective of Open Set Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11186.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art face recognition methods typically take the multi-classification pipeline and adopt the softmax-based loss for optimization. Although these methods have achieved great success, the softmax-based loss has its limitation from the perspective of open set classification: the multi-classification objective in the training phase does not strictly match the objective of open set classification testing. In this paper, we derive a new loss named global boundary CosFace (GB-CosFace). Our GB-CosFace introduces an adaptive global boundary to determine whether two face samples belong to the same identity so that the optimization objective is aligned with the testing process from the perspective of open set classification. Meanwhile, since the loss formulation is derived from the softmax-based loss, our GB-CosFace retains the excellent properties of the softmax-based loss, and CosFace is proved to be a special case of the proposed loss. We analyze and explain the proposed GB-CosFace geometrically. Comprehensive experiments on multiple face recognition benchmarks indicate that the proposed GB-CosFace outperforms current state-of-the-art face recognition losses in mainstream face recognition tasks. Compared to CosFace, our GB-CosFace improves 1.58%, 0.57%, and 0.28% at TAR@FAR=1e-6, 1e-5, 1e-4 on IJB-C benchmark.      
### 24.Robust Visual Odometry Using Position-Aware Flow and Geometric Bundle Adjustment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11141.pdf)
>  In this paper, an essential problem of robust visual odometry (VO) is approached by incorporating geometry-based methods into deep-learning architecture in a self-supervised manner. Generally, pure geometry-based algorithms are not as robust as deep learning in feature-point extraction and matching, but perform well in ego-motion estimation because of their well-established geometric theory. In this work, a novel optical flow network (PANet) built on a position-aware mechanism is proposed first. Then, a novel system that jointly estimates depth, optical flow, and ego-motion without a typical network to learning ego-motion is proposed. The key component of the proposed system is an improved bundle adjustment module containing multiple sampling, initialization of ego-motion, dynamic damping factor adjustment, and Jacobi matrix weighting. In addition, a novel relative photometric loss function is advanced to improve the depth estimation accuracy. The experiments show that the proposed system not only outperforms other state-of-the-art methods in terms of depth, flow, and VO estimation among self-supervised learning-based methods on KITTI dataset, but also significantly improves robustness compared with geometry-based, learning-based and hybrid VO systems. Further experiments show that our model achieves outstanding generalization ability and performance in challenging indoor (TMU-RGBD) and outdoor (KAIST) scenes.      
### 25.L-Verse: Bidirectional Generation Between Image and Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11133.pdf)
>  Far beyond learning long-range interactions of natural language, transformers are becoming the de-facto standard for many vision tasks with their power and scalabilty. Especially with cross-modal tasks between image and text, vector quantized variational autoencoders (VQ-VAEs) are widely used to make a raw RGB image into a sequence of feature vectors. To better leverage the correlation between image and text, we propose L-Verse, a novel architecture consisting of feature-augmented variational autoencoder (AugVAE) and bidirectional auto-regressive transformer (BiART) for text-to-image and image-to-text generation. Our AugVAE shows the state-of-the-art reconstruction performance on ImageNet1K validation set, along with the robustness to unseen images in the wild. Unlike other models, BiART can distinguish between image (or text) as a conditional reference and a generation target. L-Verse can be directly used for image-to-text or text-to-image generation tasks without any finetuning or extra object detection frameworks. In quantitative and qualitative experiments, L-Verse shows impressive results against previous methods in both image-to-text and text-to-image generation on MS-COCO Captions. We furthermore assess the scalability of L-Verse architecture on Conceptual Captions and present the initial results of bidirectional vision-language representation learning on general domain. Codes available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tgisaturday/L-Verse" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 26.Myope Models -- Are face presentation attack detection models short-sighted?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11127.pdf)
>  Presentation attacks are recurrent threats to biometric systems, where impostors attempt to bypass these systems. Humans often use background information as contextual cues for their visual system. Yet, regarding face-based systems, the background is often discarded, since face presentation attack detection (PAD) models are mostly trained with face crops. This work presents a comparative study of face PAD models (including multi-task learning, adversarial training and dynamic frame selection) in two settings: with and without crops. The results show that the performance is consistently better when the background is present in the images. The proposed multi-task methodology beats the state-of-the-art results on the ROSE-Youtu dataset by a large margin with an equal error rate of 0.2%. Furthermore, we analyze the models' predictions with Grad-CAM++ with the aim to investigate to what extent the models focus on background elements that are known to be useful for human inspection. From this analysis we can conclude that the background cues are not relevant across all the attacks. Thus, showing the capability of the model to leverage the background information only when necessary.      
### 27.Mesa: A Memory-saving Training Framework for Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11124.pdf)
>  There has been an explosion of interest in designing high-performance Transformers. While Transformers have delivered significant performance improvements, training such networks is extremely memory intensive owing to storing all intermediate activations that are needed for gradient computation during backpropagation, especially for long sequences. To this end, we present Mesa, a memory-saving resource-efficient training framework for Transformers. Specifically, Mesa uses exact activations during forward pass while storing a low-precision version of activations to reduce memory consumption during training. The low-precision activations are then dequantized during back-propagation to compute gradients. Besides, to address the heterogeneous activation distributions in the multi-head self-attention layers, we propose a head-wise activation quantization strategy, which quantizes activations based on the statistics of each head to minimize the approximation error. To further boost training efficiency, we learn quantization parameters by running estimates. More importantly, by re-investing the saved memory in employing a larger batch size or scaling up model size, we may further improve the performance under constrained computational resources. Extensive experiments on ImageNet, CIFAR-100 and ADE20K demonstrate that Mesa can reduce half of the memory footprints during training while achieving comparable or even better performance. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhuang-group/Mesa" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 28.Depth-aware Object Segmentation and Grasp Detection for Robotic Picking Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11114.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel deep neural network architecture for joint class-agnostic object segmentation and grasp detection for robotic picking tasks using a parallel-plate gripper. We introduce depth-aware Coordinate Convolution (CoordConv), a method to increase accuracy for point proposal based object instance segmentation in complex scenes without adding any additional network parameters or computation complexity. Depth-aware CoordConv uses depth data to extract prior information about the location of an object to achieve highly accurate object instance segmentation. These resulting segmentation masks, combined with predicted grasp candidates, lead to a complete scene description for grasping using a parallel-plate gripper. We evaluate the accuracy of grasp detection and instance segmentation on challenging robotic picking datasets, namely Siléane and OCID_grasp, and show the benefit of joint grasp detection and segmentation on a real-world robotic picking task.      
### 29.Improving Semantic Image Segmentation via Label Fusion in Semantically Textured Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11103.pdf)
>  Models for semantic segmentation require a large amount of hand-labeled training data which is costly and time-consuming to produce. For this purpose, we present a label fusion framework that is capable of improving semantic pixel labels of video sequences in an unsupervised manner. We make use of a 3D mesh representation of the environment and fuse the predictions of different frames into a consistent representation using semantic mesh textures. Rendering the semantic mesh using the original intrinsic and extrinsic camera parameters yields a set of improved semantic segmentation images. Due to our optimized CUDA implementation, we are able to exploit the entire $c$-dimensional probability distribution of annotations over $c$ classes in an uncertainty-aware manner. We evaluate our method on the Scannet dataset where we improve annotations produced by the state-of-the-art segmentation network ESANet from $52.05 \%$ to $58.25 \%$ pixel accuracy. We publish the source code of our framework online to foster future research in this area (\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fferflo/semantic-meshes" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first publicly available label fusion framework for semantic image segmentation based on meshes with semantic textures.      
### 30.Monocular Road Planar Parallax Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11089.pdf)
>  Estimating the 3D structure of the drivable surface and surrounding environment is a crucial task for assisted and autonomous driving. It is commonly solved either by using expensive 3D sensors such as LiDAR or directly predicting the depth of points via deep learning. Instead of following existing methodologies, we propose Road Planar Parallax Attention Network (RPANet), a new deep neural network for 3D sensing from monocular image sequences based on planar parallax, which takes full advantage of the commonly seen road plane geometry in driving scenes. RPANet takes a pair of images aligned by the homography of the road plane as input and outputs a $\gamma$ map for 3D reconstruction. Beyond estimating the depth or height, the $\gamma$ map has a potential to construct a two-dimensional transformation between two consecutive frames while can be easily derived to depth or height. By warping the consecutive frames using the road plane as a reference, the 3D structure can be estimated from the planar parallax and the residual image displacements. Furthermore, to make the network better perceive the displacements caused by planar parallax, we introduce a novel cross-attention module. We sample data from the Waymo Open Dataset and construct data related to planar parallax. Comprehensive experiments are conducted on the sampled dataset to demonstrate the 3D reconstruction accuracy of our approach in challenging scenarios.      
### 31.Semi-Supervised Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11067.pdf)
>  We study the training of Vision Transformers for semi-supervised image classification. Transformers have recently demonstrated impressive performance on a multitude of supervised learning tasks. Surprisingly, we find Vision Transformers perform poorly on a semi-supervised ImageNet setting. In contrast, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) achieve superior results in small labeled data regime. Further investigation reveals that the reason is CNNs have strong spatial inductive bias. Inspired by this observation, we introduce a joint semi-supervised learning framework, Semiformer, which contains a Transformer branch, a Convolutional branch and a carefully designed fusion module for knowledge sharing between the branches. The Convolutional branch is trained on the limited supervised data and generates pseudo labels to supervise the training of the transformer branch on unlabeled data. Extensive experiments on ImageNet demonstrate that Semiformer achieves 75.5\% top-1 accuracy, outperforming the state-of-the-art. In addition, we show Semiformer is a general framework which is compatible with most modern Transformer and Convolutional neural architectures.      
### 32.FedCV: A Federated Learning Framework for Diverse Computer Vision Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11066.pdf)
>  Federated Learning (FL) is a distributed learning paradigm that can learn a global or personalized model from decentralized datasets on edge devices. However, in the computer vision domain, model performance in FL is far behind centralized training due to the lack of exploration in diverse tasks with a unified FL framework. FL has rarely been demonstrated effectively in advanced computer vision tasks such as object detection and image segmentation. To bridge the gap and facilitate the development of FL for computer vision tasks, in this work, we propose a federated learning library and benchmarking framework, named FedCV, to evaluate FL on the three most representative computer vision tasks: image classification, image segmentation, and object detection. We provide non-I.I.D. benchmarking datasets, models, and various reference FL algorithms. Our benchmark study suggests that there are multiple challenges that deserve future exploration: centralized training tricks may not be directly applied to FL; the non-I.I.D. dataset actually downgrades the model accuracy to some degree in different tasks; improving the system efficiency of federated training is challenging given the huge number of parameters and the per-client memory cost. We believe that such a library and benchmark, along with comparable evaluation settings, is necessary to make meaningful progress in FL on computer vision tasks. FedCV is publicly available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FedML-AI/FedCV" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.CATNet: Context AggregaTion Network for Instance Segmentation in Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11057.pdf)
>  The task of instance segmentation in remote sensing images, aiming at performing per-pixel labeling of objects at instance level, is of great importance for various civil applications. Despite previous successes, most existing instance segmentation methods designed for natural images encounter sharp performance degradations when directly applied to top-view remote sensing images. Through careful analysis, we observe that the challenges mainly come from lack of discriminative object features due to severe scale variations, low contrasts, and clustered distributions. In order to address these problems, a novel context aggregation network (CATNet) is proposed to improve the feature extraction process. The proposed model exploits three lightweight plug-and-play modules, namely dense feature pyramid network (DenseFPN), spatial context pyramid (SCP), and hierarchical region of interest extractor (HRoIE), to aggregate global visual context at feature, spatial, and instance domains, respectively. DenseFPN is a multi-scale feature propagation module that establishes more flexible information flows by adopting inter-level residual connections, cross-level dense connections, and feature re-weighting strategy. Leveraging the attention mechanism, SCP further augments the features by aggregating global spatial context into local regions. For each instance, HRoIE adaptively generates RoI features for different downstream tasks. We carry out extensive evaluation of the proposed scheme on the challenging iSAID, DIOR, NWPU VHR-10, and HRSID datasets. The evaluation results demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-arts with similar computational costs. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yeliudev/CATNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Evaluating Adversarial Attacks on ImageNet: A Reality Check on Misclassification Classes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11056.pdf)
>  Although ImageNet was initially proposed as a dataset for performance benchmarking in the domain of computer vision, it also enabled a variety of other research efforts. Adversarial machine learning is one such research effort, employing deceptive inputs to fool models in making wrong predictions. To evaluate attacks and defenses in the field of adversarial machine learning, ImageNet remains one of the most frequently used datasets. However, a topic that is yet to be investigated is the nature of the classes into which adversarial examples are misclassified. In this paper, we perform a detailed analysis of these misclassification classes, leveraging the ImageNet class hierarchy and measuring the relative positions of the aforementioned type of classes in the unperturbed origins of the adversarial examples. We find that $71\%$ of the adversarial examples that achieve model-to-model adversarial transferability are misclassified into one of the top-5 classes predicted for the underlying source images. We also find that a large subset of untargeted misclassifications are, in fact, misclassifications into semantically similar classes. Based on these findings, we discuss the need to take into account the ImageNet class hierarchy when evaluating untargeted adversarial successes. Furthermore, we advocate for future research efforts to incorporate categorical information.      
### 35.Dense Uncertainty Estimation via an Ensemble-based Conditional Latent Variable Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11055.pdf)
>  Uncertainty estimation has been extensively studied in recent literature, which can usually be classified as aleatoric uncertainty and epistemic uncertainty. In current aleatoric uncertainty estimation frameworks, it is often neglected that the aleatoric uncertainty is an inherent attribute of the data and can only be correctly estimated with an unbiased oracle model. Since the oracle model is inaccessible in most cases, we propose a new sampling and selection strategy at train time to approximate the oracle model for aleatoric uncertainty estimation. Further, we show a trivial solution in the dual-head based heteroscedastic aleatoric uncertainty estimation framework and introduce a new uncertainty consistency loss to avoid it. For epistemic uncertainty estimation, we argue that the internal variable in a conditional latent variable model is another source of epistemic uncertainty to model the predictive distribution and explore the limited knowledge about the hidden true model. We validate our observation on a dense prediction task, i.e., camouflaged object detection. Our results show that our solution achieves both accurate deterministic results and reliable uncertainty estimation.      
### 36.Contrast-reconstruction Representation Learning for Self-supervised Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11051.pdf)
>  Skeleton-based action recognition is widely used in varied areas, e.g., surveillance and human-machine interaction. Existing models are mainly learned in a supervised manner, thus heavily depending on large-scale labeled data which could be infeasible when labels are prohibitively expensive. In this paper, we propose a novel Contrast-Reconstruction Representation Learning network (CRRL) that simultaneously captures postures and motion dynamics for unsupervised skeleton-based action recognition. It mainly consists of three parts: Sequence Reconstructor, Contrastive Motion Learner, and Information Fuser. The Sequence Reconstructor learns representation from skeleton coordinate sequence via reconstruction, thus the learned representation tends to focus on trivial postural coordinates and be hesitant in motion learning. To enhance the learning of motions, the Contrastive Motion Learner performs contrastive learning between the representations learned from coordinate sequence and additional velocity sequence, respectively. Finally, in the Information Fuser, we explore varied strategies to combine the Sequence Reconstructor and Contrastive Motion Learner, and propose to capture postures and motions simultaneously via a knowledge-distillation based fusion strategy that transfers the motion learning from the Contrastive Motion Learner to the Sequence Reconstructor. Experimental results on several benchmarks, i.e., NTU RGB+D 60, NTU RGB+D 120, CMU mocap, and NW-UCLA, demonstrate the promise of the proposed CRRL method by far outperforming state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 37.Face Presentation Attack Detection using Taskonomy Feature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11046.pdf)
>  The robustness and generalization ability of Presentation Attack Detection (PAD) methods is critical to ensure the security of Face Recognition Systems (FRSs). However, in the real scenario, Presentation Attacks (PAs) are various and hard to be collected. Existing PAD methods are highly dependent on the limited training set and cannot generalize well to unknown PAs. Unlike PAD task, other face-related tasks trained by huge amount of real faces (e.g. face recognition and attribute editing) can be effectively adopted into different application scenarios. Inspired by this, we propose to apply taskonomy (task taxonomy) from other face-related tasks to solve face PAD, so as to improve the generalization ability in detecting PAs. The proposed method, first introduces task specific features from other face-related tasks, then, we design a Cross-Modal Adapter using a Graph Attention Network (GAT) to re-map such features to adapt to PAD task. Finally, face PAD is achieved by using the hierarchical features from a CNN-based PA detector and the re-mapped features. The experimental results show that the proposed method can achieve significant improvements in the complicated and hybrid datasets, when compared with the state-of-the-art methods. In particular, when trained using OULU-NPU, CASIA-FASD, and Idiap Replay-Attack, we obtain HTER (Half Total Error Rate) of 5.48% in MSU-MFSD, outperforming the baseline by 7.39%. Code will be made publicly available.      
### 38.Exploiting Segment-level Semantics for Online Phase Recognition from Surgical Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11044.pdf)
>  Automatic surgical phase recognition plays an important role in robot-assisted surgeries. Existing methods ignored a pivotal problem that surgical phases should be classified by learning segment-level semantics instead of solely relying on frame-wise information. In this paper, we present a segment-attentive hierarchical consistency network (SAHC) for surgical phase recognition from videos. The key idea is to extract hierarchical high-level semantic-consistent segments and use them to refine the erroneous predictions caused by ambiguous frames. To achieve it, we design a temporal hierarchical network to generate hierarchical high-level segments. Then, we introduce a hierarchical segment-frame attention (SFA) module to capture relations between the low-level frames and high-level segments. By regularizing the predictions of frames and their corresponding segments via a consistency loss, the network can generate semantic-consistent segments and then rectify the misclassified predictions caused by ambiguous low-level frames. We validate SAHC on two public surgical video datasets, i.e., the M2CAI16 challenge dataset and the Cholec80 dataset. Experimental results show that our method outperforms previous state-of-the-arts by a large margin, notably reaches 4.1% improvements on M2CAI16. Code will be released at GitHub upon acceptance.      
### 39.Auto-Encoding Score Distribution Regression for Action Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11029.pdf)
>  Action quality assessment (AQA) from videos is a challenging vision task since the relation between videos and action scores is difficult to model. Thus, action quality assessment has been widely studied in the literature. Traditionally, AQA task is treated as a regression problem to learn the underlying mappings between videos and action scores. More recently, the method of uncertainty score distribution learning (USDL) made success due to the introduction of label distribution learning (LDL). But USDL does not apply to dataset with continuous labels and needs a fixed variance in training. In this paper, to address the above problems, we further develop Distribution Auto-Encoder (DAE). DAE takes both advantages of regression algorithms and label distribution learning (LDL).Specifically, it encodes videos into distributions and uses the reparameterization trick in variational auto-encoders (VAE) to sample scores, which establishes a more accurate mapping between videos and scores. Meanwhile, a combined loss is constructed to accelerate the training of DAE. DAE-MT is further proposed to deal with AQA on multi-task datasets. We evaluate our DAE approach on MTL-AQA and JIGSAWS datasets. Experimental results on public datasets demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-arts under the Spearman's Rank Correlation: 0.9449 on MTL-AQA and 0.73 on JIGSAWS.      
### 40.CDistNet: Perceiving Multi-Domain Character Distance for Robust Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11011.pdf)
>  The attention-based encoder-decoder framework is becoming popular in scene text recognition, largely due to its superiority in integrating recognition clues from both visual and semantic domains. However, recent studies show the two clues might be misaligned in the difficult text (e.g., with rare text shapes) and introduce constraints such as character position to alleviate the problem. Despite certain success, a content-free positional embedding hardly associates with meaningful local image regions stably. In this paper, we propose a novel module called Multi-Domain Character Distance Perception (MDCDP) to establish a visual and semantic related position encoding. MDCDP uses positional embedding to query both visual and semantic features following the attention mechanism. It naturally encodes the positional clue, which describes both visual and semantic distances among characters. We develop a novel architecture named CDistNet that stacks MDCDP several times to guide precise distance modeling. Thus, the visual-semantic alignment is well built even various difficulties presented. We apply CDistNet to two augmented datasets and six public benchmarks. The experiments demonstrate that CDistNet achieves state-of-the-art recognition accuracy. While the visualization also shows that CDistNet achieves proper attention localization in both visual and semantic domains. We will release our code upon acceptance.      
### 41.Imperceptible Transfer Attack and Defense on 3D Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10990.pdf)
>  Although many efforts have been made into attack and defense on the 2D image domain in recent years, few methods explore the vulnerability of 3D models. Existing 3D attackers generally perform point-wise perturbation over point clouds, resulting in deformed structures or outliers, which is easily perceivable by humans. Moreover, their adversarial examples are generated under the white-box setting, which frequently suffers from low success rates when transferred to attack remote black-box models. In this paper, we study 3D point cloud attacks from two new and challenging perspectives by proposing a novel Imperceptible Transfer Attack (ITA): 1) Imperceptibility: we constrain the perturbation direction of each point along its normal vector of the neighborhood surface, leading to generated examples with similar geometric properties and thus enhancing the imperceptibility. 2) Transferability: we develop an adversarial transformation model to generate the most harmful distortions and enforce the adversarial examples to resist it, improving their transferability to unknown black-box models. Further, we propose to train more robust black-box 3D models to defend against such ITA attacks by learning more discriminative point cloud representations. Extensive evaluations demonstrate that our ITA attack is more imperceptible and transferable than state-of-the-arts and validate the superiority of our defense strategy.      
### 42.Exploring Feature Representation Learning for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10989.pdf)
>  This paper presents a simple yet effective two-stage framework for semi-supervised medical image segmentation. Our key insight is to explore the feature representation learning with labeled and unlabeled (i.e., pseudo labeled) images to enhance the segmentation performance. In the first stage, we present an aleatoric uncertainty-aware method, namely AUA, to improve the segmentation performance for generating high-quality pseudo labels. Considering the inherent ambiguity of medical images, AUA adaptively regularizes the consistency on images with low ambiguity. To enhance the representation learning, we propose a stage-adaptive contrastive learning method, including a boundary-aware contrastive loss to regularize the labeled images in the first stage and a prototype-aware contrastive loss to optimize both labeled and pseudo labeled images in the second stage. The boundary-aware contrastive loss only optimizes pixels around the segmentation boundaries to reduce the computational cost. The prototype-aware contrastive loss fully leverages both labeled images and pseudo labeled images by building a centroid for each class to reduce computational cost for pair-wise comparison. Our method achieves the best results on two public medical image segmentation benchmarks. Notably, our method outperforms the prior state-of-the-art by 5.7% on Dice for colon tumor segmentation relying on just 5% labeled images.      
### 43.Efficient Non-Compression Auto-Encoder for Driving Noise-based Road Surface Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10985.pdf)
>  Wet weather makes water film over the road and that film causes lower friction between tire and road surface. When a vehicle passes the low-friction road, the accident can occur up to 35% higher frequency than a normal condition road. In order to prevent accidents as above, identifying the road condition in real-time is essential. Thus, we propose a convolutional auto-encoder-based anomaly detection model for taking both less computational resources and achieving higher anomaly detection performance. The proposed model adopts a non-compression method rather than a conventional bottleneck structured auto-encoder. As a result, the computational cost of the neural network is reduced up to 1 over 25 compared to the conventional models and the anomaly detection performance is improved by up to 7.72%. Thus, we conclude the proposed model as a cutting-edge algorithm for real-time anomaly detection.      
### 44.Topological Regularization for Dense Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10984.pdf)
>  Dense prediction tasks such as depth perception and semantic segmentation are important applications in computer vision that have a concrete topological description in terms of partitioning an image into connected components or estimating a function with a small number of local extrema corresponding to objects in the image. We develop a form of topological regularization based on persistent homology that can be used in dense prediction tasks with these topological descriptions. Experimental results show that the output topology can also appear in the internal activations of trained neural networks which allows for a novel use of topological regularization to the internal states of neural networks during training, reducing the computational cost of the regularization. We demonstrate that this topological regularization of internal activations leads to improved convergence and test benchmarks on several problems and architectures.      
### 45.Deformation Robust Roto-Scale-Translation Equivariant CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10978.pdf)
>  Incorporating group symmetry directly into the learning process has proved to be an effective guideline for model design. By producing features that are guaranteed to transform covariantly to the group actions on the inputs, group-equivariant convolutional neural networks (G-CNNs) achieve significantly improved generalization performance in learning tasks with intrinsic symmetry. General theory and practical implementation of G-CNNs have been studied for planar images under either rotation or scaling transformation, but only individually. We present, in this paper, a roto-scale-translation equivariant CNN (RST-CNN), that is guaranteed to achieve equivariance jointly over these three groups via coupled group convolutions. Moreover, as symmetry transformations in reality are rarely perfect and typically subject to input deformation, we provide a stability analysis of the equivariance of representation to input distortion, which motivates the truncated expansion of the convolutional filters under (pre-fixed) low-frequency spatial modes. The resulting model provably achieves deformation-robust RST equivariance, i.e., the RST symmetry is still "approximately" preserved when the transformation is "contaminated" by a nuisance data deformation, a property that is especially important for out-of-distribution generalization. Numerical experiments on MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, and STL-10 demonstrate that the proposed model yields remarkable gains over prior arts, especially in the small data regime where both rotation and scaling variations are present within the data.      
### 46.Many Heads but One Brain: an Overview of Fusion Brain Challenge on AI Journey 2021  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10974.pdf)
>  Supporting the current trend in the AI community, we propose the AI Journey 2021 Challenge called Fusion Brain which is targeted to make the universal architecture process different modalities (namely, images, texts, and code) and to solve multiple tasks for vision and language. The Fusion Brain Challenge <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sberbank-ai/fusion_brain_aij2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> combines the following specific tasks: Code2code Translation, Handwritten Text recognition, Zero-shot Object Detection, and Visual Question Answering. We have created datasets for each task to test the participants' submissions on it. Moreover, we have opened a new handwritten dataset in both Russian and English, which consists of 94,130 pairs of images and texts. The Russian part of the dataset is the largest Russian handwritten dataset in the world. We also propose the baseline solution and corresponding task-specific solutions as well as overall metrics.      
### 47.Tracking Grow-Finish Pigs Across Large Pens Using Multiple Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10971.pdf)
>  Increasing demand for meat products combined with farm labor shortages has resulted in a need to develop new real-time solutions to monitor animals effectively. Significant progress has been made in continuously locating individual pigs using tracking-by-detection methods. However, these methods fail for oblong pens because a single fixed camera does not cover the entire floor at adequate resolution. We address this problem by using multiple cameras, placed such that the visual fields of adjacent cameras overlap, and together they span the entire floor. Avoiding breaks in tracking requires inter-camera handover when a pig crosses from one camera's view into that of an adjacent camera. We identify the adjacent camera and the shared pig location on the floor at the handover time using inter-view homography. Our experiments involve two grow-finish pens, housing 16-17 pigs each, and three RGB cameras. Our algorithm first detects pigs using a deep learning-based object detection model (YOLO) and creates their local tracking IDs using a multi-object tracking algorithm (DeepSORT). We then use inter-camera shared locations to match multiple views and generate a global ID for each pig that holds throughout tracking. To evaluate our approach, we provide five two-minutes long video sequences with fully annotated global identities. We track pigs in a single camera view with a Multi-Object Tracking Accuracy and Precision of 65.0% and 54.3% respectively and achieve a Camera Handover Accuracy of 74.0%. We open-source our code and annotated dataset at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AIFARMS/multi-camera-pig-tracking" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 48.Medical Aegis: Robust adversarial protectors for medical images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10969.pdf)
>  Deep neural network based medical image systems are vulnerable to adversarial examples. Many defense mechanisms have been proposed in the literature, however, the existing defenses assume a passive attacker who knows little about the defense system and does not change the attack strategy according to the defense. Recent works have shown that a strong adaptive attack, where an attacker is assumed to have full knowledge about the defense system, can easily bypass the existing defenses. In this paper, we propose a novel adversarial example defense system called Medical Aegis. To the best of our knowledge, Medical Aegis is the first defense in the literature that successfully addresses the strong adaptive adversarial example attacks to medical images. Medical Aegis boasts two-tier protectors: The first tier of Cushion weakens the adversarial manipulation capability of an attack by removing its high-frequency components, yet posing a minimal effect on classification performance of the original image; the second tier of Shield learns a set of per-class DNN models to predict the logits of the protected model. Deviation from the Shield's prediction indicates adversarial examples. Shield is inspired by the observations in our stress tests that there exist robust trails in the shallow layers of a DNN model, which the adaptive attacks can hardly destruct. Experimental results show that the proposed defense accurately detects adaptive attacks, with negligible overhead for model inference. 
### 49. deleted
### 50.MUM : Mix Image Tiles and UnMix Feature Tiles for Semi-Supervised Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10958.pdf)
>  Many recent semi-supervised learning (SSL) studies build teacher-student architecture and train the student network by the generated supervisory signal from the teacher. Data augmentation strategy plays a significant role in the SSL framework since it is hard to create a weak-strong augmented input pair without losing label information. Especially when extending SSL to semi-supervised object detection (SSOD), many strong augmentation methodologies related to image geometry and interpolation-regularization are hard to utilize since they possibly hurt the location information of the bounding box in the object detection task. To address this, we introduce a simple yet effective data augmentation method, Mix/UnMix (MUM), which unmixes feature tiles for the mixed image tiles for the SSOD framework. Our proposed method makes mixed input image tiles and reconstructs them in the feature space. Thus, MUM can enjoy the interpolation-regularization effect from non-interpolated pseudo-labels and successfully generate a meaningful weak-strong pair. Furthermore, MUM can be easily equipped on top of various SSOD methods. Extensive experiments on MS-COCO and PASCAL VOC datasets demonstrate the superiority of MUM by consistently improving the mAP performance over the baseline in all the tested SSOD benchmark protocols.      
### 51.Model-Based Single Image Deep Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10943.pdf)
>  Model-based single image dehazing algorithms restore images with sharp edges and rich details at the expense of low PSNR values. Data-driven ones restore images with high PSNR values but with low contrast, and even some remaining haze. In this paper, a novel single image dehazing algorithm is introduced by fusing model-based and data-driven approaches. Both transmission map and atmospheric light are initialized by the model-based methods, and refined by deep learning approaches which form a neural augmentation. Haze-free images are restored by using the transmission map and atmospheric light. Experimental results indicate that the proposed algorithm can remove haze well from real-world and synthetic hazy images.      
### 52.Self-supervised Semi-supervised Learning for Data Labeling and Quality Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10932.pdf)
>  As the adoption of deep learning techniques in industrial applications grows with increasing speed and scale, successful deployment of deep learning models often hinges on the availability, volume, and quality of annotated data. In this paper, we tackle the problems of efficient data labeling and annotation verification under the human-in-the-loop setting. We showcase that the latest advancements in the field of self-supervised visual representation learning can lead to tools and methods that benefit the curation and engineering of natural image datasets, reducing annotation cost and increasing annotation quality. We propose a unifying framework by leveraging self-supervised semi-supervised learning and use it to construct workflows for data labeling and annotation verification tasks. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our workflows over existing methodologies. On active learning task, our method achieves 97.0% Top-1 Accuracy on CIFAR10 with 0.1% annotated data, and 83.9% Top-1 Accuracy on CIFAR100 with 10% annotated data. When learning with 50% of wrong labels, our method achieves 97.4% Top-1 Accuracy on CIFAR10 and 85.5% Top-1 Accuracy on CIFAR100.      
### 53.Deep Reinforced Attention Regression for Partial Sketch Based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10917.pdf)
>  Fine-Grained Sketch-Based Image Retrieval (FG-SBIR) aims at finding a specific image from a large gallery given a query sketch. Despite the widespread applicability of FG-SBIR in many critical domains (e.g., crime activity tracking), existing approaches still suffer from a low accuracy while being sensitive to external noises such as unnecessary strokes in the sketch. The retrieval performance will further deteriorate under a more practical on-the-fly setting, where only a partially complete sketch with only a few (noisy) strokes are available to retrieve corresponding images. We propose a novel framework that leverages a uniquely designed deep reinforcement learning model that performs a dual-level exploration to deal with partial sketch training and attention region selection. By enforcing the model's attention on the important regions of the original sketches, it remains robust to unnecessary stroke noises and improve the retrieval accuracy by a large margin. To sufficiently explore partial sketches and locate the important regions to attend, the model performs bootstrapped policy gradient for global exploration while adjusting a standard deviation term that governs a locator network for local exploration. The training process is guided by a hybrid loss that integrates a reinforcement loss and a supervised loss. A dynamic ranking reward is developed to fit the on-the-fly image retrieval process using partial sketches. The extensive experimentation performed on three public datasets shows that our proposed approach achieves the state-of-the-art performance on partial sketch based image retrieval.      
### 54.Video Content Swapping Using GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10916.pdf)
>  Video generation is an interesting problem in computer vision. It is quite popular for data augmentation, special effect in move, AR/VR and so on. With the advances of deep learning, many deep generative models have been proposed to solve this task. These deep generative models provide away to utilize all the unlabeled images and videos online, since it can learn deep feature representations with unsupervised manner. These models can also generate different kinds of images, which have great value for visual application. However generating a video would be much more challenging since we need to model not only the appearances of objects in the video but also their temporal motion. In this work, we will break down any frame in the video into content and pose. We first extract the pose information from a video using a pre-trained human pose detection and use a generative model to synthesize the video based on the content code and pose code.      
### 55.Geometry-Aware Multi-Task Learning for Binaural Audio Generation from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10882.pdf)
>  Binaural audio provides human listeners with an immersive spatial sound experience, but most existing videos lack binaural audio recordings. We propose an audio spatialization method that draws on visual information in videos to convert their monaural (single-channel) audio to binaural audio. Whereas existing approaches leverage visual features extracted directly from video frames, our approach explicitly disentangles the geometric cues present in the visual stream to guide the learning process. In particular, we develop a multi-task framework that learns geometry-aware features for binaural audio generation by accounting for the underlying room impulse response, the visual stream's coherence with the sound source(s) positions, and the consistency in geometry of the sounding objects over time. Furthermore, we introduce a new large video dataset with realistic binaural audio simulated for real-world scanned environments. On two datasets, we demonstrate the efficacy of our method, which achieves state-of-the-art results.      
### 56.CpT: Convolutional Point Transformer for 3D Point Cloud Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10866.pdf)
>  We present CpT: Convolutional point Transformer - a novel deep learning architecture for dealing with the unstructured nature of 3D point cloud data. CpT is an improvement over existing attention-based Convolutions Neural Networks as well as previous 3D point cloud processing transformers. It achieves this feat due to its effectiveness in creating a novel and robust attention-based point set embedding through a convolutional projection layer crafted for processing dynamically local point set neighbourhoods. The resultant point set embedding is robust to the permutations of the input points. Our novel CpT block builds over local neighbourhoods of points obtained via a dynamic graph computation at each layer of the networks' structure. It is fully differentiable and can be stacked just like convolutional layers to learn global properties of the points. We evaluate our model on standard benchmark datasets such as ModelNet40, ShapeNet Part Segmentation, and the S3DIS 3D indoor scene semantic segmentation dataset to show that our model can serve as an effective backbone for various point cloud processing tasks when compared to the existing state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 57.XnODR and XnIDR: Two Accurate and Fast Fully Connected Layers For Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10854.pdf)
>  Although Capsule Networks show great abilities in defining the position relationship between features in deep neural networks for visual recognition tasks, they are computationally expensive and not suitable for running on mobile devices. The bottleneck is in the computational complexity of the Dynamic Routing mechanism used between capsules. On the other hand, neural networks such as XNOR-Net are fast and computationally efficient but have relatively low accuracy because of their information loss in the binarization process. This paper proposes a new class of Fully Connected (FC) Layers by xnorizing the linear projector outside or inside the Dynamic Routing within the CapsFC layer. Specifically, our proposed FC layers have two versions, XnODR (Xnorizing Linear Projector Outside Dynamic Routing) and XnIDR (Xnorizing Linear Projector Inside Dynamic Routing). To test their generalization, we insert them into MobileNet V2 and ResNet-50 separately. Experiments on three datasets, MNIST, CIFAR-10, MultiMNIST validate their effectiveness. Our experimental results demonstrate that both XnODR and XnIDR help networks to have high accuracy with lower FLOPs and fewer parameters (e.g., 95.32\% accuracy with 2.99M parameters and 311.22M FLOPs on CIFAR-10).      
### 58.Denoised Internal Models: a Brain-Inspired Autoencoder against Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10844.pdf)
>  Despite its great success, deep learning severely suffers from robustness; that is, deep neural networks are very vulnerable to adversarial attacks, even the simplest ones. Inspired by recent advances in brain science, we propose the Denoised Internal Models (DIM), a novel generative autoencoder-based model to tackle this challenge. Simulating the pipeline in the human brain for visual signal processing, DIM adopts a two-stage approach. In the first stage, DIM uses a denoiser to reduce the noise and the dimensions of inputs, reflecting the information pre-processing in the thalamus. Inspired from the sparse coding of memory-related traces in the primary visual cortex, the second stage produces a set of internal models, one for each category. We evaluate DIM over 42 adversarial attacks, showing that DIM effectively defenses against all the attacks and outperforms the SOTA on the overall robustness.      
### 59.Understanding Pixel-level 2D Image Semantics with 3D Keypoint Knowledge Engine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10817.pdf)
>  Pixel-level 2D object semantic understanding is an important topic in computer vision and could help machine deeply understand objects (e.g. functionality and affordance) in our daily life. However, most previous methods directly train on correspondences in 2D images, which is end-to-end but loses plenty of information in 3D spaces. In this paper, we propose a new method on predicting image corresponding semantics in 3D domain and then projecting them back onto 2D images to achieve pixel-level understanding. In order to obtain reliable 3D semantic labels that are absent in current image datasets, we build a large scale keypoint knowledge engine called KeypointNet, which contains 103,450 keypoints and 8,234 3D models from 16 object categories. Our method leverages the advantages in 3D vision and can explicitly reason about objects self-occlusion and visibility. We show that our method gives comparative and even superior results on standard semantic benchmarks.      
### 60.HoughCL: Finding Better Positive Pairs in Dense Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10794.pdf)
>  Recently, self-supervised methods show remarkable achievements in image-level representation learning. Nevertheless, their image-level self-supervisions lead the learned representation to sub-optimal for dense prediction tasks, such as object detection, instance segmentation, etc. To tackle this issue, several recent self-supervised learning methods have extended image-level single embedding to pixel-level dense embeddings. Unlike image-level representation learning, due to the spatial deformation of augmentation, it is difficult to sample pixel-level positive pairs. Previous studies have sampled pixel-level positive pairs using the winner-takes-all among similarity or thresholding warped distance between dense embeddings. However, these naive methods can be struggled by background clutter and outliers problems. In this paper, we introduce Hough Contrastive Learning (HoughCL), a Hough space based method that enforces geometric consistency between two dense features. HoughCL achieves robustness against background clutter and outliers. Furthermore, compared to baseline, our dense positive pairing method has no additional learnable parameters and has a small extra computation cost. Compared to previous works, our method shows better or comparable performance on dense prediction fine-tuning tasks.      
### 61.FCOSR: A Simple Anchor-free Rotated Detector for Aerial Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10780.pdf)
>  Existing anchor-base oriented object detection methods have achieved amazing results, but these methods require some manual preset boxes, which introduces additional hyperparameters and calculations. The existing anchor-free methods usually have complex architectures and are not easy to deploy. Our goal is to propose an algorithm which is simple and easy-to-deploy for aerial image detection. In this paper, we present a one-stage anchor-free rotated object detector (FCOSR) based on FCOS, which can be deployed on most platforms. The FCOSR has a simple architecture consisting of only convolution layers. Our work focuses on the label assignment strategy for the training phase. We use ellipse center sampling method to define a suitable sampling region for oriented bounding box (OBB). The fuzzy sample assignment strategy provides reasonable labels for overlapping objects. To solve the insufficient sampling problem, a multi-level sampling module is designed. These strategies allocate more appropriate labels to training samples. Our algorithm achieves 79.25, 75.41, and 90.15 mAP on DOTA1.0, DOTA1.5, and HRSC2016 datasets, respectively. FCOSR demonstrates superior performance to other methods in single-scale evaluation. We convert a lightweight FCOSR model to TensorRT format, which achieves 73.93 mAP on DOTA1.0 at a speed of 10.68 FPS on Jetson Xavier NX with single scale. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lzh420202/FCOSR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 62.Adversarial Mask: Real-World Adversarial Attack Against Face Recognition Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10759.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based facial recognition (FR) models have demonstrated state-of-the-art performance in the past few years, even when wearing protective medical face masks became commonplace during the COVID-19 pandemic. Given the outstanding performance of these models, the machine learning research community has shown increasing interest in challenging their robustness. Initially, researchers presented adversarial attacks in the digital domain, and later the attacks were transferred to the physical domain. However, in many cases, attacks in the physical domain are conspicuous, requiring, for example, the placement of a sticker on the face, and thus may raise suspicion in real-world environments (e.g., airports). In this paper, we propose Adversarial Mask, a physical adversarial universal perturbation (UAP) against state-of-the-art FR models that is applied on face masks in the form of a carefully crafted pattern. In our experiments, we examined the transferability of our adversarial mask to a wide range of FR model architectures and datasets. In addition, we validated our adversarial mask effectiveness in real-world experiments by printing the adversarial pattern on a fabric medical face mask, causing the FR system to identify only 3.34% of the participants wearing the mask (compared to a minimum of 83.34% with other evaluated masks).      
### 63.MaIL: A Unified Mask-Image-Language Trimodal Network for Referring Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10747.pdf)
>  Referring image segmentation is a typical multi-modal task, which aims at generating a binary mask for referent described in given language expressions. Prior arts adopt a bimodal solution, taking images and languages as two modalities within an encoder-fusion-decoder pipeline. However, this pipeline is sub-optimal for the target task for two reasons. First, they only fuse high-level features produced by uni-modal encoders separately, which hinders sufficient cross-modal learning. Second, the uni-modal encoders are pre-trained independently, which brings inconsistency between pre-trained uni-modal tasks and the target multi-modal task. Besides, this pipeline often ignores or makes little use of intuitively beneficial instance-level features. To relieve these problems, we propose MaIL, which is a more concise encoder-decoder pipeline with a Mask-Image-Language trimodal encoder. Specifically, MaIL unifies uni-modal feature extractors and their fusion model into a deep modality interaction encoder, facilitating sufficient feature interaction across different modalities. Meanwhile, MaIL directly avoids the second limitation since no uni-modal encoders are needed anymore. Moreover, for the first time, we propose to introduce instance masks as an additional modality, which explicitly intensifies instance-level features and promotes finer segmentation results. The proposed MaIL set a new state-of-the-art on all frequently-used referring image segmentation datasets, including RefCOCO, RefCOCO+, and G-Ref, with significant gains, 3%-10% against previous best methods. Code will be released soon.      
### 64.3D Visual Tracking Framework with Deep Learning for Asteroid Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10737.pdf)
>  3D visual tracking is significant to deep space exploration programs, which can guarantee spacecraft to flexibly approach the target. In this paper, we focus on the studied accurate and real-time method for 3D tracking. Considering the fact that there are almost no public dataset for this topic, A new large-scale 3D asteroid tracking dataset is presented, including binocular video sequences, depth maps, and point clouds of diverse asteroids with various shapes and textures. Benefitting from the power and convenience of simulation platform, all the 2D and 3D annotations are automatically generated. Meanwhile, we propose a deep-learning based 3D tracking framework, named as Track3D, which involves 2D monocular tracker and a novel light-weight amodal axis-aligned bounding-box network, A3BoxNet. The evaluation results demonstrate that Track3D achieves state-of-the-art 3D tracking performance in both accuracy and precision, comparing to a baseline algorithm. Moreover, our framework has great generalization ability to 2D monocular tracking performance.      
### 65.Self-Supervised Point Cloud Completion via Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10701.pdf)
>  When navigating in urban environments, many of the objects that need to be tracked and avoided are heavily occluded. Planning and tracking using these partial scans can be challenging. The aim of this work is to learn to complete these partial point clouds, giving us a full understanding of the object's geometry using only partial observations. Previous methods achieve this with the help of complete, ground-truth annotations of the target objects, which are available only for simulated datasets. However, such ground truth is unavailable for real-world LiDAR data. In this work, we present a self-supervised point cloud completion algorithm, PointPnCNet, which is trained only on partial scans without assuming access to complete, ground-truth annotations. Our method achieves this via inpainting. We remove a portion of the input data and train the network to complete the missing region. As it is difficult to determine which regions were occluded in the initial cloud and which were synthetically removed, our network learns to complete the full cloud, including the missing regions in the initial partial cloud. We show that our method outperforms previous unsupervised and weakly-supervised methods on both the synthetic dataset, ShapeNet, and real-world LiDAR dataset, Semantic KITTI.      
### 66.Representing Prior Knowledge Using Randomly, Weighted Feature Networks for Visual Relationship Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10686.pdf)
>  The single-hidden-layer Randomly Weighted Feature Network (RWFN) introduced by Hong and Pavlic (2021) was developed as an alternative to neural tensor network approaches for relational learning tasks. Its relatively small footprint combined with the use of two randomized input projections -- an insect-brain-inspired input representation and random Fourier features -- allow it to achieve rich expressiveness for relational learning with relatively low training cost. In particular, when Hong and Pavlic compared RWFN to Logic Tensor Networks (LTNs) for Semantic Image Interpretation (SII) tasks to extract structured semantic descriptions from images, they showed that the RWFN integration of the two hidden, randomized representations better captures relationships among inputs with a faster training process even though it uses far fewer learnable parameters. In this paper, we use RWFNs to perform Visual Relationship Detection (VRD) tasks, which are more challenging SII tasks. A zero-shot learning approach is used with RWFN that can exploit similarities with other seen relationships and background knowledge -- expressed with logical constraints between subjects, relations, and objects -- to achieve the ability to predict triples that do not appear in the training set. The experiments on the Visual Relationship Dataset to compare the performance between RWFNs and LTNs, one of the leading Statistical Relational Learning frameworks, show that RWFNs outperform LTNs for the predicate-detection task while using fewer number of adaptable parameters (1:56 ratio). Furthermore, background knowledge represented by RWFNs can be used to alleviate the incompleteness of training sets even though the space complexity of RWFNs is much smaller than LTNs (1:27 ratio).      
### 67.VideoPose: Estimating 6D object pose from videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10677.pdf)
>  We introduce a simple yet effective algorithm that uses convolutional neural networks to directly estimate object poses from videos. Our approach leverages the temporal information from a video sequence, and is computationally efficient and robust to support robotic and AR domains. Our proposed network takes a pre-trained 2D object detector as input, and aggregates visual features through a recurrent neural network to make predictions at each frame. Experimental evaluation on the YCB-Video dataset show that our approach is on par with the state-of-the-art algorithms. Further, with a speed of 30 fps, it is also more efficient than the state-of-the-art, and therefore applicable to a variety of applications that require real-time object pose estimation.      
### 68.Are Vision Transformers Robust to Patch Perturbations?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10659.pdf)
>  The recent advances in Vision Transformer (ViT) have demonstrated its impressive performance in image classification, which makes it a promising alternative to Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Unlike CNNs, ViT represents an input image as a sequence of image patches. The patch-wise input image representation makes the following question interesting: How does ViT perform when individual input image patches are perturbed with natural corruptions or adversarial perturbations, compared to CNNs? In this work, we study the robustness of vision transformers to patch-wise perturbations. Surprisingly, we find that vision transformers are more robust to naturally corrupted patches than CNNs, whereas they are more vulnerable to adversarial patches. Furthermore, we conduct extensive qualitative and quantitative experiments to understand the robustness to patch perturbations. We have revealed that ViT's stronger robustness to natural corrupted patches and higher vulnerability against adversarial patches are both caused by the attention mechanism. Specifically, the attention model can help improve the robustness of vision transformers by effectively ignoring natural corrupted patches. However, when vision transformers are attacked by an adversary, the attention mechanism can be easily fooled to focus more on the adversarially perturbed patches and cause a mistake.      
### 69.Real-time Human Detection Model for Edge Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10653.pdf)
>  Building a small-sized fast surveillance system model to fit on limited resource devices is a challenging, yet an important task. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have replaced traditional feature extraction and machine learning models in detection and classification tasks. Various complex large CNN models are proposed that achieve significant improvement in the accuracy. Lightweight CNN models have been recently introduced for real-time tasks. This paper suggests a CNN-based lightweight model that can fit on a limited edge device such as Raspberry Pi. Our proposed model provides better performance time, smaller size and comparable accuracy with existing method. The model performance is evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets. It is also compared with existing models in terms of size, average processing time, and F-score. Other enhancements for future research are suggested.      
### 70.Simulated LiDAR Repositioning: a novel point cloud data augmentation method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10650.pdf)
>  We address a data augmentation problem for LiDAR. Given a LiDAR scan of a scene from some position, how can one simulate new scans of that scene from different, secondary positions? The method defines criteria for selecting valid secondary positions, and then estimates which points from the original point cloud would be acquired by a scanner from these positions. We validate the method using synthetic scenes, and examine how the similarity of generated point clouds depends on scanner distance, occlusion, and angular resolution. We show that the method is more accurate at short distances, and that having a high scanner resolution for the original point clouds has a strong impact on the similarity of generated point clouds. We also demonstrate how the method can be applied to natural scene statistics: in particular, we apply our method to reposition the scanner horizontally and vertically, separately consider points belonging to the ground and to non-ground objects, and describe the impact on the distributions of distances to these two classes of points.      
### 71.Identity-Preserving Pose-Robust Face Hallucination Through Face Subspace Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10634.pdf)
>  Over the past few decades, numerous attempts have been made to address the problem of recovering a high-resolution (HR) facial image from its corresponding low-resolution (LR) counterpart, a task commonly referred to as face hallucination. Despite the impressive performance achieved by position-patch and deep learning-based methods, most of these techniques are still unable to recover identity-specific features of faces. The former group of algorithms often produces blurry and oversmoothed outputs particularly in the presence of higher levels of degradation, whereas the latter generates faces which sometimes by no means resemble the individuals in the input images. In this paper, a novel face super-resolution approach will be introduced, in which the hallucinated face is forced to lie in a subspace spanned by the available training faces. Therefore, in contrast to the majority of existing face hallucination techniques and thanks to this face subspace prior, the reconstruction is performed in favor of recovering person-specific facial features, rather than merely increasing image quantitative scores. Furthermore, inspired by recent advances in the area of 3D face reconstruction, an efficient 3D dictionary alignment scheme is also presented, through which the algorithm becomes capable of dealing with low-resolution faces taken in uncontrolled conditions. In extensive experiments carried out on several well-known face datasets, the proposed algorithm shows remarkable performance by generating detailed and close to ground truth results which outperform the state-of-the-art face hallucination algorithms by significant margins both in quantitative and qualitative evaluations.      
### 72.Sparse Tensor-based Multiscale Representation for Point Cloud Geometry Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10633.pdf)
>  This study develops a unified Point Cloud Geometry (PCG) compression method through Sparse Tensor Processing (STP) based multiscale representation of voxelized PCG, dubbed as the SparsePCGC. Applying the STP reduces the complexity significantly because it only performs the convolutions centered at Most-Probable Positively-Occupied Voxels (MP-POV). And the multiscale representation facilitates us to compress scale-wise MP-POVs progressively. The overall compression efficiency highly depends on the approximation accuracy of occupancy probability of each MP-POV. Thus, we design the Sparse Convolution based Neural Networks (SparseCNN) consisting of sparse convolutions and voxel re-sampling to extensively exploit priors. We then develop the SparseCNN based Occupancy Probability Approximation (SOPA) model to estimate the occupancy probability in a single-stage manner only using the cross-scale prior or in multi-stage by step-wisely utilizing autoregressive neighbors. Besides, we also suggest the SparseCNN based Local Neighborhood Embedding (SLNE) to characterize the local spatial variations as the feature attribute to improve the SOPA. Our unified approach shows the state-of-art performance in both lossless and lossy compression modes across a variety of datasets including the dense PCGs (8iVFB, Owlii) and the sparse LiDAR PCGs (KITTI, Ford) when compared with the MPEG G-PCC and other popular learning-based compression schemes. Furthermore, the proposed method presents lightweight complexity due to point-wise computation, and tiny storage desire because of model sharing across all scales. We make all materials publicly accessible at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NJUVISION/SparsePCGC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for reproducible research.      
### 73.FlowVOS: Weakly-Supervised Visual Warping for Detail-Preserving and Temporally Consistent Single-Shot Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10621.pdf)
>  We consider the task of semi-supervised video object segmentation (VOS). Our approach mitigates shortcomings in previous VOS work by addressing detail preservation and temporal consistency using visual warping. In contrast to prior work that uses full optical flow, we introduce a new foreground-targeted visual warping approach that learns flow fields from VOS data. We train a flow module to capture detailed motion between frames using two weakly-supervised losses. Our object-focused approach of warping previous foreground object masks to their positions in the target frame enables detailed mask refinement with fast runtimes without using extra flow supervision. It can also be integrated directly into state-of-the-art segmentation networks. On the DAVIS17 and YouTubeVOS benchmarks, we outperform state-of-the-art offline methods that do not use extra data, as well as many online methods that use extra data. Qualitatively, we also show our approach produces segmentations with high detail and temporal consistency.      
### 74.Extracting Deformation-Aware Local Features by Learning to Deform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10617.pdf)
>  Despite the advances in extracting local features achieved by handcrafted and learning-based descriptors, they are still limited by the lack of invariance to non-rigid transformations. In this paper, we present a new approach to compute features from still images that are robust to non-rigid deformations to circumvent the problem of matching deformable surfaces and objects. Our deformation-aware local descriptor, named DEAL, leverages a polar sampling and a spatial transformer warping to provide invariance to rotation, scale, and image deformations. We train the model architecture end-to-end by applying isometric non-rigid deformations to objects in a simulated environment as guidance to provide highly discriminative local features. The experiments show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art handcrafted, learning-based image, and RGB-D descriptors in different datasets with both real and realistic synthetic deformable objects in still images. The source code and trained model of the descriptor are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.verlab.dcc.ufmg.br/descriptors/neurips2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 75.A photosensor employing data-driven binning for ultrafast image recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10612.pdf)
>  Pixel binning is a technique, widely used in optical image acquisition and spectroscopy, in which adjacent detector elements of an image sensor are combined into larger pixels. This reduces the amount of data to be processed as well as the impact of noise, but comes at the cost of a loss of information. Here, we push the concept of binning to its limit by combining a large fraction of the sensor elements into a single superpixel that extends over the whole face of the chip. For a given pattern recognition task, its optimal shape is determined from training data using a machine learning algorithm. We demonstrate the classification of optically projected images from the MNIST dataset on a nanosecond timescale, with enhanced sensitivity and without loss of classification accuracy. Our concept is not limited to imaging alone but can also be applied in optical spectroscopy or other sensing applications.      
### 76.Exploiting Multi-Scale Fusion, Spatial Attention and Patch Interaction Techniques for Text-Independent Writer Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10605.pdf)
>  Text independent writer identification is a challenging problem that differentiates between different handwriting styles to decide the author of the handwritten text. Earlier writer identification relied on handcrafted features to reveal pieces of differences between writers. Recent work with the advent of convolutional neural network, deep learning-based methods have evolved. In this paper, three different deep learning techniques - spatial attention mechanism, multi-scale feature fusion and patch-based CNN were proposed to effectively capture the difference between each writer's handwriting. Our methods are based on the hypothesis that handwritten text images have specific spatial regions which are more unique to a writer's style, multi-scale features propagate characteristic features with respect to individual writers and patch-based features give more general and robust representations that helps to discriminate handwriting from different writers. The proposed methods outperforms various state-of-the-art methodologies on word-level and page-level writer identification methods on three publicly available datasets - CVL, Firemaker, CERUG-EN datasets and give comparable performance on the IAM dataset.      
### 77.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Device-free Gesture Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10602.pdf)
>  Device free human gesture recognition with Radio Frequency signals has attained acclaim due to the omnipresence, privacy protection, and broad coverage nature of RF signals. However, neural network models trained for recognition with data collected from a specific domain suffer from significant performance degradation when applied to a new domain. To tackle this challenge, we propose an unsupervised domain adaptation framework for device free gesture recognition by making effective use of the unlabeled target domain data. Specifically, we apply pseudo labeling and consistency regularization with elaborated design on target domain data to produce pseudo labels and align instance feature of the target domain. Then, we design two data augmentation methods by randomly erasing the input data to enhance the robustness of the model. Furthermore, we apply a confidence control constraint to tackle the overconfidence problem. We conduct extensive experiments on a public WiFi dataset and a public millimeter wave radar dataset. The experimental results demonstrate the superior effectiveness of the proposed framework.      
### 78.AGA-GAN: Attribute Guided Attention Generative Adversarial Network with U-Net for Face Hallucination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10591.pdf)
>  The performance of facial super-resolution methods relies on their ability to recover facial structures and salient features effectively. Even though the convolutional neural network and generative adversarial network-based methods deliver impressive performances on face hallucination tasks, the ability to use attributes associated with the low-resolution images to improve performance is unsatisfactory. In this paper, we propose an Attribute Guided Attention Generative Adversarial Network which employs novel attribute guided attention (AGA) modules to identify and focus the generation process on various facial features in the image. Stacking multiple AGA modules enables the recovery of both high and low-level facial structures. We design the discriminator to learn discriminative features exploiting the relationship between the high-resolution image and their corresponding facial attribute annotations. We then explore the use of U-Net based architecture to refine existing predictions and synthesize further facial details. Extensive experiments across several metrics show that our AGA-GAN and AGA-GAN+U-Net framework outperforms several other cutting-edge face hallucination state-of-the-art methods. We also demonstrate the viability of our method when every attribute descriptor is not known and thus, establishing its application in real-world scenarios.      
### 79.A Deeper Look into DeepCap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10563.pdf)
>  Human performance capture is a highly important computer vision problem with many applications in movie production and virtual/augmented reality. Many previous performance capture approaches either required expensive multi-view setups or did not recover dense space-time coherent geometry with frame-to-frame correspondences. We propose a novel deep learning approach for monocular dense human performance capture. Our method is trained in a weakly supervised manner based on multi-view supervision completely removing the need for training data with 3D ground truth annotations. The network architecture is based on two separate networks that disentangle the task into a pose estimation and a non-rigid surface deformation step. Extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations show that our approach outperforms the state of the art in terms of quality and robustness. This work is an extended version of DeepCap where we provide more detailed explanations, comparisons and results as well as applications.      
### 80.Teacher-Student Training and Triplet Loss to Reduce the Effect of Drastic Face Occlusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10561.pdf)
>  We study a series of recognition tasks in two realistic scenarios requiring the analysis of faces under strong occlusion. On the one hand, we aim to recognize facial expressions of people wearing Virtual Reality (VR) headsets. On the other hand, we aim to estimate the age and identify the gender of people wearing surgical masks. For all these tasks, the common ground is that half of the face is occluded. In this challenging setting, we show that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) trained on fully-visible faces exhibit very low performance levels. While fine-tuning the deep learning models on occluded faces is extremely useful, we show that additional performance gains can be obtained by distilling knowledge from models trained on fully-visible faces. To this end, we study two knowledge distillation methods, one based on teacher-student training and one based on triplet loss. Our main contribution consists in a novel approach for knowledge distillation based on triplet loss, which generalizes across models and tasks. Furthermore, we consider combining distilled models learned through conventional teacher-student training or through our novel teacher-student training based on triplet loss. We provide empirical evidence showing that, in most cases, both individual and combined knowledge distillation methods bring statistically significant performance improvements. We conduct experiments with three different neural models (VGG-f, VGG-face, ResNet-50) on various tasks (facial expression recognition, gender recognition, age estimation), showing consistent improvements regardless of the model or task.      
### 81.Delving into Rectifiers in Style-Based Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10546.pdf)
>  While modern image translation techniques can create photorealistic synthetic images, they have limited style controllability, thus could suffer from translation errors. In this work, we show that the activation function is one of the crucial components in controlling the direction of image synthesis. Specifically, we explicitly demonstrated that the slope parameters of the rectifier could change the data distribution and be used independently to control the direction of translation. To improve the style controllability, two simple but effective techniques are proposed, including Adaptive ReLU (AdaReLU) and structural adaptive function. The AdaReLU can dynamically adjust the slope parameters according to the target style and can be utilized to increase the controllability by combining with Adaptive Instance Normalization (AdaIN). Meanwhile, the structural adaptative function enables rectifiers to manipulate the structure of feature maps more effectively. It is composed of the proposed structural convolution (StruConv), an efficient convolutional module that can choose the area to be activated based on the mean and variance specified by AdaIN. Extensive experiments show that the proposed techniques can greatly increase the network controllability and output diversity in style-based image translation tasks.      
### 82.Towards Scalable Unpaired Virtual Try-On via Patch-Routed Spatially-Adaptive GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10544.pdf)
>  Image-based virtual try-on is one of the most promising applications of human-centric image generation due to its tremendous real-world potential. Yet, as most try-on approaches fit in-shop garments onto a target person, they require the laborious and restrictive construction of a paired training dataset, severely limiting their scalability. While a few recent works attempt to transfer garments directly from one person to another, alleviating the need to collect paired datasets, their performance is impacted by the lack of paired (supervised) information. In particular, disentangling style and spatial information of the garment becomes a challenge, which existing methods either address by requiring auxiliary data or extensive online optimization procedures, thereby still inhibiting their scalability. To achieve a \emph{scalable} virtual try-on system that can transfer arbitrary garments between a source and a target person in an unsupervised manner, we thus propose a texture-preserving end-to-end network, the PAtch-routed SpaTially-Adaptive GAN (PASTA-GAN), that facilitates real-world unpaired virtual try-on. Specifically, to disentangle the style and spatial information of each garment, PASTA-GAN consists of an innovative patch-routed disentanglement module for successfully retaining garment texture and shape characteristics. Guided by the source person keypoints, the patch-routed disentanglement module first decouples garments into normalized patches, thus eliminating the inherent spatial information of the garment, and then reconstructs the normalized patches to the warped garment complying with the target person pose. Given the warped garment, PASTA-GAN further introduces novel spatially-adaptive residual blocks that guide the generator to synthesize more realistic garment details.      
### 83.Temporal-MPI: Enabling Multi-Plane Images for Dynamic Scene Modelling via Temporal Basis Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10533.pdf)
>  Novel view synthesis of static scenes has achieved remarkable advancements in producing photo-realistic results. However, key challenges remain for immersive rendering for dynamic contents. For example, one of the seminal image-based rendering frameworks, the multi-plane image (MPI) produces high novel-view synthesis quality for static scenes but faces difficulty in modeling dynamic parts. In addition, modeling dynamic variations through MPI may require huge storage space and long inference time, which hinders its application in real-time scenarios. In this paper, we propose a novel Temporal-MPI representation which is able to encode the rich 3D and dynamic variation information throughout the entire video as compact temporal basis. Novel-views at arbitrary time-instance will be able to be rendered real-time with high visual quality due to the highly compact and expressive latent basis and the coefficients jointly learned. We show that given comparable memory consumption, our proposed Temporal-MPI framework is able to generate a time-instance MPI with only 0.002 seconds, which is up to 3000 times faster, with 3dB higher average view-synthesis PSNR as compared with other state-of-the-art dynamic scene modelling frameworks.      
### 84.FAMINet: Learning Real-time Semi-supervised Video Object Segmentation with Steepest Optimized Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10531.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised video object segmentation (VOS) aims to segment a few moving objects in a video sequence, where these objects are specified by annotation of first frame. The optical flow has been considered in many existing semi-supervised VOS methods to improve the segmentation accuracy. However, the optical flow-based semi-supervised VOS methods cannot run in real time due to high complexity of optical flow estimation. A FAMINet, which consists of a feature extraction network (F), an appearance network (A), a motion network (M), and an integration network (I), is proposed in this study to address the abovementioned problem. The appearance network outputs an initial segmentation result based on static appearances of objects. The motion network estimates the optical flow via very few parameters, which are optimized rapidly by an online memorizing algorithm named relaxed steepest descent. The integration network refines the initial segmentation result using the optical flow. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the FAMINet outperforms other state-of-the-art semi-supervised VOS methods on the DAVIS and YouTube-VOS benchmarks, and it achieves a good trade-off between accuracy and efficiency. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liuziyang123/FAMINet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 85.ACR-Pose: Adversarial Canonical Representation Reconstruction Network for Category Level 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10524.pdf)
>  Recently, category-level 6D object pose estimation has achieved significant improvements with the development of reconstructing canonical 3D representations. However, the reconstruction quality of existing methods is still far from excellent. In this paper, we propose a novel Adversarial Canonical Representation Reconstruction Network named ACR-Pose. ACR-Pose consists of a Reconstructor and a Discriminator. The Reconstructor is primarily composed of two novel sub-modules: Pose-Irrelevant Module (PIM) and Relational Reconstruction Module (RRM). PIM tends to learn canonical-related features to make the Reconstructor insensitive to rotation and translation, while RRM explores essential relational information between different input modalities to generate high-quality features. Subsequently, a Discriminator is employed to guide the Reconstructor to generate realistic canonical representations. The Reconstructor and the Discriminator learn to optimize through adversarial training. Experimental results on the prevalent NOCS-CAMERA and NOCS-REAL datasets demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 86.StylePart: Image-based Shape Part Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10520.pdf)
>  Due to a lack of image-based "part controllers", shape manipulation of man-made shape images, such as resizing the backrest of a chair or replacing a cup handle is not intuitive. To tackle this problem, we present StylePart, a framework that enables direct shape manipulation of an image by leveraging generative models of both images and 3D shapes. Our key contribution is a shape-consistent latent mapping function that connects the image generative latent space and the 3D man-made shape attribute latent space. Our method "forwardly maps" the image content to its corresponding 3D shape attributes, where the shape part can be easily manipulated. The attribute codes of the manipulated 3D shape are then "backwardly mapped" to the image latent code to obtain the final manipulated image. We demonstrate our approach through various manipulation tasks, including part replacement, part resizing, and viewpoint manipulation, and evaluate its effectiveness through extensive ablation studies.      
### 87.CamLiFlow: Bidirectional Camera-LiDAR Fusion for Joint Optical Flow and Scene Flow Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10502.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of jointly estimating the optical flow and scene flow from synchronized 2D and 3D data. Previous methods either employ a complex pipeline which splits the joint task into independent stages, or fuse 2D and 3D information in an ``early-fusion'' or ``late-fusion'' manner. Such one-size-fits-all approaches suffer from a dilemma of failing to fully utilize the characteristic of each modality or to maximize the inter-modality complementarity. To address the problem, we propose a novel end-to-end framework, called CamLiFlow. It consists of 2D and 3D branches with multiple bidirectional connections between them in specific layers. Different from previous work, we apply a point-based 3D branch to better extract the geometric features and design a symmetric learnable operator to fuse dense image features and sparse point features. We also propose a transformation for point clouds to solve the non-linear issue of 3D-2D projection. Experiments show that CamLiFlow achieves better performance with fewer parameters. Our method ranks 1st on the KITTI Scene Flow benchmark, outperforming the previous art with 1/7 parameters. Code will be made available.      
### 88.Discrete Representations Strengthen Vision Transformer Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10493.pdf)
>  Vision Transformer (ViT) is emerging as the state-of-the-art architecture for image recognition. While recent studies suggest that ViTs are more robust than their convolutional counterparts, our experiments find that ViTs are overly reliant on local features (e.g., nuisances and texture) and fail to make adequate use of global context (e.g., shape and structure). As a result, ViTs fail to generalize to out-of-distribution, real-world data. To address this deficiency, we present a simple and effective architecture modification to ViT's input layer by adding discrete tokens produced by a vector-quantized encoder. Different from the standard continuous pixel tokens, discrete tokens are invariant under small perturbations and contain less information individually, which promote ViTs to learn global information that is invariant. Experimental results demonstrate that adding discrete representation on four architecture variants strengthens ViT robustness by up to 12% across seven ImageNet robustness benchmarks while maintaining the performance on ImageNet.      
### 89.Zero-Shot Certified Defense against Adversarial Patches with Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10481.pdf)
>  Adversarial patch attack aims to fool a machine learning model by arbitrarily modifying pixels within a restricted region of an input image. Such attacks are a major threat to models deployed in the physical world, as they can be easily realized by presenting a customized object in the camera view. Defending against such attacks is challenging due to the arbitrariness of patches, and existing provable defenses suffer from poor certified accuracy. In this paper, we propose PatchVeto, a zero-shot certified defense against adversarial patches based on Vision Transformer (ViT) models. Rather than training a robust model to resist adversarial patches which may inevitably sacrifice accuracy, PatchVeto reuses a pretrained ViT model without any additional training, which can achieve high accuracy on clean inputs while detecting adversarial patched inputs by simply manipulating the attention map of ViT. Specifically, each input is tested by voting over multiple inferences with different attention masks, where at least one inference is guaranteed to exclude the adversarial patch. The prediction is certifiably robust if all masked inferences reach consensus, which ensures that any adversarial patch would be detected with no false negative. Extensive experiments have shown that PatchVeto is able to achieve high certified accuracy (e.g. 67.1% on ImageNet for 2%-pixel adversarial patches), significantly outperforming state-of-the-art methods. The clean accuracy is the same as vanilla ViT models (81.8% on ImageNet) since the model parameters are directly reused. Meanwhile, our method can flexibly handle different adversarial patch sizes by simply changing the masking strategy.      
### 90.DIVeR: Real-time and Accurate Neural Radiance Fields with Deterministic Integration for Volume Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10427.pdf)
>  DIVeR builds on the key ideas of NeRF and its variants -- density models and volume rendering -- to learn 3D object models that can be rendered realistically from small numbers of images. In contrast to all previous NeRF methods, DIVeR uses deterministic rather than stochastic estimates of the volume rendering integral. DIVeR's representation is a voxel based field of features. To compute the volume rendering integral, a ray is broken into intervals, one per voxel; components of the volume rendering integral are estimated from the features for each interval using an MLP, and the components are aggregated. As a result, DIVeR can render thin translucent structures that are missed by other integrators. Furthermore, DIVeR's representation has semantics that is relatively exposed compared to other such methods -- moving feature vectors around in the voxel space results in natural edits. Extensive qualitative and quantitative comparisons to current state-of-the-art methods show that DIVeR produces models that (1) render at or above state-of-the-art quality, (2) are very small without being baked, (3) render very fast without being baked, and (4) can be edited in natural ways.      
### 91.What Stops Learning-based 3D Registration from Working in the Real World?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10399.pdf)
>  Much progress has been made on the task of learning-based 3D point cloud registration, with existing methods yielding outstanding results on standard benchmarks, such as ModelNet40, even in the partial-to-partial matching scenario. Unfortunately, these methods still struggle in the presence of real data. In this work, we identify the sources of these failures, analyze the reasons behind them, and propose solutions to tackle them. We summarise our findings into a set of guidelines and demonstrate their effectiveness by applying them to different baseline methods, DCP and IDAM. In short, our guidelines improve both their training convergence and testing accuracy. Ultimately, this translates to a best-practice 3D registration network (BPNet), constituting the first learning-based method able to handle previously-unseen objects in real-world data. Despite being trained only on synthetic data, our model generalizes to real data without any fine-tuning, reaching an accuracy of up to 67% on point clouds of unseen objects obtained with a commercial sensor.      
### 92.FAZSeg: A New User-Friendly Software for Quantification of the Foveal Avascular Zone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11419.pdf)
>  Various ocular diseases and high myopia influence the anatomical reference point Foveal Avascular Zone (FAZ) dimensions. Therefore, it is important to segment and quantify the FAZs dimensions accurately. To the best of our knowledge, there is no automated tool or algorithms available to segment the FAZ's deep retinal layer. The paper describes a new open-access software with a user-friendly Graphical User Interface (GUI) and compares the results with the ground truth (manual segmentation).      
### 93.4D iterative reconstruction of brain fMRI in the moving fetus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11394.pdf)
>  Resting-state functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) is a powerful imaging technique for studying functional development of the brain in utero. However, unpredictable and excessive movement of fetuses has limited clinical application since it causes substantial signal fluctuations which can systematically alter observed patterns of functional connectivity. Previous studies have focused on the accurate estimation of the motion parameters in case of large fetal head movement and used a 3D single step interpolation approach at each timepoint to recover motion-free fMRI images. This does not guarantee that the reconstructed image corresponds to the minimum error representation of fMRI time series given the acquired data. Here, we propose a novel technique based on four dimensional iterative reconstruction of the scattered slices acquired during fetal fMRI. The accuracy of the proposed method was quantitatively evaluated on a group of real clinical fMRI fetuses. The results indicate improvements of reconstruction quality compared to the conventional 3D interpolation approach.      
### 94.Automated cross-sectional view selection in CT angiography of aortic dissections with uncertainty awareness and retrospective clinical annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11269.pdf)
>  Objective: Surveillance imaging of chronic aortic diseases, such as dissections, relies on obtaining and comparing cross-sectional diameter measurements at predefined aortic landmarks, over time. Due to a lack of robust tools, the orientation of the cross-sectional planes is defined manually by highly trained operators. We show how manual annotations routinely collected in a clinic can be efficiently used to ease this task, despite the presence of a non-negligible interoperator variability in the measurements. <br>Impact: Ill-posed but repetitive imaging tasks can be eased or automated by leveraging imperfect, retrospective clinical annotations. <br>Methodology: In this work, we combine convolutional neural networks and uncertainty quantification methods to predict the orientation of such cross-sectional planes. We use clinical data randomly processed by 11 operators for training, and test on a smaller set processed by 3 independent operators to assess interoperator variability. <br>Results: Our analysis shows that manual selection of cross-sectional planes is characterized by 95% limits of agreement (LOA) of $10.6^\circ$ and $21.4^\circ$ per angle. Our method showed to decrease static error by $3.57^\circ$ ($40.2$%) and $4.11^\circ$ ($32.8$%) against state of the art and LOA by $5.4^\circ$ ($49.0$%) and $16.0^\circ$ ($74.6$%) against manual processing. <br>Conclusion: This suggests that pre-existing annotations can be an inexpensive resource in clinics to ease ill-posed and repetitive tasks like cross-section extraction for surveillance of aortic dissections.      
### 95.Nanorobot queue: Cooperative treatment of cancer based on team member communication and image processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11236.pdf)
>  Although nanorobots have been used as clinical prescriptions for work such as gastroscopy, and even photoacoustic tomography technology has been proposed to control nanorobots to deliver drugs at designated delivery points in real time, and there are cases of eliminating "superbacteria" in blood through nanorobots, most technologies are immature, either with low efficiency or low accuracy, Either it can not be mass produced, so the most effective way to treat cancer diseases at this stage is through chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Patients are suffering and can not be cured. Therefore, this paper proposes an ideal model of a treatment method that can completely cure cancer, a cooperative treatment method based on nano robot queue through team member communication and computer vision image classification (target detection).      
### 96.Deep Learning Based Automated COVID-19 Classification from Computed Tomography Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11191.pdf)
>  The paper presents a Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) model for image classification, aiming at increasing predictive performance for COVID-19 diagnosis while avoiding deeper and thus more complex alternatives. The proposed model includes four similar convolutional layers followed by a flattening and two dense layers. This work proposes a less complex solution based on simply classifying 2D CT-Scan slices of images using their pixels via a 2D CNN model. Despite the simplicity in architecture, the proposed model showed improved quantitative results exceeding state-of-the-art on the same dataset of images, in terms of the macro f1 score. In this case study, extracting features from images, segmenting parts of the images, or other more complex techniques, ultimately aiming at images classification, do not yield better results. With that, this paper introduces a simple yet powerful deep learning based solution for automated COVID-19 classification.      
### 97.Talk-to-Resolve: Combining scene understanding and spatial dialogue to resolve granular task ambiguity for a collocated robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11099.pdf)
>  The utility of collocating robots largely depends on the easy and intuitive interaction mechanism with the human. If a robot accepts task instruction in natural language, first, it has to understand the user's intention by decoding the instruction. However, while executing the task, the robot may face unforeseeable circumstances due to the variations in the observed scene and therefore requires further user intervention. In this article, we present a system called Talk-to-Resolve (TTR) that enables a robot to initiate a coherent dialogue exchange with the instructor by observing the scene visually to resolve the impasse. Through dialogue, it either finds a cue to move forward in the original plan, an acceptable alternative to the original plan, or affirmation to abort the task altogether. To realize the possible stalemate, we utilize the dense captions of the observed scene and the given instruction jointly to compute the robot's next action. We evaluate our system based on a data set of initial instruction and situational scene pairs. Our system can identify the stalemate and resolve them with appropriate dialogue exchange with 82% accuracy. Additionally, a user study reveals that the questions from our systems are more natural (4.02 on average on a scale of 1 to 5) as compared to a state-of-the-art (3.08 on average).      
### 98.Backdoor Attack through Frequency Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10991.pdf)
>  Backdoor attacks have been shown to be a serious threat against deep learning systems such as biometric authentication and autonomous driving. An effective backdoor attack could enforce the model misbehave under certain predefined conditions, i.e., triggers, but behave normally otherwise. However, the triggers of existing attacks are directly injected in the pixel space, which tend to be detectable by existing defenses and visually identifiable at both training and inference stages. In this paper, we propose a new backdoor attack FTROJAN through trojaning the frequency domain. The key intuition is that triggering perturbations in the frequency domain correspond to small pixel-wise perturbations dispersed across the entire image, breaking the underlying assumptions of existing defenses and making the poisoning images visually indistinguishable from clean ones. We evaluate FTROJAN in several datasets and tasks showing that it achieves a high attack success rate without significantly degrading the prediction accuracy on benign inputs. Moreover, the poisoning images are nearly invisible and retain high perceptual quality. We also evaluate FTROJAN against state-of-the-art defenses as well as several adaptive defenses that are designed on the frequency domain. The results show that FTROJAN can robustly elude or significantly degenerate the performance of these defenses.      
### 99.Local-Selective Feature Distillation for Single Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10988.pdf)
>  Recent improvements in convolutional neural network (CNN)-based single image super-resolution (SISR) methods rely heavily on fabricating network architectures, rather than finding a suitable training algorithm other than simply minimizing the regression loss. Adapting knowledge distillation (KD) can open a way for bringing further improvement for SISR, and it is also beneficial in terms of model efficiency. KD is a model compression method that improves the performance of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) without using additional parameters for testing. It is getting the limelight recently for its competence at providing a better capacity-performance tradeoff. In this paper, we propose a novel feature distillation (FD) method which is suitable for SISR. We show the limitations of the existing FitNet-based FD method that it suffers in the SISR task, and propose to modify the existing FD algorithm to focus on local feature information. In addition, we propose a teacher-student-difference-based soft feature attention method that selectively focuses on specific pixel locations to extract feature information. We call our method local-selective feature distillation (LSFD) and verify that our method outperforms conventional FD methods in SISR problems.      
### 100.Adaptive Transfer Learning: a simple but effective transfer learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10937.pdf)
>  Transfer learning (TL) leverages previously obtained knowledge to learn new tasks efficiently and has been used to train deep learning (DL) models with limited amount of data. When TL is applied to DL, pretrained (teacher) models are fine-tuned to build domain specific (student) models. This fine-tuning relies on the fact that DL model can be decomposed to classifiers and feature extractors, and a line of studies showed that the same feature extractors can be used to train classifiers on multiple tasks. Furthermore, recent studies proposed multiple algorithms that can fine-tune teacher models' feature extractors to train student models more efficiently. We note that regardless of the fine-tuning of feature extractors, the classifiers of student models are trained with final outputs of feature extractors (i.e., the outputs of penultimate layers). However, a recent study suggested that feature maps in ResNets across layers could be functionally equivalent, raising the possibility that feature maps inside the feature extractors can also be used to train student models' classifiers. Inspired by this study, we tested if feature maps in the hidden layers of the teacher models can be used to improve the student models' accuracy (i.e., TL's efficiency). Specifically, we developed 'adaptive transfer learning (ATL)', which can choose an optimal set of feature maps for TL, and tested it in the few-shot learning setting. Our empirical evaluations suggest that ATL can help DL models learn more efficiently, especially when available examples are limited.      
### 101.Deep Image Prior using Stein's Unbiased Risk Estimator: SURE-DIP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10892.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms that rely on extensive training data are revolutionizing image recovery from ill-posed measurements. Training data is scarce in many imaging applications, including ultra-high-resolution imaging. The deep image prior (DIP) algorithm was introduced for single-shot image recovery, completely eliminating the need for training data. A challenge with this scheme is the need for early stopping to minimize the overfitting of the CNN parameters to the noise in the measurements. We introduce a generalized Stein's unbiased risk estimate (GSURE) loss metric to minimize the overfitting. Our experiments show that the SURE-DIP approach minimizes the overfitting issues, thus offering significantly improved performance over classical DIP schemes. We also use the SURE-DIP approach with model-based unrolling architectures, which offers improved performance over direct inversion schemes.      
### 102.Joint alignment and reconstruction of multislice dynamic MRI using variational manifold learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10889.pdf)
>  Free-breathing cardiac MRI schemes are emerging as competitive alternatives to breath-held cine MRI protocols, enabling applicability to pediatric and other population groups that cannot hold their breath. Because the data from the slices are acquired sequentially, the cardiac/respiratory motion patterns may be different for each slice; current free-breathing approaches perform independent recovery of each slice. In addition to not being able to exploit the inter-slice redundancies, manual intervention or sophisticated post-processing methods are needed to align the images post-recovery for quantification. To overcome these challenges, we propose an unsupervised variational deep manifold learning scheme for the joint alignment and reconstruction of multislice dynamic MRI. The proposed scheme jointly learns the parameters of the deep network as well as the latent vectors for each slice, which capture the motion-induced dynamic variations, from the k-t space data of the specific subject. The variational framework minimizes the non-uniqueness in the representation, thus offering improved alignment and reconstructions.      
### 103.Dynamic imaging using motion-compensated smoothness regularization on manifolds (MoCo-SToRM)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10887.pdf)
>  We introduce an unsupervised deep manifold learning algorithm for motion-compensated dynamic MRI. We assume that the motion fields in a free-breathing lung MRI dataset live on a manifold. The motion field at each time instant is modeled as the output of a deep generative model, driven by low-dimensional time-varying latent vectors that capture the temporal variability. The images at each time instant are modeled as the deformed version of an image template using the above motion fields. The template, the parameters of the deep generator, and the latent vectors are learned from the k-t space data in an unsupervised fashion. The manifold motion model serves as a regularizer, making the joint estimation of the motion fields and images from few radial spokes/frame well-posed. The utility of the algorithm is demonstrated in the context of motion-compensated high-resolution lung MRI.      
### 104.Domain Generalization for Mammography Detection via Multi-style and Multi-view Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10827.pdf)
>  Lesion detection is a fundamental problem in the computer-aided diagnosis scheme for mammography. The advance of deep learning techniques have made a remarkable progress for this task, provided that the training data are large and sufficiently diverse in terms of image style and quality. In particular, the diversity of image style may be majorly attributed to the vendor factor. However, the collection of mammograms from vendors as many as possible is very expensive and sometimes impractical for laboratory-scale studies. Accordingly, to further augment the generalization capability of deep learning model to various vendors with limited resources, a new contrastive learning scheme is developed. Specifically, the backbone network is firstly trained with a multi-style and multi-view unsupervised self-learning scheme for the embedding of invariant features to various vendor-styles. Afterward, the backbone network is then recalibrated to the downstream task of lesion detection with the specific supervised learning. The proposed method is evaluated with mammograms from four vendors and one unseen public dataset. The experimental results suggest that our approach can effectively improve detection performance on both seen and unseen domains, and outperforms many state-of-the-art (SOTA) generalization methods.      
### 105.Structure-Preserving Graph Kernel for Brain Network Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10803.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel graph-based kernel learning approach for connectome analysis. Specifically, we demonstrate how to leverage the naturally available structure within the graph representation to encode prior knowledge in the kernel. We first proposed a matrix factorization to directly extract structural features from natural symmetric graph representations of connectome data. We then used them to derive a structure-persevering graph kernel to be fed into the support vector machine. The proposed approach has the advantage of being clinically interpretable. Quantitative evaluations on challenging HIV disease classification (DTI- and fMRI-derived connectome data) and emotion recognition (EEG-derived connectome data) tasks demonstrate the superior performance of our proposed methods against the state-of-the-art. Results showed that relevant EEG-connectome information is primarily encoded in the alpha band during the emotion regulation task.      
### 106.FreqNet: A Frequency-domain Image Super-Resolution Network with Dicrete Cosine Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10800.pdf)
>  Single image super-resolution(SISR) is an ill-posed problem that aims to obtain high-resolution (HR) output from low-resolution (LR) input, during which extra high-frequency information is supposed to be added to improve the perceptual quality. Existing SISR works mainly operate in the spatial domain by minimizing the mean squared reconstruction error. Despite the high peak signal-to-noise ratios(PSNR) results, it is difficult to determine whether the model correctly adds desired high-frequency details. Some residual-based structures are proposed to guide the model to focus on high-frequency features implicitly. However, how to verify the fidelity of those artificial details remains a problem since the interpretation from spatial-domain metrics is limited. In this paper, we propose FreqNet, an intuitive pipeline from the frequency domain perspective, to solve this problem. Inspired by existing frequency-domain works, we convert images into discrete cosine transform (DCT) blocks, then reform them to obtain the DCT feature maps, which serve as the input and target of our model. A specialized pipeline is designed, and we further propose a frequency loss function to fit the nature of our frequency-domain task. Our SISR method in the frequency domain can learn the high-frequency information explicitly, provide fidelity and good perceptual quality for the SR images. We further observe that our model can be merged with other spatial super-resolution models to enhance the quality of their original SR output.      
### 107.DuDoTrans: Dual-Domain Transformer Provides More Attention for Sinogram Restoration in Sparse-View CT Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10790.pdf)
>  While Computed Tomography (CT) reconstruction from X-ray sinograms is necessary for clinical diagnosis, iodine radiation in the imaging process induces irreversible injury, thereby driving researchers to study sparse-view CT reconstruction, that is, recovering a high-quality CT image from a sparse set of sinogram views. Iterative models are proposed to alleviate the appeared artifacts in sparse-view CT images, but the computation cost is too expensive. Then deep-learning-based methods have gained prevalence due to the excellent performances and lower computation. However, these methods ignore the mismatch between the CNN's \textbf{local} feature extraction capability and the sinogram's \textbf{global} characteristics. To overcome the problem, we propose \textbf{Du}al-\textbf{Do}main \textbf{Trans}former (\textbf{DuDoTrans}) to simultaneously restore informative sinograms via the long-range dependency modeling capability of Transformer and reconstruct CT image with both the enhanced and raw sinograms. With such a novel design, reconstruction performance on the NIH-AAPM dataset and COVID-19 dataset experimentally confirms the effectiveness and generalizability of DuDoTrans with fewer involved parameters. Extensive experiments also demonstrate its robustness with different noise-level scenarios for sparse-view CT reconstruction. The code and models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DuDoTrans/CODE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 108.One-shot Weakly-Supervised Segmentation in Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10773.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks usually require accurate and a large number of annotations to achieve outstanding performance in medical image segmentation. One-shot segmentation and weakly-supervised learning are promising research directions that lower labeling effort by learning a new class from only one annotated image and utilizing coarse labels instead, respectively. Previous works usually fail to leverage the anatomical structure and suffer from class imbalance and low contrast problems. Hence, we present an innovative framework for 3D medical image segmentation with one-shot and weakly-supervised settings. Firstly a propagation-reconstruction network is proposed to project scribbles from annotated volume to unlabeled 3D images based on the assumption that anatomical patterns in different human bodies are similar. Then a dual-level feature denoising module is designed to refine the scribbles based on anatomical- and pixel-level features. After expanding the scribbles to pseudo masks, we could train a segmentation model for the new class with the noisy label training strategy. Experiments on one abdomen and one head-and-neck CT dataset show the proposed method obtains significant improvement over the state-of-the-art methods and performs robustly even under severe class imbalance and low contrast.      
### 109.Distributed Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning with Fused Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10763.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) enables distributed clients to learn a shared model for prediction while keeping the training data local on each client. However, existing FL requires fully-labeled data for training, which is inconvenient or sometimes infeasible to obtain due to the high labeling cost and the requirement of expertise. The lack of labels makes FL impractical in many realistic settings. Self-supervised learning can address this challenge by learning from unlabeled data such that FL can be widely used. Contrastive learning (CL), a self-supervised learning approach, can effectively learn data representations from unlabeled data. However, the distributed data collected on clients are usually not independent and identically distributed (non-IID) among clients, and each client may only have few classes of data, which degrades the performance of CL and learned representations. To tackle this problem, we propose a federated contrastive learning framework consisting of two approaches: feature fusion and neighborhood matching, by which a unified feature space among clients is learned for better data representations. Feature fusion provides remote features as accurate contrastive information to each client for better local learning. Neighborhood matching further aligns each client's local features to the remote features such that well-clustered features among clients can be learned. Extensive experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed framework. It outperforms other methods by 11\% on IID data and matches the performance of centralized learning.      
### 110.COVID-19 Detection through Deep Feature Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10762.pdf)
>  The SARS-CoV2 virus has caused a lot of tribulation to the human population. Predictive modeling that can accurately determine whether a person is infected with COVID-19 is imperative. The study proposes a novel approach that utilizes deep feature extraction technique, pre-trained ResNet50 acting as the backbone of the network, combined with Logistic Regression as the head model. The proposed model has been trained on Kaggle COVID-19 Radiography Dataset. The proposed model achieves a cross-validation accuracy of 100% on the COVID-19 and Normal X-Ray image classes. Similarly, when tested on combined three classes, the proposed model achieves 98.84% accuracy.      
### 111.TraVLR: Now You See It, Now You Don't! Evaluating Cross-Modal Transfer of Visio-Linguistic Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10756.pdf)
>  Numerous visio-linguistic (V+L) representation learning methods have been developed, yet existing datasets do not evaluate the extent to which they represent visual and linguistic concepts in a unified space. Inspired by the crosslingual transfer and psycholinguistics literature, we propose a novel evaluation setting for V+L models: zero-shot cross-modal transfer. Existing V+L benchmarks also often report global accuracy scores on the entire dataset, rendering it difficult to pinpoint the specific reasoning tasks that models fail and succeed at. To address this issue and enable the evaluation of cross-modal transfer, we present TraVLR, a synthetic dataset comprising four V+L reasoning tasks. Each example encodes the scene bimodally such that either modality can be dropped during training/testing with no loss of relevant information. TraVLR's training and testing distributions are also constrained along task-relevant dimensions, enabling the evaluation of out-of-distribution generalisation. We evaluate four state-of-the-art V+L models and find that although they perform well on the test set from the same modality, all models fail to transfer cross-modally and have limited success accommodating the addition or deletion of one modality. In alignment with prior work, we also find these models to require large amounts of data to learn simple spatial relationships. We release TraVLR as an open challenge for the research community.      
### 112.A Pseudo-Inverse for Nonlinear Operators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10755.pdf)
>  The Moore-Penrose inverse is widely used in physics, statistics and various fields of engineering. Among other characteristics, it captures well the notion of inversion of linear operators in the case of overcomplete data. In data science, nonlinear operators are extensively used. In this paper we define and characterize the fundamental properties of a pseudo-inverse for nonlinear operators. <br>The concept is defined broadly. First for general sets, and then a refinement for normed spaces. Our pseudo-inverse for normed spaces yields the Moore-Penrose inverse when the operator is a matrix. We present conditions for existence and uniqueness of a pseudo-inverse and establish theoretical results investigating its properties, such as continuity, its value for operator compositions and projection operators, and others. Analytic expressions are given for the pseudo-inverse of some well-known, non-invertible, nonlinear operators, such as hard- or soft-thresholding and ReLU. Finally, we analyze a neural layer and discuss relations to wavelet thresholding and to regularized loss minimization.      
### 113.Stochastic Variance Reduced Ensemble Adversarial Attack for Boosting the Adversarial Transferability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10752.pdf)
>  The black-box adversarial attack has attracted impressive attention for its practical use in the field of deep learning security, meanwhile, it is very challenging as there is no access to the network architecture or internal weights of the target model. Based on the hypothesis that if an example remains adversarial for multiple models, then it is more likely to transfer the attack capability to other models, the ensemble-based adversarial attack methods are efficient and widely used for black-box attacks. However, ways of ensemble attack are rather less investigated, and existing ensemble attacks simply fuse the outputs of all the models evenly. In this work, we treat the iterative ensemble attack as a stochastic gradient descent optimization process, in which the variance of the gradients on different models may lead to poor local optima. To this end, we propose a novel attack method called the stochastic variance reduced ensemble (SVRE) attack, which could reduce the gradient variance of the ensemble models and take full advantage of the ensemble attack. Empirical results on the standard ImageNet dataset demonstrate that the proposed method could boost the adversarial transferability and outperforms existing ensemble attacks significantly.      
### 114.Deep Probability Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10734.pdf)
>  Reliable probability estimation is of crucial importance in many real-world applications where there is inherent uncertainty, such as weather forecasting, medical prognosis, or collision avoidance in autonomous vehicles. Probability-estimation models are trained on observed outcomes (e.g. whether it has rained or not, or whether a patient has died or not), because the ground-truth probabilities of the events of interest are typically unknown. The problem is therefore analogous to binary classification, with the important difference that the objective is to estimate probabilities rather than predicting the specific outcome. The goal of this work is to investigate probability estimation from high-dimensional data using deep neural networks. There exist several methods to improve the probabilities generated by these models but they mostly focus on classification problems where the probabilities are related to model uncertainty. In the case of problems with inherent uncertainty, it is challenging to evaluate performance without access to ground-truth probabilities. To address this, we build a synthetic dataset to study and compare different computable metrics. We evaluate existing methods on the synthetic data as well as on three real-world probability estimation tasks, all of which involve inherent uncertainty: precipitation forecasting from radar images, predicting cancer patient survival from histopathology images, and predicting car crashes from dashcam videos. Finally, we also propose a new method for probability estimation using neural networks, which modifies the training process to promote output probabilities that are consistent with empirical probabilities computed from the data. The method outperforms existing approaches on most metrics on the simulated as well as real-world data.      
### 115.A Review on The Division of Magnetic Resonant Prostate Images with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10683.pdf)
>  Deep learning; it is often used in dividing processes on images in the biomedical field. In recent years, it has been observed that there is an increase in the division procedures performed on prostate images using deep learning compared to other methods of image division. Looking at the literature; It is seen that the process of dividing prostate images, which are carried out with deep learning, is an important step for the diagnosis and treatment of prostate cancer. For this reason, in this study; to be a source for future splitting operations; deep learning splitting procedures on prostate images obtained from magnetic resonance (MRI) imaging devices were examined.      
### 116.SPINE: Soft Piecewise Interpretable Neural Equations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10622.pdf)
>  Relu Fully Connected Networks are ubiquitous but uninterpretable because they fit piecewise linear functions emerging from multi-layered structures and complex interactions of model weights. This paper takes a novel approach to piecewise fits by using set operations on individual pieces(parts). This is done by approximating canonical normal forms and using the resultant as a model. This gives special advantages like (a)strong correspondence of parameters to pieces of the fit function(High Interpretability); (b)ability to fit any combination of continuous functions as pieces of the piecewise function(Ease of Design); (c)ability to add new non-linearities in a targeted region of the domain(Targeted Learning); (d)simplicity of an equation which avoids layering. It can also be expressed in the general max-min representation of piecewise linear functions which gives theoretical ease and credibility. This architecture is tested on simulated regression and classification tasks and benchmark datasets including UCI datasets, MNIST, FMNIST, and CIFAR 10. This performance is on par with fully connected architectures. It can find a variety of applications where fully connected layers must be replaced by interpretable layers.      
### 117.Medical Knowledge-Guided Deep Learning for Imbalanced Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10620.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have gained remarkable performance on a variety of image classification tasks. However, many models suffer from limited performance in clinical or medical settings when data are imbalanced. To address this challenge, we propose a medical-knowledge-guided one-class classification approach that leverages domain-specific knowledge of classification tasks to boost the model's performance. The rationale behind our approach is that some existing prior medical knowledge can be incorporated into data-driven deep learning to facilitate model learning. We design a deep learning-based one-class classification pipeline for imbalanced image classification, and demonstrate in three use cases how we take advantage of medical knowledge of each specific classification task by generating additional middle classes to achieve higher classification performances. We evaluate our approach on three different clinical image classification tasks (a total of 8459 images) and show superior model performance when compared to six state-of-the-art methods. All codes of this work will be publicly available upon acceptance of the paper.      
### 118.PAANet: Progressive Alternating Attention for Automatic Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10618.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation can provide detailed information for clinical analysis which can be useful for scenarios where the detailed location of a finding is important. Knowing the location of disease can play a vital role in treatment and decision-making. Convolutional neural network (CNN) based encoder-decoder techniques have advanced the performance of automated medical image segmentation systems. Several such CNN-based methodologies utilize techniques such as spatial- and channel-wise attention to enhance performance. Another technique that has drawn attention in recent years is residual dense blocks (RDBs). The successive convolutional layers in densely connected blocks are capable of extracting diverse features with varied receptive fields and thus, enhancing performance. However, consecutive stacked convolutional operators may not necessarily generate features that facilitate the identification of the target structures. In this paper, we propose a progressive alternating attention network (PAANet). We develop progressive alternating attention dense (PAAD) blocks, which construct a guiding attention map (GAM) after every convolutional layer in the dense blocks using features from all scales. The GAM allows the following layers in the dense blocks to focus on the spatial locations relevant to the target region. Every alternate PAAD block inverts the GAM to generate a reverse attention map which guides ensuing layers to extract boundary and edge-related information, refining the segmentation process. Our experiments on three different biomedical image segmentation datasets exhibit that our PAANet achieves favourable performance when compared to other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 119.GMSRF-Net: An improved generalizability with global multi-scale residual fusion network for polyp segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10614.pdf)
>  Colonoscopy is a gold standard procedure but is highly operator-dependent. Efforts have been made to automate the detection and segmentation of polyps, a precancerous precursor, to effectively minimize missed rate. Widely used computer-aided polyp segmentation systems actuated by encoder-decoder have achieved high performance in terms of accuracy. However, polyp segmentation datasets collected from varied centers can follow different imaging protocols leading to difference in data distribution. As a result, most methods suffer from performance drop and require re-training for each specific dataset. We address this generalizability issue by proposing a global multi-scale residual fusion network (GMSRF-Net). Our proposed network maintains high-resolution representations while performing multi-scale fusion operations for all resolution scales. To further leverage scale information, we design cross multi-scale attention (CMSA) and multi-scale feature selection (MSFS) modules within the GMSRF-Net. The repeated fusion operations gated by CMSA and MSFS demonstrate improved generalizability of the network. Experiments conducted on two different polyp segmentation datasets show that our proposed GMSRF-Net outperforms the previous top-performing state-of-the-art method by 8.34% and 10.31% on unseen CVC-ClinicDB and unseen Kvasir-SEG, in terms of dice coefficient.      
### 120.Constrained Deep One-Class Feature Learning For Classifying Imbalanced Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10610.pdf)
>  Medical image data are usually imbalanced across different classes. One-class classification has attracted increasing attention to address the data imbalance problem by distinguishing the samples of the minority class from the majority class. Previous methods generally aim to either learn a new feature space to map training samples together or to fit training samples by autoencoder-like models. These methods mainly focus on capturing either compact or descriptive features, where the information of the samples of a given one class is not sufficiently utilized. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning-based method to learn compact features by adding constraints on the bottleneck features, and to preserve descriptive features by training an autoencoder at the same time. Through jointly optimizing the constraining loss and the autoencoder's reconstruction loss, our method can learn more relevant features associated with the given class, making the majority and minority samples more distinguishable. Experimental results on three clinical datasets (including the MRI breast images, FFDM breast images and chest X-ray images) obtains state-of-art performance compared to previous methods.      
### 121.TransMorph: Transformer for unsupervised medical image registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10480.pdf)
>  In the last decade, convolutional neural networks (ConvNets) have dominated the field of medical image analysis. However, it is found that the performances of ConvNets may still be limited by their inability to model long-range spatial relations between voxels in an image. Numerous vision Transformers have been proposed recently to address the shortcomings of ConvNets, demonstrating state-of-the-art performances in many medical imaging applications. Transformers may be a strong candidate for image registration because their self-attention mechanism enables a more precise comprehension of the spatial correspondence between moving and fixed images. In this paper, we present TransMorph, a hybrid Transformer-ConvNet model for volumetric medical image registration. We also introduce three variants of TransMorph, with two diffeomorphic variants ensuring the topology-preserving deformations and a Bayesian variant producing a well-calibrated registration uncertainty estimate. The proposed models are extensively validated against a variety of existing registration methods and Transformer architectures using volumetric medical images from two applications: inter-patient brain MRI registration and phantom-to-CT registration. Qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate that TransMorph and its variants lead to a substantial performance improvement over the baseline methods, demonstrating the effectiveness of Transformers for medical image registration.      
### 122.Evaluation of automated airway morphological quantification for assessing fibrosing lung disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10443.pdf)
>  Abnormal airway dilatation, termed traction bronchiectasis, is a typical feature of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). Volumetric computed tomography (CT) imaging captures the loss of normal airway tapering in IPF. We postulated that automated quantification of airway abnormalities could provide estimates of IPF disease extent and severity. We propose AirQuant, an automated computational pipeline that systematically parcellates the airway tree into its lobes and generational branches from a deep learning based airway segmentation, deriving airway structural measures from chest CT. Importantly, AirQuant prevents the occurrence of spurious airway branches by thick wave propagation and removes loops in the airway-tree by graph search, overcoming limitations of existing airway skeletonisation algorithms. Tapering between airway segments (intertapering) and airway tortuosity computed by AirQuant were compared between 14 healthy participants and 14 IPF patients. Airway intertapering was significantly reduced in IPF patients, and airway tortuosity was significantly increased when compared to healthy controls. Differences were most marked in the lower lobes, conforming to the typical distribution of IPF-related damage. AirQuant is an open-source pipeline that avoids limitations of existing airway quantification algorithms and has clinical interpretability. Automated airway measurements may have potential as novel imaging biomarkers of IPF severity and disease extent.      
### 123.Diabetic Foot Ulcer Grand Challenge 2021: Evaluation and Summary  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10376.pdf)
>  Diabetic foot ulcer classification systems use the presence of wound infection (bacteria present within the wound) and ischaemia (restricted blood supply) as vital clinical indicators for treatment and prediction of wound healing. Studies investigating the use of automated computerised methods of classifying infection and ischaemia within diabetic foot wounds are limited due to a paucity of publicly available datasets and severe data imbalance in those few that exist. The Diabetic Foot Ulcer Challenge 2021 provided participants with a more substantial dataset comprising a total of 15,683 diabetic foot ulcer patches, with 5,955 used for training, 5,734 used for testing and an additional 3,994 unlabelled patches to promote the development of semi-supervised and weakly-supervised deep learning techniques. This paper provides an evaluation of the methods used in the Diabetic Foot Ulcer Challenge 2021, and summarises the results obtained from each network. The best performing network was an ensemble of the results of the top 3 models, with a macro-average F1-score of 0.6307.      
### 124.Urine Microscopic Image Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10374.pdf)
>  Urinalysis is a standard diagnostic test to detect urinary system related problems. The automation of urinalysis will reduce the overall diagnostic time. Recent studies used urine microscopic datasets for designing deep learning based algorithms to classify and detect urine cells. But these datasets are not publicly available for further research. To alleviate the need for urine datsets, we prepare our urine sediment microscopic image (UMID) dataset comprising of around 3700 cell annotations and 3 categories of cells namely RBC, pus and epithelial cells. We discuss the several challenges involved in preparing the dataset and the annotations. We make the dataset publicly available.      
### 125.Resistance-Time Co-Modulated PointNet for Temporal Super-Resolution Simulation of Blood Vessel Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10372.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel deep learning framework is proposed for temporal super-resolution simulation of blood vessel flows, in which a high-temporal-resolution time-varying blood vessel flow simulation is generated from a low-temporal-resolution flow simulation result. In our framework, point-cloud is used to represent the complex blood vessel model, resistance-time aided PointNet model is proposed for extracting the time-space features of the time-varying flow field, and finally we can reconstruct the high-accuracy and high-resolution flow field through the Decoder module. In particular, the amplitude loss and the orientation loss of the velocity are proposed from the vector characteristics of the velocity. And the combination of these two metrics constitutes the final loss function for network training. Several examples are given to illustrate the effective and efficiency of the proposed framework for temporal super-resolution simulation of blood vessel flows.      
### 126.ColDE: A Depth Estimation Framework for Colonoscopy Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.10371.pdf)
>  One of the key elements of reconstructing a 3D mesh from a monocular video is generating every frame's depth map. However, in the application of colonoscopy video reconstruction, producing good-quality depth estimation is challenging. Neural networks can be easily fooled by photometric distractions or fail to capture the complex shape of the colon surface, predicting defective shapes that result in broken meshes. Aiming to fundamentally improve the depth estimation quality for colonoscopy 3D reconstruction, in this work we have designed a set of training losses to deal with the special challenges of colonoscopy data. For better training, a set of geometric consistency objectives was developed, using both depth and surface normal information. Also, the classic photometric loss was extended with feature matching to compensate for illumination noise. With the training losses powerful enough, our self-supervised framework named ColDE is able to produce better depth maps of colonoscopy data as compared to the previous work utilizing prior depth knowledge. Used in reconstruction, our network is able to reconstruct good-quality colon meshes in real-time without any post-processing, making it the first to be clinically applicable.      
