# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 3 Nov 2021
### 1.PatchGame: Learning to Signal Mid-level Patches in Referential Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01785.pdf)
>  We study a referential game (a type of signaling game) where two agents communicate with each other via a discrete bottleneck to achieve a common goal. In our referential game, the goal of the speaker is to compose a message or a symbolic representation of "important" image patches, while the task for the listener is to match the speaker's message to a different view of the same image. We show that it is indeed possible for the two agents to develop a communication protocol without explicit or implicit supervision. We further investigate the developed protocol and show the applications in speeding up recent Vision Transformers by using only important patches, and as pre-training for downstream recognition tasks (e.g., classification). Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kampta/PatchGame" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Personalized One-Shot Lipreading for an ALS Patient  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01740.pdf)
>  Lipreading or visually recognizing speech from the mouth movements of a speaker is a challenging and mentally taxing task. Unfortunately, multiple medical conditions force people to depend on this skill in their day-to-day lives for essential communication. Patients suffering from Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) often lose muscle control, consequently their ability to generate speech and communicate via lip movements. Existing large datasets do not focus on medical patients or curate personalized vocabulary relevant to an individual. Collecting a large-scale dataset of a patient, needed to train mod-ern data-hungry deep learning models is, however, extremely challenging. In this work, we propose a personalized network to lipread an ALS patient using only one-shot examples. We depend on synthetically generated lip movements to augment the one-shot scenario. A Variational Encoder based domain adaptation technique is used to bridge the real-synthetic domain gap. Our approach significantly improves and achieves high top-5accuracy with 83.2% accuracy compared to 62.6% achieved by comparable methods for the patient. Apart from evaluating our approach on the ALS patient, we also extend it to people with hearing impairment relying extensively on lip movements to communicate.      
### 3.CPSeg: Cluster-free Panoptic Segmentation of 3D LiDAR Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01723.pdf)
>  A fast and accurate panoptic segmentation system for LiDAR point clouds is crucial for autonomous driving vehicles to understand the surrounding objects and scenes. Existing approaches usually rely on proposals or clustering to segment foreground instances. As a result, they struggle to achieve real-time performance. In this paper, we propose a novel real-time end-to-end panoptic segmentation network for LiDAR point clouds, called CPSeg. In particular, CPSeg comprises a shared encoder, a dual decoder, a task-aware attention module (TAM) and a cluster-free instance segmentation head. TAM is designed to enforce these two decoders to learn rich task-aware features for semantic and instance embedding. Moreover, CPSeg incorporates a new cluster-free instance segmentation head to dynamically pillarize foreground points according to the learned embedding. Then, it acquires instance labels by finding connected pillars with a pairwise embedding comparison. Thus, the conventional proposal-based or clustering-based instance segmentation is transformed into a binary segmentation problem on the pairwise embedding comparison matrix. To help the network regress instance embedding, a fast and deterministic depth completion algorithm is proposed to calculate surface normal of each point cloud in real-time. The proposed method is benchmarked on two large-scale autonomous driving datasets, namely, SemanticKITTI and nuScenes. Notably, extensive experimental results show that CPSeg achieves the state-of-the-art results among real-time approaches on both datasets.      
### 4.MixFace: Improving Face Verification Focusing on Fine-grained Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01717.pdf)
>  The performance of face recognition has become saturated for public benchmark datasets such as LFW, CFP-FP, and AgeDB, owing to the rapid advances in CNNs. However, the effects of faces with various fine-grained conditions on FR models have not been investigated because of the absence of such datasets. This paper analyzes their effects in terms of different conditions and loss functions using K-FACE, a recently introduced FR dataset with fine-grained conditions. We propose a novel loss function, MixFace, that combines classification and metric losses. The superiority of MixFace in terms of effectiveness and robustness is demonstrated experimentally on various benchmark datasets.      
### 5.Absolute distance prediction based on deep learning object detection and monocular depth estimation models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01715.pdf)
>  Determining the distance between the objects in a scene and the camera sensor from 2D images is feasible by estimating depth images using stereo cameras or 3D cameras. The outcome of depth estimation is relative distances that can be used to calculate absolute distances to be applicable in reality. However, distance estimation is very challenging using 2D monocular cameras. This paper presents a deep learning framework that consists of two deep networks for depth estimation and object detection using a single image. Firstly, objects in the scene are detected and localized using the You Only Look Once (YOLOv5) network. In parallel, the estimated depth image is computed using a deep autoencoder network to detect the relative distances. The proposed object detection based YOLO was trained using a supervised learning technique, in turn, the network of depth estimation was self-supervised training. The presented distance estimation framework was evaluated on real images of outdoor scenes. The achieved results show that the proposed framework is promising and it yields an accuracy of 96% with RMSE of 0.203 of the correct absolute distance.      
### 6.Rethinking the Knowledge Distillation From the Perspective of Model Calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01684.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed dramatically improvements in the knowledge distillation, which can generate a compact student model for better efficiency while retaining the model effectiveness of the teacher model. Previous studies find that: more accurate teachers do not necessary make for better teachers due to the mismatch of abilities. In this paper, we aim to analysis the phenomenon from the perspective of model calibration. We found that the larger teacher model may be too over-confident, thus the student model cannot effectively imitate. While, after the simple model calibration of the teacher model, the size of the teacher model has a positive correlation with the performance of the student model.      
### 7.Using Synthetic Images To Uncover Population Biases In Facial Landmarks Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01683.pdf)
>  In order to analyze a trained model performance and identify its weak spots, one has to set aside a portion of the data for testing. The test set has to be large enough to detect statistically significant biases with respect to all the relevant sub-groups in the target population. This requirement may be difficult to satisfy, especially in data-hungry applications. We propose to overcome this difficulty by generating synthetic test set. We use the face landmarks detection task to validate our proposal by showing that all the biases observed on real datasets are also seen on a carefully designed synthetic dataset. This shows that synthetic test sets can efficiently detect a model's weak spots and overcome limitations of real test set in terms of quantity and/or diversity.      
### 8.Saliency detection with moving camera via background model completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01681.pdf)
>  To detect saliency in video is a fundamental step in many computer vision systems. Saliency is the significant target(s) in the video. The object of interest is further analyzed for high-level applications. The segregation of saliency and the background can be made if they exhibit different visual cues. Therefore, saliency detection is often formulated as background subtraction. However, saliency detection is challenging. For instance, dynamic background can result in false positive errors. In another scenario, camouflage will lead to false negative errors. With moving camera, the captured scenes are even more complicated to handle. We propose a new framework, called saliency detection via background model completion (SD-BMC), that comprises of a background modeler and the deep learning background/foreground segmentation network. The background modeler generates an initial clean background image from a short image sequence. Based on the idea of video completion, a good background frame can be synthesized with the co-existence of changing background and moving objects. We adopt the background/foreground segmenter, although pre-trained with a specific video dataset, can also detect saliency in unseen videos. The background modeler can adjust the background image dynamically when the background/foreground segmenter output deteriorates during processing of a long video. To the best of our knowledge, our framework is the first one to adopt video completion for background modeling and saliency detection in videos captured by moving camera. The results, obtained from the PTZ videos, show that our proposed framework outperforms some deep learning-based background subtraction models by 11% or more. With more challenging videos, our framework also outperforms many high ranking background subtraction methods by more than 3%.      
### 9.Top1 Solution of QQ Browser 2021 Ai Algorithm Competition Track 1 : Multimodal Video Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01677.pdf)
>  In this paper, we describe the solution to the QQ Browser 2021 Ai Algorithm Competition (AIAC) Track 1. We use the multi-modal transformer model for the video embedding extraction. In the pretrain phase, we train the model with three tasks, (1) Video Tag Classification (VTC), (2) Mask Language Modeling (MLM) and (3) Mask Frame Modeling (MFM). In the finetune phase, we train the model with video similarity based on rank normalized human labels. Our full pipeline, after ensembling several models, scores 0.852 on the leaderboard, which we achieved the 1st place in the competition. The source codes have been released at Github.      
### 10.Relational Self-Attention: What's Missing in Attention for Video Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01673.pdf)
>  Convolution has been arguably the most important feature transform for modern neural networks, leading to the advance of deep learning. Recent emergence of Transformer networks, which replace convolution layers with self-attention blocks, has revealed the limitation of stationary convolution kernels and opened the door to the era of dynamic feature transforms. The existing dynamic transforms, including self-attention, however, are all limited for video understanding where correspondence relations in space and time, i.e., motion information, are crucial for effective representation. In this work, we introduce a relational feature transform, dubbed the relational self-attention (RSA), that leverages rich structures of spatio-temporal relations in videos by dynamically generating relational kernels and aggregating relational contexts. Our experiments and ablation studies show that the RSA network substantially outperforms convolution and self-attention counterparts, achieving the state of the art on the standard motion-centric benchmarks for video action recognition, such as Something-Something-V1 &amp; V2, Diving48, and FineGym.      
### 11.Human Attention in Fine-grained Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01628.pdf)
>  The way humans attend to, process and classify a given image has the potential to vastly benefit the performance of deep learning models. Exploiting where humans are focusing can rectify models when they are deviating from essential features for correct decisions. To validate that human attention contains valuable information for decision-making processes such as fine-grained classification, we compare human attention and model explanations in discovering important features. Towards this goal, we collect human gaze data for the fine-grained classification dataset CUB and build a dataset named CUB-GHA (Gaze-based Human Attention). Furthermore, we propose the Gaze Augmentation Training (GAT) and Knowledge Fusion Network (KFN) to integrate human gaze knowledge into classification models. We implement our proposals in CUB-GHA and the recently released medical dataset CXR-Eye of chest X-ray images, which includes gaze data collected from a radiologist. Our result reveals that integrating human attention knowledge benefits classification effectively, e.g. improving the baseline by 4.38% on CXR. Hence, our work provides not only valuable insights into understanding human attention in fine-grained classification, but also contributes to future research in integrating human gaze with computer vision tasks. CUB-GHA and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yaorong0921/CUB-GHA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.A Tri-attention Fusion Guided Multi-modal Segmentation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01623.pdf)
>  In the field of multimodal segmentation, the correlation between different modalities can be considered for improving the segmentation results. Considering the correlation between different MR modalities, in this paper, we propose a multi-modality segmentation network guided by a novel tri-attention fusion. Our network includes N model-independent encoding paths with N image sources, a tri-attention fusion block, a dual-attention fusion block, and a decoding path. The model independent encoding paths can capture modality-specific features from the N modalities. Considering that not all the features extracted from the encoders are useful for segmentation, we propose to use dual attention based fusion to re-weight the features along the modality and space paths, which can suppress less informative features and emphasize the useful ones for each modality at different positions. Since there exists a strong correlation between different modalities, based on the dual attention fusion block, we propose a correlation attention module to form the tri-attention fusion block. In the correlation attention module, a correlation description block is first used to learn the correlation between modalities and then a constraint based on the correlation is used to guide the network to learn the latent correlated features which are more relevant for segmentation. Finally, the obtained fused feature representation is projected by the decoder to obtain the segmentation results. Our experiment results tested on BraTS 2018 dataset for brain tumor segmentation demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 13.StyleGAN of All Trades: Image Manipulation with Only Pretrained StyleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01619.pdf)
>  Recently, StyleGAN has enabled various image manipulation and editing tasks thanks to the high-quality generation and the disentangled latent space. However, additional architectures or task-specific training paradigms are usually required for different tasks. In this work, we take a deeper look at the spatial properties of StyleGAN. We show that with a pretrained StyleGAN along with some operations, without any additional architecture, we can perform comparably to the state-of-the-art methods on various tasks, including image blending, panorama generation, generation from a single image, controllable and local multimodal image to image translation, and attributes transfer. The proposed method is simple, effective, efficient, and applicable to any existing pretrained StyleGAN model.      
### 14.PolyTrack: Tracking with Bounding Polygons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01606.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel method called PolyTrack for fast multi-object tracking and segmentation using bounding polygons. Polytrack detects objects by producing heatmaps of their center keypoint. For each of them, a rough segmentation is done by computing a bounding polygon over each instance instead of the traditional bounding box. Tracking is done by taking two consecutive frames as input and computing a center offset for each object detected in the first frame to predict its location in the second frame. A Kalman filter is also applied to reduce the number of ID switches. Since our target application is automated driving systems, we apply our method on urban environment videos. We trained and evaluated PolyTrack on the MOTS and KITTIMOTS datasets. Results show that tracking polygons can be a good alternative to bounding box and mask tracking. The code of PolyTrack is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gafaua/PolyTrack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.A Critical Study on the Recent Deep Learning Based Semi-Supervised Video Anomaly Detection Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01604.pdf)
>  Video anomaly detection is one of the hot research topics in computer vision nowadays, as abnormal events contain a high amount of information. Anomalies are one of the main detection targets in surveillance systems, usually needing real-time actions. Regarding the availability of labeled data for training (i.e., there is not enough labeled data for abnormalities), semi-supervised anomaly detection approaches have gained interest recently. This paper introduces the researchers of the field to a new perspective and reviews the recent deep-learning based semi-supervised video anomaly detection approaches, based on a common strategy they use for anomaly detection. Our goal is to help researchers develop more effective video anomaly detection methods. As the selection of a right Deep Neural Network plays an important role for several parts of this task, a quick comparative review on DNNs is prepared first. Unlike previous surveys, DNNs are reviewed from a spatiotemporal feature extraction viewpoint, customized for video anomaly detection. This part of the review can help researchers in this field select suitable networks for different parts of their methods. Moreover, some of the state-of-the-art anomaly detection methods, based on their detection strategy, are critically surveyed. The review provides a novel and deep look at existing methods and results in stating the shortcomings of these approaches, which can be a hint for future works.      
### 16.Estimating 3D Motion and Forces of Human-Object Interactions from Internet Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01591.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a method to automatically reconstruct the 3D motion of a person interacting with an object from a single RGB video. Our method estimates the 3D poses of the person together with the object pose, the contact positions and the contact forces exerted on the human body. The main contributions of this work are three-fold. First, we introduce an approach to jointly estimate the motion and the actuation forces of the person on the manipulated object by modeling contacts and the dynamics of the interactions. This is cast as a large-scale trajectory optimization problem. Second, we develop a method to automatically recognize from the input video the 2D position and timing of contacts between the person and the object or the ground, thereby significantly simplifying the complexity of the optimization. Third, we validate our approach on a recent video+MoCap dataset capturing typical parkour actions, and demonstrate its performance on a new dataset of Internet videos showing people manipulating a variety of tools in unconstrained environments.      
### 17.Detect-and-Segment: a Deep Learning Approach to Automate Wound Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01590.pdf)
>  Chronic wounds significantly impact quality of life. If not properly managed, they can severely deteriorate. Image-based wound analysis could aid in objectively assessing the wound status by quantifying important features that are related to healing. However, the high heterogeneity of the wound types, image background composition, and capturing conditions challenge the robust segmentation of wound images. We present Detect-and-Segment (DS), a deep learning approach to produce wound segmentation maps with high generalization capabilities. In our approach, dedicated deep neural networks detected the wound position, isolated the wound from the uninformative background, and computed the wound segmentation map. We evaluated this approach using one data set with images of diabetic foot ulcers. For further testing, 4 supplemental independent data sets with larger variety of wound types from different body locations were used. The Matthews' correlation coefficient (MCC) improved from 0.29 when computing the segmentation on the full image to 0.85 when combining detection and segmentation in the same approach. When tested on the wound images drawn from the supplemental data sets, the DS approach increased the mean MCC from 0.17 to 0.85. Furthermore, the DS approach enabled the training of segmentation models with up to 90% less training data while maintaining the segmentation performance.      
### 18.HHP-Net: A light Heteroscedastic neural network for Head Pose estimation with uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01440.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce a novel method to estimate the head pose of people in single images starting from a small set of head keypoints. To this purpose, we propose a regression model that exploits keypoints computed automatically by 2D pose estimation algorithms and outputs the head pose represented by yaw, pitch, and roll. Our model is simple to implement and more efficient with respect to the state of the art -- faster in inference and smaller in terms of memory occupancy -- with comparable accuracy. Our method also provides a measure of the heteroscedastic uncertainties associated with the three angles, through an appropriately designed loss function; we show there is a correlation between error and uncertainty values, thus this extra source of information may be used in subsequent computational steps. As an example application, we address social interaction analysis in images: we propose an algorithm for a quantitative estimation of the level of interaction between people, starting from their head poses and reasoning on their mutual positions. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cantarinigiorgio/HHP-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.A Pixel-Level Meta-Learner for Weakly Supervised Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01418.pdf)
>  Few-shot semantic segmentation addresses the learning task in which only few images with ground truth pixel-level labels are available for the novel classes of interest. One is typically required to collect a large mount of data (i.e., base classes) with such ground truth information, followed by meta-learning strategies to address the above learning task. When only image-level semantic labels can be observed during both training and testing, it is considered as an even more challenging task of weakly supervised few-shot semantic segmentation. To address this problem, we propose a novel meta-learning framework, which predicts pseudo pixel-level segmentation masks from a limited amount of data and their semantic labels. More importantly, our learning scheme further exploits the produced pixel-level information for query image inputs with segmentation guarantees. Thus, our proposed learning model can be viewed as a pixel-level meta-learner. Through extensive experiments on benchmark datasets, we show that our model achieves satisfactory performances under fully supervised settings, yet performs favorably against state-of-the-art methods under weakly supervised settings.      
### 20.Boundary Distribution Estimation to Precise Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01396.pdf)
>  In principal modern detectors, the task of object localization is implemented by the box subnet which concentrates on bounding box regression. The box subnet customarily predicts the position of the object by regressing box center position and scaling factors. Although this approach is frequently adopted, we observe that the result of localization remains defective, which makes the performance of the detector unsatisfactory. In this paper, we prove the flaws in the previous method through theoretical analysis and experimental verification and propose a novel solution to detect objects precisely. Rather than plainly focusing on center and size, our approach refines the edges of the bounding box on previous localization results by estimating the distribution at the boundary of the object. Experimental results have shown the potentiality and generalization of our proposed method.      
### 21.Can Vision Transformers Perform Convolution?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01353.pdf)
>  Several recent studies have demonstrated that attention-based networks, such as Vision Transformer (ViT), can outperform Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) on several computer vision tasks without using convolutional layers. This naturally leads to the following questions: Can a self-attention layer of ViT express any convolution operation? In this work, we prove that a single ViT layer with image patches as the input can perform any convolution operation constructively, where the multi-head attention mechanism and the relative positional encoding play essential roles. We further provide a lower bound on the number of heads for Vision Transformers to express CNNs. Corresponding with our analysis, experimental results show that the construction in our proof can help inject convolutional bias into Transformers and significantly improve the performance of ViT in low data regimes.      
### 22.Attribute-Based Deep Periocular Recognition: Leveraging Soft Biometrics to Improve Periocular Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01325.pdf)
>  In recent years, periocular recognition has been developed as a valuable biometric identification approach, especially in wild environments (for example, masked faces due to COVID-19 pandemic) where facial recognition may not be applicable. This paper presents a new deep periocular recognition framework called attribute-based deep periocular recognition (ADPR), which predicts soft biometrics and incorporates the prediction into a periocular recognition algorithm to determine identity from periocular images with high accuracy. We propose an end-to-end framework, which uses several shared convolutional neural network (CNN)layers (a common network) whose output feeds two separate dedicated branches (modality dedicated layers); the first branch classifies periocular images while the second branch predicts softn biometrics. Next, the features from these two branches are fused together for a final periocular recognition. The proposed method is different from existing methods as it not only uses a shared CNN feature space to train these two tasks jointly, but it also fuses predicted soft biometric features with the periocular features in the training step to improve the overall periocular recognition performance. Our proposed model is extensively evaluated using four different publicly available datasets. Experimental results indicate that our soft biometric based periocular recognition approach outperforms other state-of-the-art methods for periocular recognition in wild environments.      
### 23.Exploring the Semi-supervised Video Object Segmentation Problem from a Cyclic Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01323.pdf)
>  Modern video object segmentation (VOS) algorithms have achieved remarkably high performance in a sequential processing order, while most of currently prevailing pipelines still show some obvious inadequacy like accumulative error, unknown robustness or lack of proper interpretation tools. In this paper, we place the semi-supervised video object segmentation problem into a cyclic workflow and find the defects above can be collectively addressed via the inherent cyclic property of semi-supervised VOS systems. Firstly, a cyclic mechanism incorporated to the standard sequential flow can produce more consistent representations for pixel-wise correspondance. Relying on the accurate reference mask in the starting frame, we show that the error propagation problem can be mitigated. Next, a simple gradient correction module, which naturally extends the offline cyclic pipeline to an online manner, can highlight the high-frequent and detailed part of results to further improve the segmentation quality while keeping feasible computation cost. Meanwhile such correction can protect the network from severe performance degration resulted from interference signals. Finally we develop cycle effective receptive field (cycle-ERF) based on gradient correction process to provide a new perspective into analyzing object-specific regions of interests. We conduct comprehensive comparison and detailed analysis on challenging benchmarks of DAVIS16, DAVIS17 and Youtube-VOS, demonstrating that the cyclic mechanism is helpful to enhance segmentation quality, improve the robustness of VOS systems, and further provide qualitative comparison and interpretation on how different VOS algorithms work. The code of this project can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lyxok1/STM-Training" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 24.Masking Modalities for Cross-modal Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01300.pdf)
>  Pre-training on large scale unlabelled datasets has shown impressive performance improvements in the fields of computer vision and natural language processing. Given the advent of large-scale instructional video datasets, a common strategy for pre-training video encoders is to use the accompanying speech as weak supervision. However, as speech is used to supervise the pre-training, it is never seen by the video encoder, which does not learn to process that modality. We address this drawback of current pre-training methods, which fail to exploit the rich cues in spoken language. Our proposal is to pre-train a video encoder using all the available video modalities as supervision, namely, appearance, sound, and transcribed speech. We mask an entire modality in the input and predict it using the other two modalities. This encourages each modality to collaborate with the others, and our video encoder learns to process appearance and audio as well as speech. We show the superior performance of our "modality masking" pre-training approach for video retrieval on the How2R, YouCook2 and Condensed Movies datasets.      
### 25.Joint Detection of Motion Boundaries and Occlusions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01261.pdf)
>  We propose MONet, a convolutional neural network that jointly detects motion boundaries (MBs) and occlusion regions (Occs) in video both forward and backward in time. Detection is difficult because optical flow is discontinuous along MBs and undefined in Occs, while many flow estimators assume smoothness and a flow defined everywhere. To reason in the two time directions simultaneously, we direct-warp the estimated maps between the two frames. Since appearance mismatches between frames often signal vicinity to MBs or Occs, we construct a cost block that for each feature in one frame records the lowest discrepancy with matching features in a search range. This cost block is two-dimensional, and much less expensive than the four-dimensional cost volumes used in flow analysis. Cost-block features are computed by an encoder, and MB and Occ estimates are computed by a decoder. We found that arranging decoder layers fine-to-coarse, rather than coarse-to-fine, improves performance. MONet outperforms the prior state of the art for both tasks on the Sintel and FlyingChairsOcc benchmarks without any fine-tuning on them.      
### 26.Neural Scene Flow Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01253.pdf)
>  Before the deep learning revolution, many perception algorithms were based on runtime optimization in conjunction with a strong prior/regularization penalty. A prime example of this in computer vision is optical and scene flow. Supervised learning has largely displaced the need for explicit regularization. Instead, they rely on large amounts of labeled data to capture prior statistics, which are not always readily available for many problems. Although optimization is employed to learn the neural network, the weights of this network are frozen at runtime. As a result, these learning solutions are domain-specific and do not generalize well to other statistically different scenarios. This paper revisits the scene flow problem that relies predominantly on runtime optimization and strong regularization. A central innovation here is the inclusion of a neural scene flow prior, which uses the architecture of neural networks as a new type of implicit regularizer. Unlike learning-based scene flow methods, optimization occurs at runtime, and our approach needs no offline datasets -- making it ideal for deployment in new environments such as autonomous driving. We show that an architecture based exclusively on multilayer perceptrons (MLPs) can be used as a scene flow prior. Our method attains competitive -- if not better -- results on scene flow benchmarks. Also, our neural prior's implicit and continuous scene flow representation allows us to estimate dense long-term correspondences across a sequence of point clouds. The dense motion information is represented by scene flow fields where points can be propagated through time by integrating motion vectors. We demonstrate such a capability by accumulating a sequence of lidar point clouds.      
### 27.HRViT: Multi-Scale High-Resolution Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01236.pdf)
>  Vision transformers (ViTs) have attracted much attention for their superior performance on computer vision tasks. To address their limitations of single-scale low-resolution representations, prior work adapts ViTs to high-resolution dense prediction tasks with hierarchical architectures to generate pyramid features. However, multi-scale representation learning is still under-explored on ViTs, given their classification-like sequential topology. To enhance ViTs with more capability to learn semantically-rich and spatially-precise multi-scale representations, in this work, we present an efficient integration of high-resolution multi-branch architectures with vision transformers, dubbed HRViT, pushing the Pareto front of dense prediction tasks to a new level. We explore heterogeneous branch design, reduce the redundancy in linear layers, and augment the model nonlinearity to balance the model performance and hardware efficiency. The proposed HRViT achieves 50.20% mIoU on ADE20K and 83.16% mIoU on Cityscapes for semantic segmentation tasks, surpassing state-of-the-art MiT and CSWin with an average of +1.78 mIoU improvement, 28% parameter reduction, and 21% FLOPs reduction, demonstrating the potential of HRViT as strong vision backbones.      
### 28.Gradient Frequency Modulation for Visually Explaining Video Understanding Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01215.pdf)
>  In many applications, it is essential to understand why a machine learning model makes the decisions it does, but this is inhibited by the black-box nature of state-of-the-art neural networks. Because of this, increasing attention has been paid to explainability in deep learning, including in the area of video understanding. Due to the temporal dimension of video data, the main challenge of explaining a video action recognition model is to produce spatiotemporally consistent visual explanations, which has been ignored in the existing literature. In this paper, we propose Frequency-based Extremal Perturbation (F-EP) to explain a video understanding model's decisions. Because the explanations given by perturbation methods are noisy and non-smooth both spatially and temporally, we propose to modulate the frequencies of gradient maps from the neural network model with a Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT). We show in a range of experiments that F-EP provides more spatiotemporally consistent explanations that more faithfully represent the model's decisions compared to the existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 29.Increasing Liquid State Machine Performance with Edge-of-Chaos Dynamics Organized by Astrocyte-modulated Plasticity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01760.pdf)
>  The liquid state machine (LSM) combines low training complexity and biological plausibility, which has made it an attractive machine learning framework for edge and neuromorphic computing paradigms. Originally proposed as a model of brain computation, the LSM tunes its internal weights without backpropagation of gradients, which results in lower performance compared to multi-layer neural networks. Recent findings in neuroscience suggest that astrocytes, a long-neglected non-neuronal brain cell, modulate synaptic plasticity and brain dynamics, tuning brain networks to the vicinity of the computationally optimal critical phase transition between order and chaos. Inspired by this disruptive understanding of how brain networks self-tune, we propose the neuron-astrocyte liquid state machine (NALSM) that addresses under-performance through self-organized near-critical dynamics. Similar to its biological counterpart, the astrocyte model integrates neuronal activity and provides global feedback to spike-timing-dependent plasticity (STDP), which self-organizes NALSM dynamics around a critical branching factor that is associated with the edge-of-chaos. We demonstrate that NALSM achieves state-of-the-art accuracy versus comparable LSM methods, without the need for data-specific hand-tuning. With a top accuracy of 97.61% on MNIST, 97.51% on N-MNIST, and 85.84% on Fashion-MNIST, NALSM achieved comparable performance to current fully-connected multi-layer spiking neural networks trained via backpropagation. Our findings suggest that the further development of brain-inspired machine learning methods has the potential to reach the performance of deep learning, with the added benefits of supporting robust and energy-efficient neuromorphic computing on the edge.      
### 30.LogAvgExp Provides a Principled and Performant Global Pooling Operator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01742.pdf)
>  We seek to improve the pooling operation in neural networks, by applying a more theoretically justified operator. We demonstrate that LogSumExp provides a natural OR operator for logits. When one corrects for the number of elements inside the pooling operator, this becomes $\text{LogAvgExp} := \log(\text{mean}(\exp(x)))$. By introducing a single temperature parameter, LogAvgExp smoothly transitions from the max of its operands to the mean (found at the limiting cases $t \to 0^+$ and $t \to +\infty$). We experimentally tested LogAvgExp, both with and without a learnable temperature parameter, in a variety of deep neural network architectures for computer vision.      
### 31.Meta-Learning the Search Distribution of Black-Box Random Search Based Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01714.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks based on randomized search schemes have obtained state-of-the-art results in black-box robustness evaluation recently. However, as we demonstrate in this work, their efficiency in different query budget regimes depends on manual design and heuristic tuning of the underlying proposal distributions. We study how this issue can be addressed by adapting the proposal distribution online based on the information obtained during the attack. We consider Square Attack, which is a state-of-the-art score-based black-box attack, and demonstrate how its performance can be improved by a learned controller that adjusts the parameters of the proposal distribution online during the attack. We train the controller using gradient-based end-to-end training on a CIFAR10 model with white box access. We demonstrate that plugging the learned controller into the attack consistently improves its black-box robustness estimate in different query regimes by up to 20% for a wide range of different models with black-box access. We further show that the learned adaptation principle transfers well to the other data distributions such as CIFAR100 or ImageNet and to the targeted attack setting.      
### 32.Progressive observation of Covid-19 vaccination effects on skin-cellular structures by use of Intelligent Laser Speckle Classification (ILSC)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01682.pdf)
>  We have made a progressive observation of Covid-19 Astra Zeneca Vaccination effect on Skin cellular network and properties by use of well established Intelligent Laser Speckle Classification (ILSC) image based technique and managed to distinguish between three different subjects groups via their laser speckle skin image samplings such as early-vaccinated, late-vaccinated and non-vaccinated individuals. The results have proven that the ILSC technique in association with the optimised Bayesian network is capable of classifying skin changes of vaccinated and non-vaccinated individuals and also of detecting progressive development made on skin cellular properties for a month period.      
### 33.Minimizing Energy Consumption Leads to the Emergence of Gaits in Legged Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01674.pdf)
>  Legged locomotion is commonly studied and expressed as a discrete set of gait patterns, like walk, trot, gallop, which are usually treated as given and pre-programmed in legged robots for efficient locomotion at different speeds. However, fixing a set of pre-programmed gaits limits the generality of locomotion. Recent animal motor studies show that these conventional gaits are only prevalent in ideal flat terrain conditions while real-world locomotion is unstructured and more like bouts of intermittent steps. What principles could lead to both structured and unstructured patterns across mammals and how to synthesize them in robots? In this work, we take an analysis-by-synthesis approach and learn to move by minimizing mechanical energy. We demonstrate that learning to minimize energy consumption plays a key role in the emergence of natural locomotion gaits at different speeds in real quadruped robots. The emergent gaits are structured in ideal terrains and look similar to that of horses and sheep. The same approach leads to unstructured gaits in rough terrains which is consistent with the findings in animal motor control. We validate our hypothesis in both simulation and real hardware across natural terrains. Videos at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://energy-locomotion.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 34.Explainable Medical Image Segmentation via Generative Adversarial Networks and Layer-wise Relevance Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01665.pdf)
>  This paper contributes to automating medical image segmentation by proposing generative adversarial network-based models to segment both polyps and instruments in endoscopy images. A major contribution of this work is to provide explanations for the predictions using a layer-wise relevance propagation approach designating which input image pixels are relevant to the predictions and to what extent. On the polyp segmentation task, the models achieved 0.84 of accuracy and 0.46 on Jaccard index. On the instrument segmentation task, the models achieved 0.96 of accuracy and 0.70 on Jaccard index. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Awadelrahman/MedAI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.Trajectory Prediction with Graph-based Dual-scale Context Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01592.pdf)
>  Motion prediction for traffic participants is essential for a safe and robust automated driving system, especially in cluttered urban environments. However, it is highly challenging due to the complex road topology as well as the uncertain intentions of the other agents. In this paper, we present a graph-based trajectory prediction network named the Dual Scale Predictor (DSP), which encodes both the static and dynamical driving context in a hierarchical manner. Different from methods based on a rasterized map or sparse lane graph, we consider the driving context as a graph with two layers, focusing on both geometrical and topological features. Graph neural networks (GNNs) are applied to extract features with different levels of granularity, and features are subsequently aggregated with attention-based inter-layer networks, realizing better local-global feature fusion. Following the recent goal-driven trajectory prediction pipeline, goal candidates with high likelihood for the target agent are extracted, and predicted trajectories are generated conditioned on these goals. Thanks to the proposed dual-scale context fusion network, our DSP is able to generate accurate and human-like multi-modal trajectories. We evaluate the proposed method on the large-scale Argoverse motion forecasting benchmark, and it achieves promising results, outperforming the recent state-of-the-art methods.      
### 36.Fitness Landscape Footprint: A Framework to Compare Neural Architecture Search Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01584.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search is a promising area of research dedicated to automating the design of neural network models. This field is rapidly growing, with a surge of methodologies ranging from Bayesian optimization,neuroevoltion, to differentiable search, and applications in various contexts. However, despite all great advances, few studies have presented insights on the difficulty of the problem itself, thus the success (or fail) of these methodologies remains unexplained. In this sense, the field of optimization has developed methods that highlight key aspects to describe optimization problems. The fitness landscape analysis stands out when it comes to characterize reliably and quantitatively search algorithms. In this paper, we propose to use fitness landscape analysis to study a neural architecture search problem. Particularly, we introduce the fitness landscape footprint, an aggregation of eight (8)general-purpose metrics to synthesize the landscape of an architecture search problem. We studied two problems, the classical image classification benchmark CIFAR-10, and the Remote-Sensing problem So2Sat LCZ42. The results present a quantitative appraisal of the problems, allowing to characterize the relative difficulty and other characteristics, such as the ruggedness or the persistence, that helps to tailor a search strategy to the problem. Also, the footprint is a tool that enables the comparison of multiple problems.      
### 37.Sub-cortical structure segmentation database for young population  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01561.pdf)
>  Segmentation of sub-cortical structures from MRI scans is of interest in many neurological diagnosis. Since this is a laborious task machine learning and specifically deep learning (DL) methods have become explored. The structural complexity of the brain demands a large, high quality segmentation dataset to develop good DL-based solutions for sub-cortical structure segmentation. Towards this, we are releasing a set of 114, 1.5 Tesla, T1 MRI scans with manual delineations for 14 sub-cortical structures. The scans in the dataset were acquired from healthy young (21-30 years) subjects ( 58 male and 56 female) and all the structures are manually delineated by experienced radiology experts. Segmentation experiments have been conducted with this dataset and results demonstrate that accurate results can be obtained with deep-learning methods.      
### 38.PointNu-Net: Simultaneous Multi-tissue Histology Nuclei Segmentation and Classification in the Clinical Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01557.pdf)
>  Automatic nuclei segmentation and classification plays a vital role in digital pathology. However, previous works are mostly built on data with limited diversity and small sizes, making the results questionable or misleading in actual downstream tasks. In this paper, we aim to build a reliable and robust method capable of dealing with data from the 'the clinical wild'. Specifically, we study and design a new method to simultaneously detect, segment, and classify nuclei from Haematoxylin and Eosin (H&amp;E) stained histopathology data, and evaluate our approach using the recent largest dataset: PanNuke. We address the detection and classification of each nuclei as a novel semantic keypoint estimation problem to determine the center point of each nuclei. Next, the corresponding class-agnostic masks for nuclei center points are obtained using dynamic instance segmentation. By decoupling two simultaneous challenging tasks, our method can benefit from class-aware detection and class-agnostic segmentation, thus leading to a significant performance boost. We demonstrate the superior performance of our proposed approach for nuclei segmentation and classification across 19 different tissue types, delivering new benchmark results.      
### 39.Accounting for Dependencies in Deep Learning Based Multiple Instance Learning for Whole Slide Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01556.pdf)
>  Multiple instance learning (MIL) is a key algorithm for classification of whole slide images (WSI). Histology WSIs can have billions of pixels, which create enormous computational and annotation challenges. Typically, such images are divided into a set of patches (a bag of instances), where only bag-level class labels are provided. Deep learning based MIL methods calculate instance features using convolutional neural network (CNN). Our proposed approach is also deep learning based, with the following two contributions: Firstly, we propose to explicitly account for dependencies between instances during training by embedding self-attention Transformer blocks to capture dependencies between instances. For example, a tumor grade may depend on the presence of several particular patterns at different locations in WSI, which requires to account for dependencies between patches. Secondly, we propose an instance-wise loss function based on instance pseudo-labels. We compare the proposed algorithm to multiple baseline methods, evaluate it on the PANDA challenge dataset, the largest publicly available WSI dataset with over 11K images, and demonstrate state-of-the-art results.      
### 40.Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting in Incremental Few-Shot Learning by Finding Flat Minima  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01549.pdf)
>  This paper considers incremental few-shot learning, which requires a model to continually recognize new categories with only a few examples provided. Our study shows that existing methods severely suffer from catastrophic forgetting, a well-known problem in incremental learning, which is aggravated due to data scarcity and imbalance in the few-shot setting. Our analysis further suggests that to prevent catastrophic forgetting, actions need to be taken in the primitive stage -- the training of base classes instead of later few-shot learning sessions. Therefore, we propose to search for flat local minima of the base training objective function and then fine-tune the model parameters within the flat region on new tasks. In this way, the model can efficiently learn new classes while preserving the old ones. Comprehensive experimental results demonstrate that our approach outperforms all prior state-of-the-art methods and is very close to the approximate upper bound. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/moukamisama/F2M" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Comprehensive and Clinically Accurate Head and Neck Organs at Risk Delineation via Stratified Deep Learning: A Large-scale Multi-Institutional Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01544.pdf)
>  Accurate organ at risk (OAR) segmentation is critical to reduce the radiotherapy post-treatment complications. Consensus guidelines recommend a set of more than 40 OARs in the head and neck (H&amp;N) region, however, due to the predictable prohibitive labor-cost of this task, most institutions choose a substantially simplified protocol by delineating a smaller subset of OARs and neglecting the dose distributions associated with other OARs. In this work we propose a novel, automated and highly effective stratified OAR segmentation (SOARS) system using deep learning to precisely delineate a comprehensive set of 42 H&amp;N OARs. SOARS stratifies 42 OARs into anchor, mid-level, and small &amp; hard subcategories, with specifically derived neural network architectures for each category by neural architecture search (NAS) principles. We built SOARS models using 176 training patients in an internal institution and independently evaluated on 1327 external patients across six different institutions. It consistently outperformed other state-of-the-art methods by at least 3-5% in Dice score for each institutional evaluation (up to 36% relative error reduction in other metrics). More importantly, extensive multi-user studies evidently demonstrated that 98% of the SOARS predictions need only very minor or no revisions for direct clinical acceptance (saving 90% radiation oncologists workload), and their segmentation and dosimetric accuracy are within or smaller than the inter-user variation. These findings confirmed the strong clinical applicability of SOARS for the OAR delineation process in H&amp;N cancer radiotherapy workflows, with improved efficiency, comprehensiveness, and quality.      
### 42.ISP-Agnostic Image Reconstruction for Under-Display Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01511.pdf)
>  Under-display cameras have been proposed in recent years as a way to reduce the form factor of mobile devices while maximizing the screen area. Unfortunately, placing the camera behind the screen results in significant image distortions, including loss of contrast, blur, noise, color shift, scattering artifacts, and reduced light sensitivity. In this paper, we propose an image-restoration pipeline that is ISP-agnostic, i.e. it can be combined with any legacy ISP to produce a final image that matches the appearance of regular cameras using the same ISP. This is achieved with a deep learning approach that performs a RAW-to-RAW image restoration. To obtain large quantities of real under-display camera training data with sufficient contrast and scene diversity, we furthermore develop a data capture method utilizing an HDR monitor, as well as a data augmentation method to generate suitable HDR content. The monitor data is supplemented with real-world data that has less scene diversity but allows us to achieve fine detail recovery without being limited by the monitor resolution. Together, this approach successfully restores color and contrast as well as image detail.      
### 43.Out of distribution detection for skin and malaria images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01505.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have shown promising results in disease detection and classification using medical image data. However, they still suffer from the challenges of handling real-world scenarios especially reliably detecting out-of-distribution (OoD) samples. We propose an approach to robustly classify OoD samples in skin and malaria images without the need to access labeled OoD samples during training. Specifically, we use metric learning along with logistic regression to force the deep networks to learn much rich class representative features. To guide the learning process against the OoD examples, we generate ID similar-looking examples by either removing class-specific salient regions in the image or permuting image parts and distancing them away from in-distribution samples. During inference time, the K-reciprocal nearest neighbor is employed to detect out-of-distribution samples. For skin cancer OoD detection, we employ two standard benchmark skin cancer ISIC datasets as ID, and six different datasets with varying difficulty levels were taken as out of distribution. For malaria OoD detection, we use the BBBC041 malaria dataset as ID and five different challenging datasets as out of distribution. We achieved state-of-the-art results, improving 5% and 4% in TNR@TPR95% over the previous state-of-the-art for skin cancer and malaria OoD detection respectively.      
### 44.Constructing High-Order Signed Distance Maps from Computed Tomography Data with Application to Bone Morphometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01350.pdf)
>  An algorithm is presented for constructing high-order signed distance fields for two phase materials imaged with computed tomography. The signed distance field is high-order in that it is free of the quantization artifact associated with the distance transform of sampled signals. The narrowband is solved using a closest point algorithm extended for implicit embeddings that are not a signed distance field. The high-order fast sweeping algorithm is used to extend the narrowband to the remainder of the domain. The order of accuracy of the narrowband and extension methods are verified on ideal implicit surfaces. The method is applied to ten excised cubes of bovine trabecular bone. Localization of the surface, estimation of phase densities, and local morphometry is validated with these subjects. Since the embedding is high-order, gradients and thus curvatures can be accurately estimated locally in the image data.      
### 45.Federated Split Vision Transformer for COVID-19 CXR Diagnosis using Task-Agnostic Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01338.pdf)
>  Federated learning, which shares the weights of the neural network across clients, is gaining attention in the healthcare sector as it enables training on a large corpus of decentralized data while maintaining data privacy. For example, this enables neural network training for COVID-19 diagnosis on chest X-ray (CXR) images without collecting patient CXR data across multiple hospitals. Unfortunately, the exchange of the weights quickly consumes the network bandwidth if highly expressive network architecture is employed. So-called split learning partially solves this problem by dividing a neural network into a client and a server part, so that the client part of the network takes up less extensive computation resources and bandwidth. However, it is not clear how to find the optimal split without sacrificing the overall network performance. To amalgamate these methods and thereby maximize their distinct strengths, here we show that the Vision Transformer, a recently developed deep learning architecture with straightforward decomposable configuration, is ideally suitable for split learning without sacrificing performance. Even under the non-independent and identically distributed data distribution which emulates a real collaboration between hospitals using CXR datasets from multiple sources, the proposed framework was able to attain performance comparable to data-centralized training. In addition, the proposed framework along with heterogeneous multi-task clients also improves individual task performances including the diagnosis of COVID-19, eliminating the need for sharing large weights with innumerable parameters. Our results affirm the suitability of Transformer for collaborative learning in medical imaging and pave the way forward for future real-world implementations.      
### 46.Learning Eye-in-Hand Camera Calibration from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01245.pdf)
>  Eye-in-hand camera calibration is a fundamental and long-studied problem in robotics. We present a study on using learning-based methods for solving this problem online from a single RGB image, whilst training our models with entirely synthetic data. We study three main approaches: one direct regression model that directly predicts the extrinsic matrix from an image, one sparse correspondence model that regresses 2D keypoints and then uses PnP, and one dense correspondence model that uses regressed depth and segmentation maps to enable ICP pose estimation. In our experiments, we benchmark these methods against each other and against well-established classical methods, to find the surprising result that direct regression outperforms other approaches, and we perform noise-sensitivity analysis to gain further insights into these results.      
### 47.Arch-Net: Model Distillation for Architecture Agnostic Model Deployment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01135.pdf)
>  Vast requirement of computation power of Deep Neural Networks is a major hurdle to their real world applications. Many recent Application Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) chips feature dedicated hardware support for Neural Network Acceleration. However, as ASICs take multiple years to develop, they are inevitably out-paced by the latest development in Neural Architecture Research. For example, Transformer Networks do not have native support on many popular chips, and hence are difficult to deploy. In this paper, we propose Arch-Net, a family of Neural Networks made up of only operators efficiently supported across most architectures of ASICs. When a Arch-Net is produced, less common network constructs, like Layer Normalization and Embedding Layers, are eliminated in a progressive manner through label-free Blockwise Model Distillation, while performing sub-eight bit quantization at the same time to maximize performance. Empirical results on machine translation and image classification tasks confirm that we can transform latest developed Neural Architectures into fast running and as-accurate Arch-Net, ready for deployment on multiple mass-produced ASIC chips. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-research/Arch-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Comparing Bayesian Models for Organ Contouring in Headand Neck Radiotherapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.01134.pdf)
>  Deep learning models for organ contouring in radiotherapy are poised for clinical usage, but currently, there exist few tools for automated quality assessment (QA) of the predicted contours. Using Bayesian models and their associated uncertainty, one can potentially automate the process of detecting inaccurate predictions. We investigate two Bayesian models for auto-contouring, DropOut and FlipOut, using a quantitative measure - expected calibration error (ECE) and a qualitative measure - region-based accuracy-vs-uncertainty (R-AvU) graphs. It is well understood that a model should have low ECE to be considered trustworthy. However, in a QA context, a model should also have high uncertainty in inaccurate regions and low uncertainty in accurate regions. Such behaviour could direct visual attention of expert users to potentially inaccurate regions, leading to a speed up in the QA process. Using R-AvU graphs, we qualitatively compare the behaviour of different models in accurate and inaccurate regions. Experiments are conducted on the MICCAI2015 Head and Neck Segmentation Challenge and on the DeepMindTCIA CT dataset using three models: DropOut-DICE, Dropout-CE (Cross Entropy) and FlipOut-CE. Quantitative results show that DropOut-DICE has the highest ECE, while Dropout-CE and FlipOut-CE have the lowest ECE. To better understand the difference between DropOut-CE and FlipOut-CE, we use the R-AvU graph which shows that FlipOut-CE has better uncertainty coverage in inaccurate regions than DropOut-CE. Such a combination of quantitative and qualitative metrics explores a new approach that helps to select which model can be deployed as a QA tool in clinical settings.      
