# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 24 Nov 2021
### 1.Crossing the Format Boundary of Text and Boxes: Towards Unified Vision-Language Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12085.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose UNICORN, a vision-language (VL) model that unifies text generation and bounding box prediction into a single architecture. Specifically, we quantize each box into four discrete box tokens and serialize them as a sequence, which can be integrated with text tokens. We formulate all VL problems as a generation task, where the target sequence consists of the integrated text and box tokens. We then train a transformer encoder-decoder to predict the target in an auto-regressive manner. With such a unified framework and input-output format, UNICORN achieves comparable performance to task-specific state of the art on 7 VL benchmarks, covering the visual grounding, grounded captioning, visual question answering, and image captioning tasks. When trained with multi-task finetuning, UNICORN can approach different VL tasks with a single set of parameters, thus crossing downstream task boundary. We show that having a single model not only saves parameters, but also further boosts the model performance on certain tasks. Finally, UNICORN shows the capability of generalizing to new tasks such as ImageNet object localization.      
### 2.Self-Supervised Pre-Training for Transformer-Based Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12084.pdf)
>  Transformer-based supervised pre-training achieves great performance in person re-identification (ReID). However, due to the domain gap between ImageNet and ReID datasets, it usually needs a larger pre-training dataset (e.g. ImageNet-21K) to boost the performance because of the strong data fitting ability of the transformer. To address this challenge, this work targets to mitigate the gap between the pre-training and ReID datasets from the perspective of data and model structure, respectively. We first investigate self-supervised learning (SSL) methods with Vision Transformer (ViT) pretrained on unlabelled person images (the LUPerson dataset), and empirically find it significantly surpasses ImageNet supervised pre-training models on ReID tasks. To further reduce the domain gap and accelerate the pre-training, the Catastrophic Forgetting Score (CFS) is proposed to evaluate the gap between pre-training and fine-tuning data. Based on CFS, a subset is selected via sampling relevant data close to the down-stream ReID data and filtering irrelevant data from the pre-training dataset. For the model structure, a ReID-specific module named IBN-based convolution stem (ICS) is proposed to bridge the domain gap by learning more invariant features. Extensive experiments have been conducted to fine-tune the pre-training models under supervised learning, unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA), and unsupervised learning (USL) settings. We successfully downscale the LUPerson dataset to 50% with no performance degradation. Finally, we achieve state-of-the-art performance on Market-1501 and MSMT17. For example, our ViT-S/16 achieves 91.3%/89.9%/89.6% mAP accuracy on Market1501 for supervised/UDA/USL ReID. Codes and models will be released to <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/michuanhaohao/TransReID-SSL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.PhysFormer: Facial Video-based Physiological Measurement with Temporal Difference Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12082.pdf)
>  Remote photoplethysmography (rPPG), which aims at measuring heart activities and physiological signals from facial video without any contact, has great potential in many applications (e.g., remote healthcare and affective computing). Recent deep learning approaches focus on mining subtle rPPG clues using convolutional neural networks with limited spatio-temporal receptive fields, which neglect the long-range spatio-temporal perception and interaction for rPPG modeling. In this paper, we propose the PhysFormer, an end-to-end video transformer based architecture, to adaptively aggregate both local and global spatio-temporal features for rPPG representation enhancement. As key modules in PhysFormer, the temporal difference transformers first enhance the quasi-periodic rPPG features with temporal difference guided global attention, and then refine the local spatio-temporal representation against interference. Furthermore, we also propose the label distribution learning and a curriculum learning inspired dynamic constraint in frequency domain, which provide elaborate supervisions for PhysFormer and alleviate overfitting. Comprehensive experiments are performed on four benchmark datasets to show our superior performance on both intra- and cross-dataset testings. One highlight is that, unlike most transformer networks needed pretraining from large-scale datasets, the proposed PhysFormer can be easily trained from scratch on rPPG datasets, which makes it promising as a novel transformer baseline for the rPPG community. The codes will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZitongYu/PhysFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Mip-NeRF 360: Unbounded Anti-Aliased Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12077.pdf)
>  Though neural radiance fields (NeRF) have demonstrated impressive view synthesis results on objects and small bounded regions of space, they struggle on "unbounded" scenes, where the camera may point in any direction and content may exist at any distance. In this setting, existing NeRF-like models often produce blurry or low-resolution renderings (due to the unbalanced detail and scale of nearby and distant objects), are slow to train, and may exhibit artifacts due to the inherent ambiguity of the task of reconstructing a large scene from a small set of images. We present an extension of mip-NeRF (a NeRF variant that addresses sampling and aliasing) that uses a non-linear scene parameterization, online distillation, and a novel distortion-based regularizer to overcome the challenges presented by unbounded scenes. Our model, which we dub "mip-NeRF 360" as we target scenes in which the camera rotates 360 degrees around a point, reduces mean-squared error by 54% compared to mip-NeRF, and is able to produce realistic synthesized views and detailed depth maps for highly intricate, unbounded real-world scenes.      
### 5.Multi-Person 3D Motion Prediction with Multi-Range Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12073.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework for multi-person 3D motion trajectory prediction. Our key observation is that a human's action and behaviors may highly depend on the other persons around. Thus, instead of predicting each human pose trajectory in isolation, we introduce a Multi-Range Transformers model which contains of a local-range encoder for individual motion and a global-range encoder for social interactions. The Transformer decoder then performs prediction for each person by taking a corresponding pose as a query which attends to both local and global-range encoder features. Our model not only outperforms state-of-the-art methods on long-term 3D motion prediction, but also generates diverse social interactions. More interestingly, our model can even predict 15-person motion simultaneously by automatically dividing the persons into different interaction groups. Project page with code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://jiashunwang.github.io/MRT/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Sparse Fusion for Multimodal Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11992.pdf)
>  Multimodal classification is a core task in human-centric machine learning. We observe that information is highly complementary across modalities, thus unimodal information can be drastically sparsified prior to multimodal fusion without loss of accuracy. To this end, we present Sparse Fusion Transformers (SFT), a novel multimodal fusion method for transformers that performs comparably to existing state-of-the-art methods while having greatly reduced memory footprint and computation cost. Key to our idea is a sparse-pooling block that reduces unimodal token sets prior to cross-modality modeling. Evaluations are conducted on multiple multimodal benchmark datasets for a wide range of classification tasks. State-of-the-art performance is obtained on multiple benchmarks under similar experiment conditions, while reporting up to six-fold reduction in computational cost and memory requirements. Extensive ablation studies showcase our benefits of combining sparsification and multimodal learning over naive approaches. This paves the way for enabling multimodal learning on low-resource devices.      
### 7.MFM-Net: Unpaired Shape Completion Network with Multi-stage Feature Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11976.pdf)
>  Unpaired 3D object completion aims to predict a complete 3D shape from an incomplete input without knowing the correspondence between the complete and incomplete shapes during training. To build the correspondence between two data modalities, previous methods usually apply adversarial training to match the global shape features extracted by the encoder. However, this ignores the correspondence between multi-scaled geometric information embedded in the pyramidal hierarchy of the decoder, which makes previous methods struggle to generate high-quality complete shapes. To address this problem, we propose a novel unpaired shape completion network, named MFM-Net, using multi-stage feature matching, which decomposes the learning of geometric correspondence into multi-stages throughout the hierarchical generation process in the point cloud decoder. Specifically, MFM-Net adopts a dual path architecture to establish multiple feature matching channels in different layers of the decoder, which is then combined with the adversarial learning to merge the distribution of features from complete and incomplete modalities. In addition, a refinement is applied to enhance the details. As a result, MFM-Net makes use of a more comprehensive understanding to establish the geometric correspondence between complete and incomplete shapes in a local-to-global perspective, which enables more detailed geometric inference for generating high-quality complete shapes. We conduct comprehensive experiments on several datasets, and the results show that our method outperforms previous methods of unpaired point cloud completion with a large margin.      
### 8.Lifting 2D Human Pose to 3D with Domain Adapted 3D Body Concept  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11969.pdf)
>  Lifting the 2D human pose to the 3D pose is an important yet challenging task. Existing 3D pose estimation suffers from 1) the inherent ambiguity between the 2D and 3D data, and 2) the lack of well labeled 2D-3D pose pairs in the wild. Human beings are able to imagine the human 3D pose from a 2D image or a set of 2D body key-points with the least ambiguity, which should be attributed to the prior knowledge of the human body that we have acquired in our mind. Inspired by this, we propose a new framework that leverages the labeled 3D human poses to learn a 3D concept of the human body to reduce the ambiguity. To have consensus on the body concept from 2D pose, our key insight is to treat the 2D human pose and the 3D human pose as two different domains. By adapting the two domains, the body knowledge learned from 3D poses is applied to 2D poses and guides the 2D pose encoder to generate informative 3D "imagination" as embedding in pose lifting. Benefiting from the domain adaptation perspective, the proposed framework unifies the supervised and semi-supervised 3D pose estimation in a principled framework. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach can achieve state-of-the-art performance on standard benchmarks. More importantly, it is validated that the explicitly learned 3D body concept effectively alleviates the 2D-3D ambiguity in 2D pose lifting, improves the generalization, and enables the network to exploit the abundant unlabeled 2D data.      
### 9.Leveraging Selective Prediction for Reliable Image Geolocation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11952.pdf)
>  Reliable image geolocation is crucial for several applications, ranging from social media geo-tagging to fake news detection. State-of-the-art geolocation methods surpass human performance on the task of geolocation estimation from images. However, no method assesses the suitability of an image for this task, which results in unreliable and erroneous estimations for images containing no geolocation clues. In this paper, we define the task of image localizability, i.e. suitability of an image for geolocation, and propose a selective prediction methodology to address the task. In particular, we propose two novel selection functions that leverage the output probability distributions of geolocation models to infer localizability at different scales. Our selection functions are benchmarked against the most widely used selective prediction baselines, outperforming them in all cases. By abstaining from predicting non-localizable images, we improve geolocation accuracy from 27.8% to 70.5% at the city-scale, and thus make current geolocation models reliable for real-world applications.      
### 10.PAM: Pose Attention Module for Pose-Invariant Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11940.pdf)
>  Pose variation is one of the key challenges in face recognition. Conventional techniques mainly focus on face frontalization or face augmentation in image space. However, transforming face images in image space is not guaranteed to preserve the lossless identity features of the original image. Moreover, these methods suffer from more computational costs and memory requirements due to the additional models. We argue that it is more desirable to perform feature transformation in hierarchical feature space rather than image space, which can take advantage of different feature levels and benefit from joint learning with representation learning. To this end, we propose a lightweight and easy-to-implement attention block, named Pose Attention Module (PAM), for pose-invariant face recognition. Specifically, PAM performs frontal-profile feature transformation in hierarchical feature space by learning residuals between pose variations with a soft gate mechanism. We validated the effectiveness of PAM block design through extensive ablation studies and verified the performance on several popular benchmarks, including LFW, CFP-FP, AgeDB-30, CPLFW, and CALFW. Experimental results show that our method not only outperforms state-of-the-art methods but also effectively reduces memory requirements by more than 75 times. It is noteworthy that our method is not limited to face recognition with large pose variations. By adjusting the soft gate mechanism of PAM to a specific coefficient, such semantic attention block can easily extend to address other intra-class imbalance problems in face recognition, including large variations in age, illumination, expression, etc.      
### 11.Hierarchical Graph Networks for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11927.pdf)
>  Recent 2D-to-3D human pose estimation works tend to utilize the graph structure formed by the topology of the human skeleton. However, we argue that this skeletal topology is too sparse to reflect the body structure and suffer from serious 2D-to-3D ambiguity problem. To overcome these weaknesses, we propose a novel graph convolution network architecture, Hierarchical Graph Networks (HGN). It is based on denser graph topology generated by our multi-scale graph structure building strategy, thus providing more delicate geometric information. The proposed architecture contains three sparse-to-fine representation subnetworks organized in parallel, in which multi-scale graph-structured features are processed and exchange information through a novel feature fusion strategy, leading to rich hierarchical representations. We also introduce a 3D coarse mesh constraint to further boost detail-related feature learning. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our HGN achieves the state-of-the art performance with reduced network parameters      
### 12.Results of improved fractional/integer order PDE-based binarization model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11899.pdf)
>  In this report, we present and compare the results of an improved fractional and integer order partial differential equation (PDE)-based binarization scheme. The improved model incorporates a diffusion term in addition to the edge and binary source terms from the previous formulation. Furthermore, logarithmic local contrast edge normalization and combined isotropic and anisotropic edge detection enables simultaneous bleed-through elimination with faded text restoration for degraded document images. Comparisons of results with state-of-the-art PDE methods show improved and superior results.      
### 13.LMGP: Lifted Multicut Meets Geometry Projections for Multi-Camera Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11892.pdf)
>  Multi-Camera Multi-Object Tracking is currently drawing attention in the computer vision field due to its superior performance in real-world applications such as video surveillance with crowded scenes or in vast space. In this work, we propose a mathematically elegant multi-camera multiple object tracking approach based on a spatial-temporal lifted multicut formulation. Our model utilizes state-of-the-art tracklets produced by single-camera trackers as proposals. As these tracklets may contain ID-Switch errors, we refine them through a novel pre-clustering obtained from 3D geometry projections. As a result, we derive a better tracking graph without ID switches and more precise affinity costs for the data association phase. Tracklets are then matched to multi-camera trajectories by solving a global lifted multicut formulation that incorporates short and long-range temporal interactions on tracklets located in the same camera as well as inter-camera ones. Experimental results on the WildTrack dataset yield near-perfect result, outperforming state-of-the-art trackers on Campus while being on par on the PETS-09 dataset. We will make our implementations available upon acceptance of the paper.      
### 14.Weakly-Supervised Cloud Detection with Fixed-Point GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11879.pdf)
>  The detection of clouds in satellite images is an essential preprocessing task for big data in remote sensing. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have greatly advanced the state-of-the-art in the detection of clouds in satellite images, but existing CNN-based methods are costly as they require large amounts of training images with expensive pixel-level cloud labels. To alleviate this cost, we propose Fixed-Point GAN for Cloud Detection (FCD), a weakly-supervised approach. Training with only image-level labels, we learn fixed-point translation between clear and cloudy images, so only clouds are affected during translation. Doing so enables our approach to predict pixel-level cloud labels by translating satellite images to clear ones and setting a threshold to the difference between the two images. Moreover, we propose FCD+, where we exploit the label-noise robustness of CNNs to refine the prediction of FCD, leading to further improvements. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on the Landsat-8 Biome cloud detection dataset, where we obtain performance close to existing fully-supervised methods that train with expensive pixel-level labels. By fine-tuning our FCD+ with just 1% of the available pixel-level labels, we match the performance of fully-supervised methods.      
### 15.DBIA: Data-free Backdoor Injection Attack against Transformer Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11870.pdf)
>  Recently, transformer architecture has demonstrated its significance in both Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Computer Vision (CV) tasks. Though other network models are known to be vulnerable to the backdoor attack, which embeds triggers in the model and controls the model behavior when the triggers are presented, little is known whether such an attack is still valid on the transformer models and if so, whether it can be done in a more cost-efficient manner. In this paper, we propose DBIA, a novel data-free backdoor attack against the CV-oriented transformer networks, leveraging the inherent attention mechanism of transformers to generate triggers and injecting the backdoor using the poisoned surrogate dataset. We conducted extensive experiments based on three benchmark transformers, i.e., ViT, DeiT and Swin Transformer, on two mainstream image classification tasks, i.e., CIFAR10 and ImageNet. The evaluation results demonstrate that, consuming fewer resources, our approach can embed backdoors with a high success rate and a low impact on the performance of the victim transformers. Our code is available at https://anonymous.4open.science/r/DBIA-825D.      
### 16.Explainable Deep Image Classifiers for Skin Lesion Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11863.pdf)
>  A key issue in critical contexts such as medical diagnosis is the interpretability of the deep learning models adopted in decision-making systems. Research in eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) is trying to solve this issue. However, often XAI approaches are only tested on generalist classifier and do not represent realistic problems such as those of medical diagnosis. In this paper, we analyze a case study on skin lesion images where we customize an existing XAI approach for explaining a deep learning model able to recognize different types of skin lesions. The explanation is formed by synthetic exemplar and counter-exemplar images of skin lesion and offers the practitioner a way to highlight the crucial traits responsible for the classification decision. A survey conducted with domain experts, beginners and unskilled people proof that the usage of explanations increases the trust and confidence in the automatic decision system. Also, an analysis of the latent space adopted by the explainer unveils that some of the most frequent skin lesion classes are distinctly separated. This phenomenon could derive from the intrinsic characteristics of each class and, hopefully, can provide support in the resolution of the most frequent misclassifications by human experts.      
### 17.Inferring User Facial Affect in Work-like Settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11862.pdf)
>  Unlike the six basic emotions of happiness, sadness, fear, anger, disgust and surprise, modelling and predicting dimensional affect in terms of valence (positivity - negativity) and arousal (intensity) has proven to be more flexible, applicable and useful for naturalistic and real-world settings. In this paper, we aim to infer user facial affect when the user is engaged in multiple work-like tasks under varying difficulty levels (baseline, easy, hard and stressful conditions), including (i) an office-like setting where they undertake a task that is less physically demanding but requires greater mental strain; (ii) an assembly-line-like setting that requires the usage of fine motor skills; and (iii) an office-like setting representing teleworking and teleconferencing. In line with this aim, we first design a study with different conditions and gather multimodal data from 12 subjects. We then perform several experiments with various machine learning models and find that: (i) the display and prediction of facial affect vary from non-working to working settings; (ii) prediction capability can be boosted by using datasets captured in a work-like context; and (iii) segment-level (spectral representation) information is crucial in improving the facial affect prediction.      
### 18.Spatio-Temporal Split Learning for Autonomous Aerial Surveillance using Urban Air Mobility (UAM) Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11856.pdf)
>  Autonomous surveillance unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are deployed to observe the streets of the city for any suspicious activities. This paper utilizes surveillance UAVs for the purpose of detecting the presence of a fire in the streets. An extensive database is collected from UAV surveillance drones. With the aid of artificial intelligence (AI), fire stations can swiftly identify the presence of a fire emerging in the neighborhood. Spatio-temporal split learning is applied to this scenario to preserve privacy and globally train a fire classification model. Fires are hazardous natural disasters that can spread very quickly. Swift identification of fire is required to deploy firefighters to the scene. In order to do this, strong communication between the UAV and the central server where the deep learning process occurs is required. Improving communication resilience is integral to enhancing a safe experience on the roads. Therefore, this paper explores the adequate number of clients and data ratios for split learning in this UAV setting, as well as the required network infrastructure.      
### 19.Compresion y analisis de imagenes por medio de algoritmos para la ganaderia de precision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11854.pdf)
>  The problem that we want to solve in this project of the subject of Data Structures and Algorithms, is to decipher some images, which have in them animals, being more specific, bovine animals; in which it is necessary to identify if the animal is healthy, that is to say, if it is in good conditions to be taken into account in the process of selection of the cattle, or if it is sick, to know if it is discarded. All this by means of an algorithm of compression, which allows to take the images and to take them to an examination of these in the code, where not always the results are going to be one hundred percent exact, but what allows this code to be efficient, is that it works with machine learning, which means that the more information it takes, the more precise the results are going to be without bringing with it general affectations. The proposed algorithms are NN and bilinear interpolation, where significant results were obtained on the execution speed. It is concluded that a better job could have been done, but with what was delivered, it is believed that it is a good result of the work.      
### 20.U-shape Transformer for Underwater Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11843.pdf)
>  The light absorption and scattering of underwater impurities lead to poor underwater imaging quality. The existing data-driven based underwater image enhancement (UIE) techniques suffer from the lack of a large-scale dataset containing various underwater scenes and high-fidelity reference images. Besides, the inconsistent attenuation in different color channels and space areas is not fully considered for boosted enhancement. In this work, we constructed a large-scale underwater image (LSUI) dataset including 5004 image pairs, and reported an U-shape Transformer network where the transformer model is for the first time introduced to the UIE task. The U-shape Transformer is integrated with a channel-wise multi-scale feature fusion transformer (CMSFFT) module and a spatial-wise global feature modeling transformer (SGFMT) module, which reinforce the network's attention to the color channels and space areas with more serious attenuation. Meanwhile, in order to further improve the contrast and saturation, a novel loss function combining RGB, LAB and LCH color spaces is designed following the human vision principle. The extensive experiments on available datasets validate the state-of-the-art performance of the reported technique with more than 2dB superiority.      
### 21.Focal and Global Knowledge Distillation for Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11837.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation has been applied to image classification successfully. However, object detection is much more sophisticated and most knowledge distillation methods have failed on it. In this paper, we point out that in object detection, the features of the teacher and student vary greatly in different areas, especially in the foreground and background. If we distill them equally, the uneven differences between feature maps will negatively affect the distillation. Thus, we propose Focal and Global Distillation (FGD). Focal distillation separates the foreground and background, forcing the student to focus on the teacher's critical pixels and channels. Global distillation rebuilds the relation between different pixels and transfers it from teachers to students, compensating for missing global information in focal distillation. As our method only needs to calculate the loss on the feature map, FGD can be applied to various detectors. We experiment on various detectors with different backbones and the results show that the student detector achieves excellent mAP improvement. For example, ResNet-50 based RetinaNet, Faster RCNN, RepPoints and Mask RCNN with our distillation method achieve 40.7%, 42.0%, 42.0% and 42.1% mAP on COCO2017, which are 3.3, 3.6, 3.4 and 2.9 higher than the baseline, respectively. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yzd-v/FGD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.A General Divergence Modeling Strategy for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11827.pdf)
>  Salient object detection is subjective in nature, which implies that multiple estimations should be related to the same input image. Most existing salient object detection models are deterministic following a point to point estimation learning pipeline, making them incapable to estimate the predictive distribution. Although latent variable model based stochastic prediction network exists to model the prediction variants, the latent space based on the single clean saliency annotation is less reliable in exploring the subjective nature of saliency, leading to less effective saliency "divergence modeling". Given multiple saliency annotations, we introduce a general divergence modeling strategy via random sampling, and apply our strategy to an ensemble based framework and three latent variable model based solutions. Experimental results indicate that our general divergence modeling strategy works superiorly in exploring the subjective nature of saliency.      
### 23.Exploring Non-Contrastive Representation Learning for Deep Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11821.pdf)
>  Existing deep clustering methods rely on contrastive learning for representation learning, which requires negative examples to form an embedding space where all instances are well-separated. However, the negative examples inevitably give rise to the class collision issue, compromising the representation learning for clustering. In this paper, we explore non-contrastive representation learning for deep clustering, termed NCC, which is based on BYOL, a representative method without negative examples. First, we propose to align one augmented view of instance with the neighbors of another view in the embedding space, called positive sampling strategy, which avoids the class collision issue caused by the negative examples and hence improves the within-cluster compactness. Second, we propose to encourage alignment between two augmented views of one prototype and uniformity among all prototypes, named prototypical contrastive loss or ProtoCL, which can maximize the inter-cluster distance. Moreover, we formulate NCC in an Expectation-Maximization (EM) framework, in which E-step utilizes spherical k-means to estimate the pseudo-labels of instances and distribution of prototypes from a target network and M-step leverages the proposed losses to optimize an online network. As a result, NCC forms an embedding space where all clusters are well-separated and within-cluster examples are compact. Experimental results on several clustering benchmark datasets including ImageNet-1K demonstrate that NCC outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a significant margin.      
### 24.Pruning Self-attentions into Convolutional Layers in Single Path  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11802.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViTs) have achieved impressive performance over various computer vision tasks. However, modeling global correlations with multi-head self-attention (MSA) layers leads to two widely recognized issues: the massive computational resource consumption and the lack of intrinsic inductive bias for modeling local visual patterns. One unified solution is to search whether to replace some MSA layers with convolution-like inductive biases that are computationally efficient via neural architecture search (NAS) based pruning methods. However, maintaining MSA and different candidate convolutional operations as separate trainable paths gives rise to expensive search cost and challenging optimization. Instead, we propose a novel weight-sharing scheme between MSA and convolutional operations and cast the search problem as finding which subset of parameters to use in each MSA layer. The weight-sharing scheme further allows us to devise an automatic Single-Path Vision Transformer pruning method (SPViT) to quickly prune the pre-trained ViTs into accurate and compact hybrid models with significantly reduced search cost, given target efficiency constraints. We conduct extensive experiments on two representative ViT models showing our method achieves a favorable accuracy-efficiency trade-off. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhuang-group/SPViT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Introduction to Presentation Attack Detection in Face Biometrics and Recent Advances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11794.pdf)
>  The main scope of this chapter is to serve as an introduction to face presentation attack detection, including key resources and advances in the field in the last few years. The next pages present the different presentation attacks that a face recognition system can confront, in which an attacker presents to the sensor, mainly a camera, a Presentation Attack Instrument (PAI), that is generally a photograph, a video, or a mask, to try to impersonate a genuine user. First, we make an introduction of the current status of face recognition, its level of deployment, and its challenges. In addition, we present the vulnerabilities and the possible attacks that a face recognition system may be exposed to, showing that way the high importance of presentation attack detection methods. We review different types of presentation attack methods, from simpler to more complex ones, and in which cases they could be effective. Then, we summarize the most popular presentation attack detection methods to deal with these attacks. Finally, we introduce public datasets used by the research community for exploring vulnerabilities of face biometrics to presentation attacks and developing effective countermeasures against known PAIs.      
### 26.GenReg: Deep Generative Method for Fast Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11783.pdf)
>  Accurate and efficient point cloud registration is a challenge because the noise and a large number of points impact the correspondence search. This challenge is still a remaining research problem since most of the existing methods rely on correspondence search. To solve this challenge, we propose a new data-driven registration algorithm by investigating deep generative neural networks to point cloud registration. Given two point clouds, the motivation is to generate the aligned point clouds directly, which is very useful in many applications like 3D matching and search. We design an end-to-end generative neural network for aligned point clouds generation to achieve this motivation, containing three novel components. Firstly, a point multi-perception layer (MLP) mixer (PointMixer) network is proposed to efficiently maintain both the global and local structure information at multiple levels from the self point clouds. Secondly, a feature interaction module is proposed to fuse information from cross point clouds. Thirdly, a parallel and differential sample consensus method is proposed to calculate the transformation matrix of the input point clouds based on the generated registration results. The proposed generative neural network is trained in a GAN framework by maintaining the data distribution and structure similarity. The experiments on both ModelNet40 and 7Scene datasets demonstrate that the proposed algorithm achieves state-of-the-art accuracy and efficiency. Notably, our method reduces $2\times$ in registration error (CD) and $12\times$ running time compared to the state-of-the-art correspondence-based algorithm.      
### 27.A self-training framework for glaucoma grading in OCT B-scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11771.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a self-training-based framework for glaucoma grading using OCT B-scans under the presence of domain shift. Particularly, the proposed two-step learning methodology resorts to pseudo-labels generated during the first step to augment the training dataset on the target domain, which is then used to train the final target model. This allows transferring knowledge-domain from the unlabeled data. Additionally, we propose a novel glaucoma-specific backbone which introduces residual and attention modules via skip-connections to refine the embedding features of the latent space. By doing this, our model is capable of improving state-of-the-art from a quantitative and interpretability perspective. The reported results demonstrate that the proposed learning strategy can boost the performance of the model on the target dataset without incurring in additional annotation steps, by using only labels from the source examples. Our model consistently outperforms the baseline by 1-3% across different metrics and bridges the gap with respect to training the model on the labeled target data.      
### 28.ReGroup: Recursive Neural Networks for Hierarchical Grouping of Vector Graphic Primitives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11759.pdf)
>  Selection functionality is as fundamental to vector graphics as it is for raster data. But vector selection is quite different: instead of pixel-level labeling, we make a binary decision to include or exclude each vector primitive. In the absence of intelligible metadata, this becomes a perceptual grouping problem. These have previously relied on heuristics derived from empirical principles like Gestalt Theory, but since these are ill-defined and subjective, they often result in ambiguity. Here we take a data-centric approach to the problem. By exploiting the recursive nature of perceptual grouping, we interpret the task as constructing a hierarchy over the primitives of a vector graphic, which is amenable to learning with recursive neural networks with few human annotations. We verify this by building a dataset of these hierarchies on which we train a hierarchical grouping network. We then demonstrate how this can underpin a prototype selection tool.      
### 29.Semi-Online Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11747.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation is an effective and stable method for model compression via knowledge transfer. Conventional knowledge distillation (KD) is to transfer knowledge from a large and well pre-trained teacher network to a small student network, which is a one-way process. Recently, deep mutual learning (DML) has been proposed to help student networks learn collaboratively and simultaneously. However, to the best of our knowledge, KD and DML have never been jointly explored in a unified framework to solve the knowledge distillation problem. In this paper, we investigate that the teacher model supports more trustworthy supervision signals in KD, while the student captures more similar behaviors from the teacher in DML. Based on these observations, we first propose to combine KD with DML in a unified framework. Furthermore, we propose a Semi-Online Knowledge Distillation (SOKD) method that effectively improves the performance of the student and the teacher. In this method, we introduce the peer-teaching training fashion in DML in order to alleviate the student's imitation difficulty, and also leverage the supervision signals provided by the well-trained teacher in KD. Besides, we also show our framework can be easily extended to feature-based distillation methods. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-100 and ImageNet datasets demonstrate the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 30.Deep Residual Fourier Transformation for Single Image Deblurring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11745.pdf)
>  It has been a common practice to adopt the ResBlock, which learns the difference between blurry and sharp image pairs, in end-to-end image deblurring architectures. Reconstructing a sharp image from its blurry counterpart requires changes regarding both low- and high-frequency information. Although conventional ResBlock may have good abilities in capturing the high-frequency components of images, it tends to overlook the low-frequency information. Moreover, ResBlock usually fails to felicitously model the long-distance information which is non-trivial in reconstructing a sharp image from its blurry counterpart. In this paper, we present a Residual Fast Fourier Transform with Convolution Block (Res FFT-Conv Block), capable of capturing both long-term and short-term interactions, while integrating both low- and high-frequency residual information. Res FFT-Conv Block is a conceptually simple yet computationally efficient, and plug-and-play block, leading to remarkable performance gains in different architectures. With Res FFT-Conv Block, we further propose a Deep Residual Fourier Transformation (DeepRFT) framework, based upon MIMO-UNet, achieving state-of-the-art image deblurring performance on GoPro, HIDE, RealBlur and DPDD datasets. Experiments show our DeepRFT can boost image deblurring performance significantly (e.g., with 1.09 dB improvement in PSNR on GoPro dataset compared with MIMO-UNet), and DeepRFT+ even reaches 33.23 dB in PSNR on GoPro dataset.      
### 31.AdaFusion: Visual-LiDAR Fusion with Adaptive Weights for Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11739.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the increasing application of place recognition in various environments, such as city roads, large buildings, and a mix of indoor and outdoor places. This task, however, still remains challenging due to the limitations of different sensors and the changing appearance of environments. Current works only consider the use of individual sensors, or simply combine different sensors, ignoring the fact that the importance of different sensors varies as the environment changes. In this paper, an adaptive weighting visual-LiDAR fusion method, named AdaFusion, is proposed to learn the weights for both images and point cloud features. Features of these two modalities are thus contributed differently according to the current environmental situation. The learning of weights is achieved by the attention branch of the network, which is then fused with the multi-modality feature extraction branch. Furthermore, to better utilize the potential relationship between images and point clouds, we design a twostage fusion approach to combine the 2D and 3D attention. Our work is tested on two public datasets, and experiments show that the adaptive weights help improve recognition accuracy and system robustness to varying environments.      
### 32.Tensor Component Analysis for Interpreting the Latent Space of GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11736.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of finding interpretable directions in the latent space of pre-trained Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to facilitate controllable image synthesis. Such interpretable directions correspond to transformations that can affect both the style and geometry of the synthetic images. However, existing approaches that utilise linear techniques to find these transformations often fail to provide an intuitive way to separate these two sources of variation. To address this, we propose to a) perform a multilinear decomposition of the tensor of intermediate representations, and b) use a tensor-based regression to map directions found using this decomposition to the latent space. Our scheme allows for both linear edits corresponding to the individual modes of the tensor, and non-linear ones that model the multiplicative interactions between them. We show experimentally that we can utilise the former to better separate style- from geometry-based transformations, and the latter to generate an extended set of possible transformations in comparison to prior works. We demonstrate our approach's efficacy both quantitatively and qualitatively compared to the current state-of-the-art.      
### 33.IR Motion Deblurring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11734.pdf)
>  Camera gimbal systems are important in various air or water borne systems for applications such as navigation, target tracking, security and surveillance. A higher steering rate (rotation angle per second) of gimbal is preferable for real-time applications since a given field-of-view (FOV) can be revisited within a short period of time. However, due to relative motion between the gimbal and scene during the exposure time, the captured video frames can suffer from motion blur. Since most of the post-capture applications require blurfree images, motion deblurring in real-time is an important need. Even though there exist blind deblurring methods which aim to retrieve latent images from blurry inputs, they are constrained by very high-dimensional optimization thus incurring large execution times. On the other hand, deep learning methods for motion deblurring, though fast, do not generalize satisfactorily to different domains (e.g., air, water, etc). In this work, we address the problem of real-time motion deblurring in infrared (IR) images captured by a gimbal-based system. We reveal how a priori knowledge of the blur-kernel can be used in conjunction with non-blind deblurring methods to achieve real-time performance. Importantly, our mathematical model can be leveraged to create large-scale datasets with realistic gimbal motion blur. Such datasets which are a rarity can be a valuable asset for contemporary deep learning methods. We show that, in comparison to the state-of-the-art techniques in deblurring, our method is better suited for practical gimbal-based imaging systems.      
### 34.A new dynamical model for solving rotation averaging problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11723.pdf)
>  The paper analyzes the rotation averaging problem as a minimization problem for a potential function of the corresponding gradient system. This dynamical system is one generalization of the famous Kuramoto model on special orthogonal group SO(3), which is known as the non-Abelian Kuramoto model. We have proposed a novel method for finding weighted and unweighted rotation average. In order to verify the correctness of our algorithms, we have compared the simulation results with geometric and projected average using real and random data sets. In particular, we have discovered that our method gives approximately the same results as geometric average.      
### 35.Gait Identification under Surveillance Environment based on Human Skeleton  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11720.pdf)
>  As an emerging biological identification technology, vision-based gait identification is an important research content in biometrics. Most existing gait identification methods extract features from gait videos and identify a probe sample by a query in the gallery. However, video data contains redundant information and can be easily influenced by bagging (BG) and clothing (CL). Since human body skeletons convey essential information about human gaits, a skeleton-based gait identification network is proposed in our project. First, extract skeleton sequences from the video and map them into a gait graph. Then a feature extraction network based on Spatio-Temporal Graph Convolutional Network (ST-GCN) is constructed to learn gait representations. Finally, the probe sample is identified by matching with the most similar piece in the gallery. We tested our method on the CASIA-B dataset. The result shows that our approach is highly adaptive and gets the advanced result in BG, CL conditions, and average.      
### 36.StrokeNet: Stroke Assisted and Hierarchical Graph Reasoning Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11718.pdf)
>  Scene text detection is still a challenging task, as there may be extremely small or low-resolution strokes, and close or arbitrary-shaped texts. In this paper, StrokeNet is proposed to effectively detect the texts by capturing the fine-grained strokes, and infer structural relations between the hierarchical representation in the graph. Different from existing approaches that represent the text area by a series of points or rectangular boxes, we directly localize strokes of each text instance through Stroke Assisted Prediction Network (SAPN). Besides, Hierarchical Relation Graph Network (HRGN) is adopted to perform relational reasoning and predict the likelihood of linkages, effectively splitting the close text instances and grouping node classification results into arbitrary-shaped text region. We introduce a novel dataset with stroke-level annotations, namely SynthStroke, for offline pre-training of our model. Experiments on wide-ranging benchmarks verify the State-of-the-Art performance of our method. Our dataset and code will be available.      
### 37.A Multi-Stage model based on YOLOv3 for defect detection in PV panels based on IR and Visible Imaging by Unmanned Aerial Vehicle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11709.pdf)
>  As solar capacity installed worldwide continues to grow, there is an increasing awareness that advanced inspection systems are becoming of utmost importance to schedule smart interventions and minimize downtime likelihood. In this work we propose a novel automatic multi-stage model to detect panel defects on aerial images captured by unmanned aerial vehicle by using the YOLOv3 network and Computer Vision techniques. The model combines detections of panels and defects to refine its accuracy. The main novelties are represented by its versatility to process either thermographic or visible images and detect a large variety of defects and its portability to both rooftop and ground-mounted PV systems and different panel types. The proposed model has been validated on two big PV plants in the south of Italy with an outstanding AP@0.5 exceeding 98% for panel detection, a remarkable AP@0.4 (AP@0.5) of roughly 88.3% (66.95%) for hotspots by means of infrared thermography and a mAP@0.5 of almost 70% in the visible spectrum for detection of anomalies including panel shading induced by soiling and bird dropping, delamination, presence of puddles and raised rooftop panels. An estimation of the soiling coverage is also predicted. Finally an analysis of the influence of the different YOLOv3's output scales on the detection is discussed.      
### 38.Deep Point Cloud Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11704.pdf)
>  Point cloud obtained from 3D scanning is often sparse, noisy, and irregular. To cope with these issues, recent studies have been separately conducted to densify, denoise, and complete inaccurate point cloud. In this paper, we advocate that jointly solving these tasks leads to significant improvement for point cloud reconstruction. To this end, we propose a deep point cloud reconstruction network consisting of two stages: 1) a 3D sparse stacked-hourglass network as for the initial densification and denoising, 2) a refinement via transformers converting the discrete voxels into 3D points. In particular, we further improve the performance of transformer by a newly proposed module called amplified positional encoding. This module has been designed to differently amplify the magnitude of positional encoding vectors based on the points' distances for adaptive refinements. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our network achieves state-of-the-art performance among the recent studies in the ScanNet, ICL-NUIM, and ShapeNetPart datasets. Moreover, we underline the ability of our network to generalize toward real-world and unmet scenes.      
### 39.HybridGazeNet: Geometric model guided Convolutional Neural Networks for gaze estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11691.pdf)
>  As a critical cue for understanding human intention, human gaze provides a key signal for Human-Computer Interaction(HCI) applications. Appearance-based gaze estimation, which directly regresses the gaze vector from eye images, has made great progress recently based on Convolutional Neural Networks(ConvNets) architecture and open-source large-scale gaze datasets. However, encoding model-based knowledge into CNN model to further improve the gaze estimation performance remains a topic that needs to be explored. In this paper, we propose HybridGazeNet(HGN), a unified framework that encodes the geometric eyeball model into the appearance-based CNN architecture explicitly. Composed of a multi-branch network and an uncertainty module, HybridGazeNet is trained using a hyridized strategy. Experiments on multiple challenging gaze datasets shows that HybridGazeNet has better accuracy and generalization ability compared with existing SOTA methods. The code will be released later.      
### 40.Smoothing the Generative Latent Space with Mixup-based Distance Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11672.pdf)
>  Producing diverse and realistic images with generative models such as GANs typically requires large scale training with vast amount of images. GANs trained with extremely limited data can easily overfit to few training samples and display undesirable properties like "stairlike" latent space where transitions in latent space suffer from discontinuity, occasionally yielding abrupt changes in outputs. In this work, we consider the situation where neither large scale dataset of our interest nor transferable source dataset is available, and seek to train existing generative models with minimal overfitting and mode collapse. We propose latent mixup-based distance regularization on the feature space of both a generator and the counterpart discriminator that encourages the two players to reason not only about the scarce observed data points but the relative distances in the feature space they reside. Qualitative and quantitative evaluation on diverse datasets demonstrates that our method is generally applicable to existing models to enhance both fidelity and diversity under the constraint of limited data. Code will be made public.      
### 41.Non-invasive hemodynamic analysis for aortic regurgitation using computational fluid dynamics and deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11660.pdf)
>  Changes in cardiovascular hemodynamics are closely related to the development of aortic regurgitation (AR), a type of valvular heart disease. Pressure gradients derived from blood flows are used to indicate AR onset and evaluate its severity. These metrics can be non-invasively obtained using four-dimensional (4D) flow magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), where accuracy is primarily dependent on spatial resolution. However, insufficient resolution often results from limitations in 4D flow MRI and complex AR hemodynamics. To address this, computational fluid dynamics simulations were transformed into synthetic 4D flow MRI data and used to train a variety of neural networks. These networks generated super resolution, full-field phase images with an upsample factor of 4. Results showed decreased velocity error, high structural similarity scores, and improved learning capabilities from previous work. Further validation was performed on two sets of in-vivo 4D flow MRI data and demonstrated success in de-noising flow images. This approach presents an opportunity to comprehensively analyse AR hemodynamics in a non-invasive manner.      
### 42.Few-Shot Object Detection via Association and DIscrimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11656.pdf)
>  Object detection has achieved substantial progress in the last decade. However, detecting novel classes with only few samples remains challenging, since deep learning under low data regime usually leads to a degraded feature space. Existing works employ a holistic fine-tuning paradigm to tackle this problem, where the model is first pre-trained on all base classes with abundant samples, and then it is used to carve the novel class feature space. Nonetheless, this paradigm is still imperfect. Durning fine-tuning, a novel class may implicitly leverage the knowledge of multiple base classes to construct its feature space, which induces a scattered feature space, hence violating the inter-class separability. To overcome these obstacles, we propose a two-step fine-tuning framework, Few-shot object detection via Association and DIscrimination (FADI), which builds up a discriminative feature space for each novel class with two integral steps. 1) In the association step, in contrast to implicitly leveraging multiple base classes, we construct a compact novel class feature space via explicitly imitating a specific base class feature space. Specifically, we associate each novel class with a base class according to their semantic similarity. After that, the feature space of a novel class can readily imitate the well-trained feature space of the associated base class. 2) In the discrimination step, to ensure the separability between the novel classes and associated base classes, we disentangle the classification branches for base and novel classes. To further enlarge the inter-class separability between all classes, a set-specialized margin loss is imposed. Extensive experiments on Pascal VOC and MS-COCO datasets demonstrate FADI achieves new SOTA performance, significantly improving the baseline in any shot/split by +18.7. Notably, the advantage is most announced on extremely few-shot scenarios.      
### 43.Modeling Temporal Concept Receptive Field Dynamically for Untrimmed Video Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11653.pdf)
>  Event analysis in untrimmed videos has attracted increasing attention due to the application of cutting-edge techniques such as CNN. As a well studied property for CNN-based models, the receptive field is a measurement for measuring the spatial range covered by a single feature response, which is crucial in improving the image categorization accuracy. In video domain, video event semantics are actually described by complex interaction among different concepts, while their behaviors vary drastically from one video to another, leading to the difficulty in concept-based analytics for accurate event categorization. To model the concept behavior, we study temporal concept receptive field of concept-based event representation, which encodes the temporal occurrence pattern of different mid-level concepts. Accordingly, we introduce temporal dynamic convolution (TDC) to give stronger flexibility to concept-based event analytics. TDC can adjust the temporal concept receptive field size dynamically according to different inputs. Notably, a set of coefficients are learned to fuse the results of multiple convolutions with different kernel widths that provide various temporal concept receptive field sizes. Different coefficients can generate appropriate and accurate temporal concept receptive field size according to input videos and highlight crucial concepts. Based on TDC, we propose the temporal dynamic concept modeling network (TDCMN) to learn an accurate and complete concept representation for efficient untrimmed video analysis. Experiment results on FCVID and ActivityNet show that TDCMN demonstrates adaptive event recognition ability conditioned on different inputs, and improve the event recognition performance of Concept-based methods by a large margin. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/qzhb/TDCMN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.CytoImageNet: A large-scale pretraining dataset for bioimage transfer learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11646.pdf)
>  Motivation: In recent years, image-based biological assays have steadily become high-throughput, sparking a need for fast automated methods to extract biologically-meaningful information from hundreds of thousands of images. Taking inspiration from the success of ImageNet, we curate CytoImageNet, a large-scale dataset of openly-sourced and weakly-labeled microscopy images (890K images, 894 classes). Pretraining on CytoImageNet yields features that are competitive to ImageNet features on downstream microscopy classification tasks. We show evidence that CytoImageNet features capture information not available in ImageNet-trained features. The dataset is made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.kaggle.com/stanleyhua/cytoimagenet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.Self-Regulated Learning for Egocentric Video Activity Anticipation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11631.pdf)
>  Future activity anticipation is a challenging problem in egocentric vision. As a standard future activity anticipation paradigm, recursive sequence prediction suffers from the accumulation of errors. To address this problem, we propose a simple and effective Self-Regulated Learning framework, which aims to regulate the intermediate representation consecutively to produce representation that (a) emphasizes the novel information in the frame of the current time-stamp in contrast to previously observed content, and (b) reflects its correlation with previously observed frames. The former is achieved by minimizing a contrastive loss, and the latter can be achieved by a dynamic reweighing mechanism to attend to informative frames in the observed content with a similarity comparison between feature of the current frame and observed frames. The learned final video representation can be further enhanced by multi-task learning which performs joint feature learning on the target activity labels and the automatically detected action and object class tokens. SRL sharply outperforms existing state-of-the-art in most cases on two egocentric video datasets and two third-person video datasets. Its effectiveness is also verified by the experimental fact that the action and object concepts that support the activity semantics can be accurately identified.      
### 46.Uncertainty-Aware Deep Co-training for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11629.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning has made significant strides in the medical domain since it alleviates the heavy burden of collecting abundant pixel-wise annotated data for semantic segmentation tasks. Existing semi-supervised approaches enhance the ability to extract features from unlabeled data with prior knowledge obtained from limited labeled data. However, due to the scarcity of labeled data, the features extracted by the models are limited in supervised learning, and the quality of predictions for unlabeled data also cannot be guaranteed. Both will impede consistency training. To this end, we proposed a novel uncertainty-aware scheme to make models learn regions purposefully. Specifically, we employ Monte Carlo Sampling as an estimation method to attain an uncertainty map, which can serve as a weight for losses to force the models to focus on the valuable region according to the characteristics of supervised learning and unsupervised learning. Simultaneously, in the backward process, we joint unsupervised and supervised losses to accelerate the convergence of the network via enhancing the gradient flow between different tasks. Quantitatively, we conduct extensive experiments on three challenging medical datasets. Experimental results show desirable improvements to state-of-the-art counterparts.      
### 47.Learning Dynamic Compact Memory Embedding for Deformable Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11625.pdf)
>  Recently, template-based trackers have become the leading tracking algorithms with promising performance in terms of efficiency and accuracy. However, the correlation operation between query feature and the given template only exploits accurate target localization, leading to state estimation error especially when the target suffers from severe deformable variations. To address this issue, segmentation-based trackers have been proposed that employ per-pixel matching to improve the tracking performance of deformable objects effectively. However, most of existing trackers only refer to the target features in the initial frame, thereby lacking the discriminative capacity to handle challenging factors, e.g., similar distractors, background clutter, appearance change, etc. To this end, we propose a dynamic compact memory embedding to enhance the discrimination of the segmentation-based deformable visual tracking method. Specifically, we initialize a memory embedding with the target features in the first frame. During the tracking process, the current target features that have high correlation with existing memory are updated to the memory embedding online. To further improve the segmentation accuracy for deformable objects, we employ a point-to-global matching strategy to measure the correlation between the pixel-wise query features and the whole template, so as to capture more detailed deformation information. Extensive evaluations on six challenging tracking benchmarks including VOT2016, VOT2018, VOT2019, GOT-10K, TrackingNet, and LaSOT demonstrate the superiority of our method over recent remarkable trackers. Besides, our method outperforms the excellent segmentation-based trackers, i.e., D3S and SiamMask on DAVIS2017 benchmark.      
### 48.Using mixup as regularization and tuning hyper-parameters for ResNets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11616.pdf)
>  While novel computer vision architectures are gaining traction, the impact of model architectures is often related to changes or exploring in training methods. Identity mapping-based architectures ResNets and DenseNets have promised path-breaking results in the image classification task and are go-to methods for even now if the data given is fairly limited. Considering the ease of training with limited resources this work revisits the ResNets and improves the ResNet50 \cite{resnets} by using mixup data-augmentation as regularization and tuning the hyper-parameters.      
### 49.PointCrack3D: Crack Detection in Unstructured Environments using a 3D-Point-Cloud-Based Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11615.pdf)
>  Surface cracks on buildings, natural walls and underground mine tunnels can indicate serious structural integrity issues that threaten the safety of the structure and people in the environment. Timely detection and monitoring of cracks are crucial to managing these risks, especially if the systems can be made highly automated through robots. Vision-based crack detection algorithms using deep neural networks have exhibited promise for structured surfaces such as walls or civil engineering tunnels, but little work has addressed highly unstructured environments such as rock cliffs and bare mining tunnels. To address this challenge, this paper presents PointCrack3D, a new 3D-point-cloud-based crack detection algorithm for unstructured surfaces. The method comprises three key components: an adaptive down-sampling method that maintains sufficient crack point density, a DNN that classifies each point as crack or non-crack, and a post-processing clustering method that groups crack points into crack instances. The method was validated experimentally on a new large natural rock dataset, comprising coloured LIDAR point clouds spanning more than 900 m^2 and 412 individual cracks. Results demonstrate a crack detection rate of 97% overall and 100% for cracks with a maximum width of more than 3 cm, significantly outperforming the state of the art. Furthermore, for cross-validation, PointCrack3D was applied to an entirely new dataset acquired in different locations and not used at all in training and shown to detect 100% of its crack instances. We also characterise the relationship between detection performance, crack width and number of points per crack, providing a foundation upon which to make decisions about both practical deployments and future research directions.      
### 50.Simultaneous face detection and 360 degree headpose estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11604.pdf)
>  With many practical applications in human life, including manufacturing surveillance cameras, analyzing and processing customer behavior, many researchers are noticing face detection and head pose estimation on digital images. A large number of proposed deep learning models have state-of-the-art accuracy such as YOLO, SSD, MTCNN, solving the problem of face detection or HopeNet, FSA-Net, RankPose model used for head pose estimation problem. According to many state-of-the-art methods, the pipeline of this task consists of two parts, from face detection to head pose estimation. These two steps are completely independent and do not share information. This makes the model clear in setup but does not leverage most of the featured resources extracted in each model. In this paper, we proposed the Multitask-Net model with the motivation to leverage the features extracted from the face detection model, sharing them with the head pose estimation branch to improve accuracy. Also, with the variety of data, the Euler angle domain representing the face is large, our model can predict with results in the 360 Euler angle domain. Applying the multitask learning method, the Multitask-Net model can simultaneously predict the position and direction of the human head. To increase the ability to predict the head direction of the model, we change there presentation of the human face from the Euler angle to vectors of the Rotation matrix.      
### 51.Semi-Supervised Learning with Taxonomic Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11595.pdf)
>  We propose techniques to incorporate coarse taxonomic labels to train image classifiers in fine-grained domains. Such labels can often be obtained with a smaller effort for fine-grained domains such as the natural world where categories are organized according to a biological taxonomy. On the Semi-iNat dataset consisting of 810 species across three Kingdoms, incorporating Phylum labels improves the Species level classification accuracy by 6% in a transfer learning setting using ImageNet pre-trained models. Incorporating the hierarchical label structure with a state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning algorithm called FixMatch improves the performance further by 1.3%. The relative gains are larger when detailed labels such as Class or Order are provided, or when models are trained from scratch. However, we find that most methods are not robust to the presence of out-of-domain data from novel classes. We propose a technique to select relevant data from a large collection of unlabeled images guided by the hierarchy which improves the robustness. Overall, our experiments show that semi-supervised learning with coarse taxonomic labels are practical for training classifiers in fine-grained domains.      
### 52.Efficient Video Transformers with Spatial-Temporal Token Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11591.pdf)
>  Video transformers have achieved impressive results on major video recognition benchmarks, however they suffer from high computational cost. In this paper, we present STTS, a token selection framework that dynamically selects a few informative tokens in both temporal and spatial dimensions conditioned on input video samples. Specifically, we formulate token selection as a ranking problem, which estimates the importance of each token through a lightweight selection network and only those with top scores will be used for downstream evaluation. In the temporal dimension, we keep the frames that are most relevant for recognizing action categories, while in the spatial dimension, we identify the most discriminative region in feature maps without affecting spatial context used in a hierarchical way in most video transformers. Since the decision of token selection is non-differentiable, we employ a perturbed-maximum based differentiable Top-K operator for end-to-end training. We conduct extensive experiments on Kinetics-400 with a recently introduced video transformer backbone, MViT. Our framework achieves similar results while requiring 20% less computation. We also demonstrate that our approach is compatible with other transformer architectures.      
### 53.Generative Adversarial Networks for Astronomical Images Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11578.pdf)
>  Space exploration has always been a source of inspiration for humankind, and thanks to modern telescopes, it is now possible to observe celestial bodies far away from us. With a growing number of real and imaginary images of space available on the web and exploiting modern deep Learning architectures such as Generative Adversarial Networks, it is now possible to generate new representations of space. In this research, using a Lightweight GAN, a dataset of images obtained from the web, and the Galaxy Zoo Dataset, we have generated thousands of new images of celestial bodies, galaxies, and finally, by combining them, a wide view of the universe. The code for reproducing our results is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/davide-coccomini/GAN-Universe" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, and the generated images can be explored at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://davide-coccomini.github.io/GAN-Universe/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.ATLANTIS: A Benchmark for Semantic Segmentation of Waterbody Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11567.pdf)
>  Vision-based semantic segmentation of waterbodies and nearby related objects provides important information for managing water resources and handling flooding emergency. However, the lack of large-scale labeled training and testing datasets for water-related categories prevents researchers from studying water-related issues in the computer vision field. To tackle this problem, we present ATLANTIS, a new benchmark for semantic segmentation of waterbodies and related objects. ATLANTIS consists of 5,195 images of waterbodies, as well as high quality pixel-level manual annotations of 56 classes of objects, including 17 classes of man-made objects, 18 classes of natural objects and 21 general classes. We analyze ATLANTIS in detail and evaluate several state-of-the-art semantic segmentation networks on our benchmark. In addition, a novel deep neural network, AQUANet, is developed for waterbody semantic segmentation by processing the aquatic and non-aquatic regions in two different paths. AQUANet also incorporates low-level feature modulation and cross-path modulation for enhancing feature representation. Experimental results show that the proposed AQUANet outperforms other state-of-the-art semantic segmentation networks on ATLANTIS. We claim that ATLANTIS is the largest waterbody image dataset for semantic segmentation providing a wide range of water and water-related classes and it will benefit researchers of both computer vision and water resources engineering.      
### 55.Camera Measurement of Physiological Vital Signs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11547.pdf)
>  The need for remote tools for healthcare monitoring has never been more apparent. Camera measurement of vital signs leverages imaging devices to compute physiological changes by analyzing images of the human body. Building on advances in optics, machine learning, computer vision and medicine these techniques have progressed significantly since the invention of digital cameras. This paper presents a comprehensive survey of camera measurement of physiological vital signs, describing they vital signs that can be measured and the computational techniques for doing so. I cover both clinical and non-clinical applications and the challenges that need to be overcome for these applications to advance from proofs-of-concept. Finally, I describe the current resources (datasets and code) available to the research community and provide a comprehensive webpage (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://cameravitals.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) with links to these resource and a categorized list of all the papers referenced in this article.      
### 56.REPLICA: Enhanced Feature Pyramid Network by Local Image Translation and Conjunct Attention for High-Resolution Breast Tumor Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11546.pdf)
>  We introduce an improvement to the feature pyramid network of standard object detection models. We call our method enhanced featuRE Pyramid network by Local Image translation and Conjunct Attention, or REPLICA. REPLICA improves object detection performance by simultaneously (1) generating realistic but fake images with simulated objects to mitigate the data-hungry problem of the attention mechanism, and (2) advancing the detection model architecture through a novel modification of attention on image feature patches. Specifically, we use a convolutional autoencoder as a generator to create new images by injecting objects into images via local interpolation and reconstruction of their features extracted in hidden layers. Then due to the larger number of simulated images, we use a visual transformer to enhance outputs of each ResNet layer that serve as inputs to a feature pyramid network. We apply our methodology to the problem of detecting lesions in Digital Breast Tomosynthesis scans (DBT), a high-resolution medical imaging modality crucial in breast cancer screening. We demonstrate qualitatively and quantitatively that REPLICA can improve the accuracy of tumor detection using our enhanced standard object detection framework via experimental results.      
### 57.Ice hockey player identification via transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11535.pdf)
>  Identifying players in video is a foundational step in computer vision-based sports analytics. Obtaining player identities is essential for analyzing the game and is used in downstream tasks such as game event recognition. Transformers are the existing standard in Natural Language Processing (NLP) and are swiftly gaining traction in computer vision. Motivated by the increasing success of transformers in computer vision, in this paper, we introduce a transformer network for recognizing players through their jersey numbers in broadcast National Hockey League (NHL) videos. The transformer takes temporal sequences of player frames (also called player tracklets) as input and outputs the probabilities of jersey numbers present in the frames. The proposed network performs better than the previous benchmark on the dataset used. We implement a weakly-supervised training approach by generating approximate frame-level labels for jersey number presence and use the frame-level labels for faster training. We also utilize player shifts available in the NHL play-by-play data by reading the game time using optical character recognition (OCR) to get the players on the ice rink at a certain game time. Using player shifts improved the player identification accuracy by 6%.      
### 58.Image Based Reconstruction of Liquids from 2D Surface Detections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11491.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a solution to the challenging problem of reconstructing liquids from image data. The challenges in reconstructing liquids, which is not faced in previous reconstruction works on rigid and deforming surfaces, lies in the inability to use depth sensing and color features due the variable index of refraction, opacity, and environmental reflections. Therefore, we limit ourselves to only surface detections (i.e. binary mask) of liquids as observations and do not assume any prior knowledge on the liquids properties. A novel optimization problem is posed which reconstructs the liquid as particles by minimizing the error between a rendered surface from the particles and the surface detections while satisfying liquid constraints. Our solvers to this optimization problem are presented and no training data is required to apply them. We also propose a dynamic prediction to seed the reconstruction optimization from the previous time-step. We test our proposed methods in simulation and on two new liquid datasets which we open source so the broader research community can continue developing in this under explored area.      
### 59.Real-time ground filtering algorithm of cloud points acquired using Terrestrial Laser Scanner (TLS)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11481.pdf)
>  3D modeling based on point clouds requires ground-filtering algorithms that separate ground from non-ground objects. This study presents two ground filtering algorithms. The first one is based on normal vectors. It has two variants depending on the procedure to compute the k-nearest neighbors. The second algorithm is based on transforming the cloud points into a voxel structure. To evaluate them, the two algorithms are compared according to their execution time, effectiveness and efficiency. Results show that the ground filtering algorithm based on the voxel structure is faster in terms of execution time, effectiveness, and efficiency than the normal vector ground filtering.      
### 60.VISTA 2.0: An Open, Data-driven Simulator for Multimodal Sensing and Policy Learning for Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12083.pdf)
>  Simulation has the potential to transform the development of robust algorithms for mobile agents deployed in safety-critical scenarios. However, the poor photorealism and lack of diverse sensor modalities of existing simulation engines remain key hurdles towards realizing this potential. Here, we present VISTA, an open source, data-driven simulator that integrates multiple types of sensors for autonomous vehicles. Using high fidelity, real-world datasets, VISTA represents and simulates RGB cameras, 3D LiDAR, and event-based cameras, enabling the rapid generation of novel viewpoints in simulation and thereby enriching the data available for policy learning with corner cases that are difficult to capture in the physical world. Using VISTA, we demonstrate the ability to train and test perception-to-control policies across each of the sensor types and showcase the power of this approach via deployment on a full scale autonomous vehicle. The policies learned in VISTA exhibit sim-to-real transfer without modification and greater robustness than those trained exclusively on real-world data.      
### 61.DABS: A Domain-Agnostic Benchmark for Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12062.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning algorithms, including BERT and SimCLR, have enabled significant strides in fields like natural language processing, computer vision, and speech processing. However, these algorithms are domain-specific, meaning that new self-supervised learning algorithms must be developed for each new setting, including myriad healthcare, scientific, and multimodal domains. To catalyze progress toward domain-agnostic methods, we introduce DABS: a Domain-Agnostic Benchmark for Self-supervised learning. To perform well on DABS, an algorithm is evaluated on seven diverse domains: natural images, multichannel sensor data, English text, speech recordings, multilingual text, chest x-rays, and images with text descriptions. Each domain contains an unlabeled dataset for pretraining; the model is then is scored based on its downstream performance on a set of labeled tasks in the domain. We also present e-Mix and ShED: two baseline domain-agnostic algorithms; their relatively modest performance demonstrates that significant progress is needed before self-supervised learning is an out-of-the-box solution for arbitrary domains. Code for benchmark datasets and baseline algorithms is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alextamkin/dabs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 62.Is Deep Image Prior in Need of a Good Education?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11926.pdf)
>  Deep image prior was recently introduced as an effective prior for image reconstruction. It represents the image to be recovered as the output of a deep convolutional neural network, and learns the network's parameters such that the output fits the corrupted observation. Despite its impressive reconstructive properties, the approach is slow when compared to learned or traditional reconstruction techniques. Our work develops a two-stage learning paradigm to address the computational challenge: (i) we perform a supervised pretraining of the network on a synthetic dataset; (ii) we fine-tune the network's parameters to adapt to the target reconstruction. We showcase that pretraining considerably speeds up the subsequent reconstruction from real-measured micro computed tomography data of biological specimens. The code and additional experimental materials are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://educateddip.github.io/docs.educated_deep_image_prior/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.Extending the Unmixing methods to Multispectral Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11893.pdf)
>  In the past few decades, there has been intensive research concerning the Unmixing of hyperspectral images. Some methods such as NMF, VCA, and N-FINDR have become standards since they show robustness in dealing with the unmixing of hyperspectral images. However, the research concerning the unmixing of multispectral images is relatively scarce. Thus, we extend some unmixing methods to the multispectral images. In this paper, we have created two simulated multispectral datasets from two hyperspectral datasets whose ground truths are given. Then we apply the unmixing methods (VCA, NMF, N-FINDR) to these two datasets. By comparing and analyzing the results, we have been able to demonstrate some interesting results for the utilization of VCA, NMF, and N-FINDR with multispectral datasets. Besides, this also demonstrates the possibilities in extending these unmixing methods to the field of multispectral imaging.      
### 64.Deformable Image Registration with Deep Network Priors: a Study on Longitudinal PET Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11873.pdf)
>  Longitudinal image registration is challenging and has not yet benefited from major performance improvements thanks to deep-learning. Inspired by Deep Image Prior, this paper introduces a different use of deep architectures as regularizers to tackle the image registration question. We propose a subject-specific deformable registration method called MIRRBA, relying on a deep pyramidal architecture to be the prior parametric model constraining the deformation field. Diverging from the supervised learning paradigm, MIRRBA does not require a learning database, but only the pair of images to be registered to optimize the network's parameters and provide a deformation field. We demonstrate the regularizing power of deep architectures and present new elements to understand the role of the architecture in deep learning methods for registration. Hence, to study the impact of the network parameters, we ran our method with different architectural configurations on a private dataset of 110 metastatic breast cancer full-body PET images with manual segmentations of the brain, bladder and metastatic lesions. We compared it against conventional iterative registration approaches and supervised deep learning-based models. Global and local registration accuracies were evaluated using the detection rate and the Dice score respectively, while registration realism was evaluated using the Jacobian's determinant. Moreover, we computed the ability of the different methods to shrink vanishing lesions with the disappearing rate. MIRRBA significantly improves the organ and lesion Dice scores of supervised models. Regarding the disappearing rate, MIRRBA more than doubles the best performing conventional approach SyNCC score. Our work therefore proposes an alternative way to bridge the performance gap between conventional and deep learning-based methods and demonstrates the regularizing power of deep architectures.      
### 65.Variance Reduction in Deep Learning: More Momentum is All You Need  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11828.pdf)
>  Variance reduction (VR) techniques have contributed significantly to accelerating learning with massive datasets in the smooth and strongly convex setting (Schmidt et al., 2017; Johnson &amp; Zhang, 2013; Roux et al., 2012). However, such techniques have not yet met the same success in the realm of large-scale deep learning due to various factors such as the use of data augmentation or regularization methods like dropout (Defazio &amp; Bottou, 2019). This challenge has recently motivated the design of novel variance reduction techniques tailored explicitly for deep learning (Arnold et al., 2019; Ma &amp; Yarats, 2018). This work is an additional step in this direction. In particular, we exploit the ubiquitous clustering structure of rich datasets used in deep learning to design a family of scalable variance reduced optimization procedures by combining existing optimizers (e.g., SGD+Momentum, Quasi Hyperbolic Momentum, Implicit Gradient Transport) with a multi-momentum strategy (Yuan et al., 2019). Our proposal leads to faster convergence than vanilla methods on standard benchmark datasets (e.g., CIFAR and ImageNet). It is robust to label noise and amenable to distributed optimization. We provide a parallel implementation in JAX.      
### 66.RadFusion: Benchmarking Performance and Fairness for Multimodal Pulmonary Embolism Detection from CT and EHR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11665.pdf)
>  Despite the routine use of electronic health record (EHR) data by radiologists to contextualize clinical history and inform image interpretation, the majority of deep learning architectures for medical imaging are unimodal, i.e., they only learn features from pixel-level information. Recent research revealing how race can be recovered from pixel data alone highlights the potential for serious biases in models which fail to account for demographics and other key patient attributes. Yet the lack of imaging datasets which capture clinical context, inclusive of demographics and longitudinal medical history, has left multimodal medical imaging underexplored. To better assess these challenges, we present RadFusion, a multimodal, benchmark dataset of 1794 patients with corresponding EHR data and high-resolution computed tomography (CT) scans labeled for pulmonary embolism. We evaluate several representative multimodal fusion models and benchmark their fairness properties across protected subgroups, e.g., gender, race/ethnicity, age. Our results suggest that integrating imaging and EHR data can improve classification performance and robustness without introducing large disparities in the true positive rate between population groups.      
### 67.The RETA Benchmark for Retinal Vascular Tree Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11658.pdf)
>  Topological and geometrical analysis of retinal blood vessel is a cost-effective way for early detection of many common diseases. Meanwhile, automated vessel segmentation and vascular tree analysis are still lacking in terms of generalization capability. In this work, we construct a novel benchmark RETA with 81 labeled vessel masks aiming to facilitate retinal vessel analysis. A semi-automated coarse-to-fine workflow is proposed to annotating vessel pixels. During dataset construction, we strived to control inter-annotator variability and intra-annotator variability by performing multi-stage annotation and label disambiguation on self-developed dedicated software. In addition to binary vessel masks, we obtained vessel annotations containing artery/vein masks, vascular skeletons, bifurcations, trees and abnormalities during vessel labelling. Both subjective and objective quality validation of labeled vessel masks have demonstrated significant improved quality over other publicly datasets. The annotation software is also made publicly available for vessel annotation visualization. Users could develop vessel segmentation algorithms or evaluate vessel segmentation performance with our dataset. Moreover, our dataset might be a good research source for cross-modality tubular structure segmentation.      
### 68.CoDiM: Learning with Noisy Labels via Contrastive Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11652.pdf)
>  Labels are costly and sometimes unreliable. Noisy label learning, semi-supervised learning, and contrastive learning are three different strategies for designing learning processes requiring less annotation cost. Semi-supervised learning and contrastive learning have been recently demonstrated to improve learning strategies that address datasets with noisy labels. Still, the inner connections between these fields as well as the potential to combine their strengths together have only started to emerge. In this paper, we explore further ways and advantages to fuse them. Specifically, we propose CSSL, a unified Contrastive Semi-Supervised Learning algorithm, and CoDiM (Contrastive DivideMix), a novel algorithm for learning with noisy labels. CSSL leverages the power of classical semi-supervised learning and contrastive learning technologies and is further adapted to CoDiM, which learns robustly from multiple types and levels of label noise. We show that CoDiM brings consistent improvements and achieves state-of-the-art results on multiple benchmarks.      
### 69.Unsupervised COVID-19 Lesion Segmentation in CT Using Cycle Consistent Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11602.pdf)
>  COVID-19 has become a global pandemic and is still posing a severe health risk to the public. Accurate and efficient segmentation of pneumonia lesions in CT scans is vital for treatment decision-making. We proposed a novel unsupervised approach using cycle consistent generative adversarial network (cycle-GAN) which automates and accelerates the process of lesion delineation. The workflow includes lung volume segmentation, "synthetic" healthy lung generation, infected and healthy image subtraction, and binary lesion mask creation. The lung volume volume was firstly delineated using a pre-trained U-net and worked as the input for the later network. The cycle-GAN was developed to generate synthetic "healthy" lung CT images from infected lung images. After that, the pneumonia lesions are extracted by subtracting the synthetic "healthy" lung CT images from the "infected" lung CT images. A median filter and K-means clustering were then applied to contour the lesions. The auto segmentation approach was validated on two public datasets (Coronacases and Radiopedia). The Dice coefficients reached 0.748 and 0.730, respectively, for the Coronacases and Radiopedia datasets. Meanwhile, the precision and sensitivity for lesion segmentationdetection are 0.813 and 0.735 for the Coronacases dataset, and 0.773 and 0.726 for the Radiopedia dataset. The performance is comparable to existing supervised segmentation networks and outperforms previous unsupervised ones. The proposed unsupervised segmentation method achieved high accuracy and efficiency in automatic COVID-19 lesion delineation. The segmentation result can serve as a baseline for further manual modification and a quality assurance tool for lesion diagnosis. Furthermore, due to its unsupervised nature, the result is not influenced by physicians' experience which otherwise is crucial for supervised methods.      
### 70.Automatic Mapping of the Best-Suited DNN Pruning Schemes for Real-Time Mobile Acceleration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11581.pdf)
>  Weight pruning is an effective model compression technique to tackle the challenges of achieving real-time deep neural network (DNN) inference on mobile devices. However, prior pruning schemes have limited application scenarios due to accuracy degradation, difficulty in leveraging hardware acceleration, and/or restriction on certain types of DNN layers. In this paper, we propose a general, fine-grained structured pruning scheme and corresponding compiler optimizations that are applicable to any type of DNN layer while achieving high accuracy and hardware inference performance. With the flexibility of applying different pruning schemes to different layers enabled by our compiler optimizations, we further probe into the new problem of determining the best-suited pruning scheme considering the different acceleration and accuracy performance of various pruning schemes. Two pruning scheme mapping methods, one is search-based and the other is rule-based, are proposed to automatically derive the best-suited pruning regularity and block size for each layer of any given DNN. Experimental results demonstrate that our pruning scheme mapping methods, together with the general fine-grained structured pruning scheme, outperform the state-of-the-art DNN optimization framework with up to 2.48$\times$ and 1.73$\times$ DNN inference acceleration on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet dataset without accuracy loss.      
### 71.Building Goal-Oriented Dialogue Systems with Situated Visual Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11576.pdf)
>  Most popular goal-oriented dialogue agents are capable of understanding the conversational context. However, with the surge of virtual assistants with screen, the next generation of agents are required to also understand screen context in order to provide a proper interactive experience, and better understand users' goals. In this paper, we propose a novel multimodal conversational framework, where the dialogue agent's next action and their arguments are derived jointly conditioned both on the conversational and the visual context. Specifically, we propose a new model, that can reason over the visual context within a conversation and populate API arguments with visual entities given the user query. Our model can recognize visual features such as color and shape as well as the metadata based features such as price or star rating associated with a visual entity. In order to train our model, due to a lack of suitable multimodal conversational datasets, we also propose a novel multimodal dialog simulator to generate synthetic data and also collect realistic user data from MTurk to improve model robustness. The proposed model achieves a reasonable 85% model accuracy, without high inference latency. We also demonstrate the proposed approach in a prototypical furniture shopping experience for a multimodal virtual assistant.      
### 72.Predicting Osteoarthritis Progression in Radiographs via Unsupervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.11439.pdf)
>  Osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common joint disorder affecting substantial proportions of the global population, primarily the elderly. Despite its individual and socioeconomic burden, the onset and progression of OA can still not be reliably predicted. Aiming to fill this diagnostic gap, we introduce an unsupervised learning scheme based on generative models to predict the future development of OA based on knee joint radiographs. Using longitudinal data from osteoarthritis studies, we explore the latent temporal trajectory to predict a patient's future radiographs up to the eight-year follow-up visit. Our model predicts the risk of progression towards OA and surpasses its supervised counterpart whose input was provided by seven experienced radiologists. With the support of the model, sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value increased significantly from 42.1% to 51.6%, from 72.3% to 88.6%, from 28.4% to 57.6%, and from 83.9% to 88.4%, respectively, while without such support, radiologists performed only slightly better than random guessing. Our predictive model improves predictions on OA onset and progression, despite requiring no human annotation in the training phase.      
