# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 29 Nov 2021
### 1.ManiFest: Manifold Deformation for Few-shot Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13681.pdf)
>  Most image-to-image translation methods require a large number of training images, which restricts their applicability. We instead propose ManiFest: a framework for few-shot image translation that learns a context-aware representation of a target domain from a few images only. To enforce feature consistency, our framework learns a style manifold between source and proxy anchor domains (assumed to be composed of large numbers of images). The learned manifold is interpolated and deformed towards the few-shot target domain via patch-based adversarial and feature statistics alignment losses. All of these components are trained simultaneously during a single end-to-end loop. In addition to the general few-shot translation task, our approach can alternatively be conditioned on a single exemplar image to reproduce its specific style. Extensive experiments demonstrate the efficacy of ManiFest on multiple tasks, outperforming the state-of-the-art on all metrics and in both the general- and exemplar-based scenarios. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cv-rits/Manifest" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 2.GMFlow: Learning Optical Flow via Global Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13680.pdf)
>  Learning-based optical flow estimation has been dominated with the pipeline of cost volume with convolutions for flow regression, which is inherently limited to local correlations and thus is hard to address the long-standing challenge of large displacements. To alleviate this, the state-of-the-art method, i.e., RAFT, gradually improves the quality of its predictions by producing a sequence of flow updates via a large number of iterative refinements, achieving remarkable performance but slowing down the inference speed. To enable both high accuracy and efficiency optical flow estimation, we completely revamp the dominating flow regression pipeline by reformulating optical flow as a global matching problem. Specifically, we propose a GMFlow framework, which consists of three main components: a customized Transformer for feature enhancement, a correlation and softmax layer for global feature matching, and a self-attention layer for flow propagation. Moreover, we further introduce a refinement step that reuses GMFlow at higher-resolutions for residual flow prediction. Our new framework outperforms 32-iteration RAFT's performance on the challenging Sintel benchmark, while using only one refinement and running faster, offering new possibilities for efficient and accurate optical flow estimation. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/haofeixu/gmflow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.NeRF in the Dark: High Dynamic Range View Synthesis from Noisy Raw Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13679.pdf)
>  Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) is a technique for high quality novel view synthesis from a collection of posed input images. Like most view synthesis methods, NeRF uses tonemapped low dynamic range (LDR) as input; these images have been processed by a lossy camera pipeline that smooths detail, clips highlights, and distorts the simple noise distribution of raw sensor data. We modify NeRF to instead train directly on linear raw images, preserving the scene's full dynamic range. By rendering raw output images from the resulting NeRF, we can perform novel high dynamic range (HDR) view synthesis tasks. In addition to changing the camera viewpoint, we can manipulate focus, exposure, and tonemapping after the fact. Although a single raw image appears significantly more noisy than a postprocessed one, we show that NeRF is highly robust to the zero-mean distribution of raw noise. When optimized over many noisy raw inputs (25-200), NeRF produces a scene representation so accurate that its rendered novel views outperform dedicated single and multi-image deep raw denoisers run on the same wide baseline input images. As a result, our method, which we call RawNeRF, can reconstruct scenes from extremely noisy images captured in near-darkness.      
### 4.SWAT: Spatial Structure Within and Among Tokens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13677.pdf)
>  Modeling visual data as tokens (i.e., image patches), and applying attention mechanisms or feed-forward networks on top of them has shown to be highly effective in recent years. The common pipeline in such approaches includes a tokenization method, followed by a set of layers/blocks for information mixing, both within tokens and among tokens. In common practice, image patches are flattened when converted into tokens, discarding the spatial structure within each patch. Next, a module such as multi-head self-attention captures the pairwise relations among the tokens and mixes them. In this paper, we argue that models can have significant gains when spatial structure is preserved in tokenization, and is explicitly used in the mixing stage. We propose two key contributions: (1) Structure-aware Tokenization and, (2) Structure-aware Mixing, both of which can be combined with existing models with minimal effort. We introduce a family of models (SWAT), showing improvements over the likes of DeiT, MLP-Mixer and Swin Transformer, across multiple benchmarks including ImageNet classification and ADE20K segmentation. Our code and models will be released online.      
### 5.Self-supervised Pretraining with Classification Labels for Temporal Activity Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13675.pdf)
>  Temporal Activity Detection aims to predict activity classes per frame, in contrast to video-level predictions as done in Activity Classification (i.e., Activity Recognition). Due to the expensive frame-level annotations required for detection, the scale of detection datasets is limited. Thus, commonly, previous work on temporal activity detection resorts to fine-tuning a classification model pretrained on large-scale classification datasets (e.g., Kinetics-400). However, such pretrained models are not ideal for downstream detection performance due to the disparity between the pretraining and the downstream fine-tuning tasks. This work proposes a novel self-supervised pretraining method for detection leveraging classification labels to mitigate such disparity by introducing frame-level pseudo labels, multi-action frames, and action segments. We show that the models pretrained with the proposed self-supervised detection task outperform prior work on multiple challenging activity detection benchmarks, including Charades and MultiTHUMOS. Our extensive ablations further provide insights on when and how to use the proposed models for activity detection. Code and models will be released online.      
### 6.Neural Fields as Learnable Kernels for 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13674.pdf)
>  We present Neural Kernel Fields: a novel method for reconstructing implicit 3D shapes based on a learned kernel ridge regression. Our technique achieves state-of-the-art results when reconstructing 3D objects and large scenes from sparse oriented points, and can reconstruct shape categories outside the training set with almost no drop in accuracy. The core insight of our approach is that kernel methods are extremely effective for reconstructing shapes when the chosen kernel has an appropriate inductive bias. We thus factor the problem of shape reconstruction into two parts: (1) a backbone neural network which learns kernel parameters from data, and (2) a kernel ridge regression that fits the input points on-the-fly by solving a simple positive definite linear system using the learned kernel. As a result of this factorization, our reconstruction gains the benefits of data-driven methods under sparse point density while maintaining interpolatory behavior, which converges to the ground truth shape as input sampling density increases. Our experiments demonstrate a strong generalization capability to objects outside the train-set category and scanned scenes. Source code and pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nv-tlabs.github.io/nkf" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Mask Transfiner for High-Quality Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13673.pdf)
>  Two-stage and query-based instance segmentation methods have achieved remarkable results. However, their segmented masks are still very coarse. In this paper, we present Mask Transfiner for high-quality and efficient instance segmentation. Instead of operating on regular dense tensors, our Mask Transfiner decomposes and represents the image regions as a quadtree. Our transformer-based approach only processes detected error-prone tree nodes and self-corrects their errors in parallel. While these sparse pixels only constitute a small proportion of the total number, they are critical to the final mask quality. This allows Mask Transfiner to predict highly accurate instance masks, at a low computational cost. Extensive experiments demonstrate that Mask Transfiner outperforms current instance segmentation methods on three popular benchmarks, significantly improving both two-stage and query-based frameworks by a large margin of +3.0 mask AP on COCO and BDD100K, and +6.6 boundary AP on Cityscapes. Our code and trained models will be available at http://vis.xyz/pub/transfiner.      
### 8.Immortal Tracker: Tracklet Never Dies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13672.pdf)
>  Previous online 3D Multi-Object Tracking(3DMOT) methods terminate a tracklet when it is not associated with new detections for a few frames. But if an object just goes dark, like being temporarily occluded by other objects or simply getting out of FOV, terminating a tracklet prematurely will result in an identity switch. We reveal that premature tracklet termination is the main cause of identity switches in modern 3DMOT systems. To address this, we propose Immortal Tracker, a simple tracking system that utilizes trajectory prediction to maintain tracklets for objects gone dark. We employ a simple Kalman filter for trajectory prediction and preserve the tracklet by prediction when the target is not visible. With this method, we can avoid 96% vehicle identity switches resulting from premature tracklet termination. Without any learned parameters, our method achieves a mismatch ratio at the 0.0001 level and competitive MOTA for the vehicle class on the Waymo Open Dataset test set. Our mismatch ratio is tens of times lower than any previously published method. Similar results are reported on nuScenes. We believe the proposed Immortal Tracker can offer a simple yet powerful solution for pushing the limit of 3DMOT. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ImmortalTracker/ImmortalTracker" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.3D shape sensing and deep learning-based segmentation of strawberries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13663.pdf)
>  Automation and robotisation of the agricultural sector are seen as a viable solution to socio-economic challenges faced by this industry. This technology often relies on intelligent perception systems providing information about crops, plants and the entire environment. The challenges faced by traditional 2D vision systems can be addressed by modern 3D vision systems which enable straightforward localisation of objects, size and shape estimation, or handling of occlusions. So far, the use of 3D sensing was mainly limited to indoor or structured environments. In this paper, we evaluate modern sensing technologies including stereo and time-of-flight cameras for 3D perception of shape in agriculture and study their usability for segmenting out soft fruit from background based on their shape. To that end, we propose a novel 3D deep neural network which exploits the organised nature of information originating from the camera-based 3D sensors. We demonstrate the superior performance and efficiency of the proposed architecture compared to the state-of-the-art 3D networks. Through a simulated study, we also show the potential of the 3D sensing paradigm for object segmentation in agriculture and provide insights and analysis of what shape quality is needed and expected for further analysis of crops. The results of this work should encourage researchers and companies to develop more accurate and robust 3D sensing technologies to assure their wider adoption in practical agricultural applications.      
### 10.Towards Low-Cost and Efficient Malaria Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13656.pdf)
>  Malaria, a fatal but curable disease claims hundreds of thousands of lives every year. Early and correct diagnosis is vital to avoid health complexities, however, it depends upon the availability of costly microscopes and trained experts to analyze blood-smear slides. Deep learning-based methods have the potential to not only decrease the burden of experts but also improve diagnostic accuracy on low-cost microscopes. However, this is hampered by the absence of a reasonable size dataset. One of the most challenging aspects is the reluctance of the experts to annotate the dataset at low magnification on low-cost microscopes. We present a dataset to further the research on malaria microscopy over the low-cost microscopes at low magnification. Our large-scale dataset consists of images of blood-smear slides from several malaria-infected patients, collected through microscopes at two different cost spectrums and multiple magnifications. Malarial cells are annotated for the localization and life-stage classification task on the images collected through the high-cost microscope at high magnification. We design a mechanism to transfer these annotations from the high-cost microscope at high magnification to the low-cost microscope, at multiple magnifications. Multiple object detectors and domain adaptation methods are presented as the baselines. Furthermore, a partially supervised domain adaptation method is introduced to adapt the object-detector to work on the images collected from the low-cost microscope. The dataset will be made publicly available after publication.      
### 11.Gradient-SDF: A Semi-Implicit Surface Representation for 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13652.pdf)
>  We present Gradient-SDF, a novel representation for 3D geometry that combines the advantages of implict and explicit representations. By storing at every voxel both the signed distance field as well as its gradient vector field, we enhance the capability of implicit representations with approaches originally formulated for explicit surfaces. As concrete examples, we show that (1) the Gradient-SDF allows us to perform direct SDF tracking from depth images, using efficient storage schemes like hash maps, and that (2) the Gradient-SDF representation enables us to perform photometric bundle adjustment directly in a voxel representation (without transforming into a point cloud or mesh), naturally a fully implicit optimization of geometry and camera poses and easy geometry upsampling. Experimental results confirm that this leads to significantly sharper reconstructions. Since the overall SDF voxel structure is still respected, the proposed Gradient-SDF is equally suited for (GPU) parallelization as related approaches.      
### 12.Contrastive Object-level Pre-training with Spatial Noise Curriculum Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13651.pdf)
>  The goal of contrastive learning based pre-training is to leverage large quantities of unlabeled data to produce a model that can be readily adapted downstream. Current approaches revolve around solving an image discrimination task: given an anchor image, an augmented counterpart of that image, and some other images, the model must produce representations such that the distance between the anchor and its counterpart is small, and the distances between the anchor and the other images are large. There are two significant problems with this approach: (i) by contrasting representations at the image-level, it is hard to generate detailed object-sensitive features that are beneficial to downstream object-level tasks such as instance segmentation; (ii) the augmentation strategy of producing an augmented counterpart is fixed, making learning less effective at the later stages of pre-training. In this work, we introduce Curricular Contrastive Object-level Pre-training (CCOP) to tackle these problems: (i) we use selective search to find rough object regions and use them to build an inter-image object-level contrastive loss and an intra-image object-level discrimination loss into our pre-training objective; (ii) we present a curriculum learning mechanism that adaptively augments the generated regions, which allows the model to consistently acquire a useful learning signal, even in the later stages of pre-training. Our experiments show that our approach improves on the MoCo v2 baseline by a large margin on multiple object-level tasks when pre-training on multi-object scene image datasets. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ChenhongyiYang/CCOP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Adaptive Fourier Neural Operators: Efficient Token Mixers for Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13587.pdf)
>  Vision transformers have delivered tremendous success in representation learning. This is primarily due to effective token mixing through self attention. However, this scales quadratically with the number of pixels, which becomes infeasible for high-resolution inputs. To cope with this challenge, we propose Adaptive Fourier Neural Operator (AFNO) as an efficient token mixer that learns to mix in the Fourier domain. AFNO is based on a principled foundation of operator learning which allows us to frame token mixing as a continuous global convolution without any dependence on the input resolution. This principle was previously used to design FNO, which solves global convolution efficiently in the Fourier domain and has shown promise in learning challenging PDEs. To handle challenges in visual representation learning such as discontinuities in images and high resolution inputs, we propose principled architectural modifications to FNO which results in memory and computational efficiency. This includes imposing a block-diagonal structure on the channel mixing weights, adaptively sharing weights across tokens, and sparsifying the frequency modes via soft-thresholding and shrinkage. The resulting model is highly parallel with a quasi-linear complexity and has linear memory in the sequence size. AFNO outperforms self-attention mechanisms for few-shot segmentation in terms of both efficiency and accuracy. For Cityscapes segmentation with the Segformer-B3 backbone, AFNO can handle a sequence size of 65k and outperforms other efficient self-attention mechanisms.      
### 14.VL-LTR: Learning Class-wise Visual-Linguistic Representation for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13579.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based models encounter challenges when processing long-tailed data in the real world. Existing solutions usually employ some balancing strategies or transfer learning to deal with the class imbalance problem, based on the image modality. In this work, we present a visual-linguistic long-tailed recognition framework, termed VL-LTR, and conduct empirical studies on the benefits of introducing text modality for long-tailed recognition (LTR). Compared to existing approaches, the proposed VL-LTR has the following merits. (1) Our method can not only learn visual representation from images but also learn corresponding linguistic representation from noisy class-level text descriptions collected from the Internet; (2) Our method can effectively use the learned visual-linguistic representation to improve the visual recognition performance, especially for classes with fewer image samples. We also conduct extensive experiments and set the new state-of-the-art performance on widely-used LTR benchmarks. Notably, our method achieves 77.2% overall accuracy on ImageNet-LT, which significantly outperforms the previous best method by over 17 points, and is close to the prevailing performance training on the full ImageNet. Code shall be released.      
### 15.Using Fictitious Class Representations to Boost Discriminative Zero-Shot Learners  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13550.pdf)
>  Focusing on discriminative zero-shot learning, in this work we introduce a novel mechanism that dynamically augments during training the set of seen classes to produce additional fictitious classes. These fictitious classes diminish the model's tendency to fixate during training on attribute correlations that appear in the training set but will not appear in newly exposed classes. The proposed model is tested within the two formulations of the zero-shot learning framework; namely, generalized zero-shot learning (GZSL) and classical zero-shot learning (CZSL). Our model improves the state-of-the-art performance on the CUB dataset and reaches comparable results on the other common datasets, AWA2 and SUN. We investigate the strengths and weaknesses of our method, including the effects of catastrophic forgetting when training an end-to-end zero-shot model.      
### 16.Inside Out Visual Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13546.pdf)
>  Visual Place Recognition (VPR) is generally concerned with localizing outdoor images. However, localizing indoor scenes that contain part of an outdoor scene can be of large value for a wide range of applications. In this paper, we introduce Inside Out Visual Place Recognition (IOVPR), a task aiming to localize images based on outdoor scenes visible through windows. For this task we present the new large-scale dataset Amsterdam-XXXL, with images taken in Amsterdam, that consists of 6.4 million panoramic street-view images and 1000 user-generated indoor queries. Additionally, we introduce a new training protocol Inside Out Data Augmentation to adapt Visual Place Recognition methods for localizing indoor images, demonstrating the potential of Inside Out Visual Place Recognition. We empirically show the benefits of our proposed data augmentation scheme on a smaller scale, whilst demonstrating the difficulty of this large-scale dataset for existing methods. With this new task we aim to encourage development of methods for IOVPR. The dataset and code are available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/saibr/IOVPR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 17.GeoNeRF: Generalizing NeRF with Geometry Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13539.pdf)
>  We present GeoNeRF, a generalizable photorealistic novel view synthesis method based on neural radiance fields. Our approach consists of two main stages: a geometry reasoner and a renderer. To render a novel view, the geometry reasoner first constructs cascaded cost volumes for each nearby source view. Then, using a Transformer-based attention mechanism and the cascaded cost volumes, the renderer infers geometry and appearance, and renders detailed images via classical volume rendering techniques. This architecture, in particular, allows sophisticated occlusion reasoning, gathering information from consistent source views. Moreover, our method can easily be fine-tuned on a single scene, and renders competitive results with per-scene optimized neural rendering methods with a fraction of computational cost. Experiments show that GeoNeRF outperforms state-of-the-art generalizable neural rendering models on various synthetic and real datasets. Lastly, with a slight modification to the geometry reasoner, we also propose an alternative model that adapts to RGBD images. This model directly exploits the depth information often available thanks to depth sensors. The implementation code will be publicly available.      
### 18.Not All Relations are Equal: Mining Informative Labels for Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13517.pdf)
>  Scene graph generation (SGG) aims to capture a wide variety of interactions between pairs of objects, which is essential for full scene understanding. Existing SGG methods trained on the entire set of relations fail to acquire complex reasoning about visual and textual correlations due to various biases in training data. Learning on trivial relations that indicate generic spatial configuration like 'on' instead of informative relations such as 'parked on' does not enforce this complex reasoning, harming generalization. To address this problem, we propose a novel framework for SGG training that exploits relation labels based on their informativeness. Our model-agnostic training procedure imputes missing informative relations for less informative samples in the training data and trains a SGG model on the imputed labels along with existing annotations. We show that this approach can successfully be used in conjunction with state-of-the-art SGG methods and improves their performance significantly in multiple metrics on the standard Visual Genome benchmark. Furthermore, we obtain considerable improvements for unseen triplets in a more challenging zero-shot setting.      
### 19.In-painting Radiography Images for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13495.pdf)
>  We propose space-aware memory queues for in-painting and detecting anomalies from radiography images (abbreviated as SQUID). Radiography imaging protocols focus on particular body regions, therefore producing images of great similarity and yielding recurrent anatomical structures across patients. To exploit this structured information, our SQUID consists of a new Memory Queue and a novel in-painting block in the feature space. We show that SQUID can taxonomize the ingrained anatomical structures into recurrent patterns; and in the inference, SQUID can identify anomalies (unseen/modified patterns) in the image. SQUID surpasses the state of the art in unsupervised anomaly detection by over 5 points on two chest X-ray benchmark datasets. Additionally, we have created a new dataset (DigitAnatomy), which synthesizes the spatial correlation and consistent shape in chest anatomy. We hope DigitAnatomy can prompt the development, evaluation, and interpretability of anomaly detection methods, particularly for radiography imaging.      
### 20.SurfEmb: Dense and Continuous Correspondence Distributions for Object Pose Estimation with Learnt Surface Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13489.pdf)
>  We present an approach to learn dense, continuous 2D-3D correspondence distributions over the surface of objects from data with no prior knowledge of visual ambiguities like symmetry. We also present a new method for 6D pose estimation of rigid objects using the learnt distributions to sample, score and refine pose hypotheses. The correspondence distributions are learnt with a contrastive loss, represented in object-specific latent spaces by an encoder-decoder query model and a small fully connected key model. Our method is unsupervised with respect to visual ambiguities, yet we show that the query- and key models learn to represent accurate multi-modal surface distributions. Our pose estimation method improves the state-of-the-art significantly on the comprehensive BOP Challenge, trained purely on synthetic data, even compared with methods trained on real data. The project site is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://surfemb.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 21.QMagFace: Simple and Accurate Quality-Aware Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13475.pdf)
>  Face recognition systems have to deal with large variabilities (such as different poses, illuminations, and expressions) that might lead to incorrect matching decisions. These variabilities can be measured in terms of face image quality which is defined over the utility of a sample for recognition. Previous works on face recognition either do not employ this valuable information or make use of non-inherently fit quality estimates. In this work, we propose a simple and effective face recognition solution (QMag-Face) that combines a quality-aware comparison score with a recognition model based on a magnitude-aware angular margin loss. The proposed approach includes model-specific face image qualities in the comparison process to enhance the recognition performance under unconstrained circumstances. Exploiting the linearity between the qualities and their comparison scores induced by the utilized loss, our quality-aware comparison function is simple and highly generalizable. The experiments conducted on several face recognition databases and benchmarks demonstrate that the introduced quality-awareness leads to consistent improvements in the recognition performance. Moreover, the proposed QMagFace approach performs especially well under challenging circumstances, such as cross-pose, cross-age, or cross-quality. Consequently, it leads to state-of-the-art performances on several face recognition benchmarks, such as 98.50% on AgeDB, 83.95% on XQLFQ, and 98.74% on CFP-FP. The code for QMagFace is publicly available      
### 22.TDAN: Top-Down Attention Networks for Enhanced Feature Selectivity in CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13470.pdf)
>  Attention modules for Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are an effective method to enhance performance of networks on multiple computer-vision tasks. While many works focus on building more effective modules through appropriate modelling of channel-, spatial- and self-attention, they primarily operate in a feedfoward manner. Consequently, the attention mechanism strongly depends on the representational capacity of a single input feature activation, and can benefit from incorporation of semantically richer higher-level activations that can specify "what and where to look" through top-down information flow. Such feedback connections are also prevalent in the primate visual cortex and recognized by neuroscientists as a key component in primate visual attention. <br>Accordingly, in this work, we propose a lightweight top-down (TD) attention module that iteratively generates a "visual searchlight" to perform top-down channel and spatial modulation of its inputs and consequently outputs more selective feature activations at each computation step. Our experiments indicate that integrating TD in CNNs enhances their performance on ImageNet-1k classification and outperforms prominent attention modules while being more parameter and memory efficient. Further, our models are more robust to changes in input resolution during inference and learn to "shift attention" by localizing individual objects or features at each computation step without any explicit supervision. This capability results in 5% improvement for ResNet50 on weakly-supervised object localization besides improvements in fine-grained and multi-label classification.      
### 23.Morphology Decoder: A Machine Learning Guided 3D Vision Quantifying Heterogenous Rock Permeability for Planetary Surveillance and Robotic Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13460.pdf)
>  Permeability has a dominant influence on the flow properties of a natural fluid. Lattice Boltzmann simulator determines permeability from the nano and micropore network. The simulator holds millions of flow dynamics calculations with its accumulated errors and high consumption of computing power. To efficiently and consistently predict permeability, we propose a morphology decoder, a parallel and serial flow reconstruction of machine learning segmented heterogeneous Cretaceous texture from 3D micro computerized tomography and nuclear magnetic resonance images. For 3D vision, we introduce controllable-measurable-volume as new supervised segmentation, in which a unique set of voxel intensity corresponds to grain and pore throat sizes. The morphology decoder demarks and aggregates the morphologies boundaries in a novel way to produce permeability. Morphology decoder method consists of five novel processes, which describes in this paper, these novel processes are: (1) Geometrical 3D Permeability, (2) Machine Learning guided 3D Properties Recognition of Rock Morphology, (3) 3D Image Properties Integration Model for Permeability, (4) MRI Permeability Imager, and (5) Morphology Decoder (the process that integrates the other four novel processes).      
### 24.How Well Do Sparse Imagenet Models Transfer?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13445.pdf)
>  Transfer learning is a classic paradigm by which models pretrained on large "upstream" datasets are adapted to yield good results on "downstream," specialized datasets. Generally, it is understood that more accurate models on the "upstream" dataset will provide better transfer accuracy "downstream". In this work, we perform an in-depth investigation of this phenomenon in the context of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) trained on the ImageNet dataset, which have been pruned - that is, compressed by sparsifiying their connections. Specifically, we consider transfer using unstructured pruned models obtained by applying several state-of-the-art pruning methods, including magnitude-based, second-order, re-growth and regularization approaches, in the context of twelve standard transfer tasks. In a nutshell, our study shows that sparse models can match or even outperform the transfer performance of dense models, even at high sparsities, and, while doing so, can lead to significant inference and even training speedups. At the same time, we observe and analyze significant differences in the behaviour of different pruning methods.      
### 25.Towards Explainable End-to-End Prostate Cancer Relapse Prediction from H&amp;E Images Combining Self-Attention Multiple Instance Learning with a Recurrent Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13439.pdf)
>  Clinical decision support for histopathology image data mainly focuses on strongly supervised annotations, which offers intuitive interpretability, but is bound by expert performance. Here, we propose an explainable cancer relapse prediction network (eCaReNet) and show that end-to-end learning without strong annotations offers state-of-the-art performance while interpretability can be included through an attention mechanism. On the use case of prostate cancer survival prediction, using 14,479 images and only relapse times as annotations, we reach a cumulative dynamic AUC of 0.78 on a validation set, being on par with an expert pathologist (and an AUC of 0.77 on a separate test set). Our model is well-calibrated and outputs survival curves as well as a risk score and group per patient. Making use of the attention weights of a multiple instance learning layer, we show that malignant patches have a higher influence on the prediction than benign patches, thus offering an intuitive interpretation of the prediction. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.github.com/imsb-uke/ecarenet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 26.ContIG: Self-supervised Multimodal Contrastive Learning for Medical Imaging with Genetics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13424.pdf)
>  High annotation costs are a substantial bottleneck in applying modern deep learning architectures to clinically relevant medical use cases, substantiating the need for novel algorithms to learn from unlabeled data. In this work, we propose ContIG, a self-supervised method that can learn from large datasets of unlabeled medical images and genetic data. Our approach aligns images and several genetic modalities in the feature space using a contrastive loss. We design our method to integrate multiple modalities of each individual person in the same model end-to-end, even when the available modalities vary across individuals. Our procedure outperforms state-of-the-art self-supervised methods on all evaluated downstream benchmark tasks. We also adapt gradient-based explainability algorithms to better understand the learned cross-modal associations between the images and genetic modalities. Finally, we perform genome-wide association studies on the features learned by our models, uncovering interesting relationships between images and genetic data.      
### 27.Modeling Human Preference and Stochastic Error for Medical Image Segmentation with Multiple Annotators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13410.pdf)
>  Manual annotation of medical images is highly subjective, leading to inevitable and huge annotation biases. Deep learning models may surpass human performance on a variety of tasks, but they may also mimic or amplify these biases. Although we can have multiple annotators and fuse their annotations to reduce stochastic errors, we cannot use this strategy to handle the bias caused by annotators' preferences. In this paper, we highlight the issue of annotator-related biases on medical image segmentation tasks, and propose a Preference-involved Annotation Distribution Learning (PADL) framework to address it from the perspective of disentangling an annotator's preference from stochastic errors using distribution learning so as to produce not only a meta segmentation but also the segmentation possibly made by each annotator. Under this framework, a stochastic error modeling (SEM) module estimates the meta segmentation map and average stochastic error map, and a series of human preference modeling (HPM) modules estimate each annotator's segmentation and the corresponding stochastic error. We evaluated our PADL framework on two medical image benchmarks with different imaging modalities, which have been annotated by multiple medical professionals, and achieved promising performance on all five medical image segmentation tasks.      
### 28.Reinforcement Explanation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13406.pdf)
>  Deep Learning has become overly complicated and has enjoyed stellar success in solving several classical problems like image classification, object detection, etc. Several methods for explaining these decisions have been proposed. Black-box methods to generate saliency maps are particularly interesting due to the fact that they do not utilize the internals of the model to explain the decision. Most black-box methods perturb the input and observe the changes in the output. We formulate saliency map generation as a sequential search problem and leverage upon Reinforcement Learning (RL) to accumulate evidence from input images that most strongly support decisions made by a classifier. Such a strategy encourages to search intelligently for the perturbations that will lead to high-quality explanations. While successful black box explanation approaches need to rely on heavy computations and suffer from small sample approximation, the deterministic policy learned by our method makes it a lot more efficient during the inference. Experiments on three benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed approach in inference time over state-of-the-arts without hurting the performance. Project Page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://cvir.github.io/projects/rexl.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 29.POEM: 1-bit Point-wise Operations based on Expectation-Maximization for Efficient Point Cloud Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13386.pdf)
>  Real-time point cloud processing is fundamental for lots of computer vision tasks, while still challenged by the computational problem on resource-limited edge devices. To address this issue, we implement XNOR-Net-based binary neural networks (BNNs) for an efficient point cloud processing, but its performance is severely suffered due to two main drawbacks, Gaussian-distributed weights and non-learnable scale factor. In this paper, we introduce point-wise operations based on Expectation-Maximization (POEM) into BNNs for efficient point cloud processing. The EM algorithm can efficiently constrain weights for a robust bi-modal distribution. We lead a well-designed reconstruction loss to calculate learnable scale factors to enhance the representation capacity of 1-bit fully-connected (Bi-FC) layers. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our POEM surpasses existing the state-of-the-art binary point cloud networks by a significant margin, up to 6.7 %.      
### 30.PicArrange -- Visually Sort, Search, and Explore Private Images on a Mac Computer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13363.pdf)
>  The native macOS application PicArrange integrates state-of-the-art image sorting and similarity search to enable users to get a better overview of their images. Many file and image management features have been added to make it a tool that addresses a full image management workflow. A modification of the Self Sorting Map algorithm enables a list-like image arrangement without loosing the visual sorting. Efficient calculation and storage of visual features as well as the use of many macOS APIs result in an application that is fluid to use.      
### 31.Data Invariants to Understand Unsupervised Out-of-Distribution Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13362.pdf)
>  Unsupervised out-of-distribution (U-OOD) detection has recently attracted much attention due its importance in mission-critical systems and broader applicability over its supervised counterpart. Despite this increase in attention, U-OOD methods suffer from important shortcomings. By performing a large-scale evaluation on different benchmarks and image modalities, we show in this work that most popular state-of-the-art methods are unable to consistently outperform a simple and relatively unknown anomaly detector based on the Mahalanobis distance (MahaAD). A key reason for the inconsistencies of these methods is the lack of a formal description of U-OOD. Motivated by a simple thought experiment, we propose a characterization of U-OOD based on the invariants of the training dataset. We show how this characterization is unknowingly embodied in the top-scoring MahaAD method, thereby explaining its quality. Furthermore, our approach can be used to interpret predictions of U-OOD detectors and provides insights into good practices for evaluating future U-OOD methods.      
### 32.Neural Collaborative Graph Machines for Table Structure Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13359.pdf)
>  Recently, table structure recognition has achieved impressive progress with the help of deep graph models. Most of them exploit single visual cues of tabular elements or simply combine visual cues with other modalities via early fusion to reason their graph relationships. However, neither early fusion nor individually reasoning in terms of multiple modalities can be appropriate for all varieties of table structures with great diversity. Instead, different modalities are expected to collaborate with each other in different patterns for different table cases. In the community, the importance of intra-inter modality interactions for table structure reasoning is still unexplored. In this paper, we define it as heterogeneous table structure recognition (Hetero-TSR) problem. With the aim of filling this gap, we present a novel Neural Collaborative Graph Machines (NCGM) equipped with stacked collaborative blocks, which alternatively extracts intra-modality context and models inter-modality interactions in a hierarchical way. It can represent the intra-inter modality relationships of tabular elements more robustly, which significantly improves the recognition performance. We also show that the proposed NCGM can modulate collaborative pattern of different modalities conditioned on the context of intra-modality cues, which is vital for diversified table cases. Experimental results on benchmarks demonstrate our proposed NCGM achieves state-of-the-art performance and beats other contemporary methods by a large margin especially under challenging scenarios.      
### 33.Contrastive Vicinal Space for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13353.pdf)
>  Utilizing vicinal space between the source and target domains is one of the recent unsupervised domain adaptation approaches. However, the problem of the equilibrium collapse of labels, where the source labels are dominant over the target labels in the predictions of vicinal instances, has never been addressed. In this paper, we propose an instance-wise minimax strategy that minimizes the entropy of high uncertainty instances in the vicinal space to tackle it. We divide the vicinal space into two subspaces through the solution of the minimax problem: contrastive space and consensus space. In the contrastive space, inter-domain discrepancy is mitigated by constraining instances to have contrastive views and labels, and the consensus space reduces the confusion between intra-domain categories. The effectiveness of our method is demonstrated on the public benchmarks, including Office-31, Office-Home, and VisDA-C, which achieve state-of-the-art performances. We further show that our method outperforms current state-of-the-art methods on PACS, which indicates our instance-wise approach works well for multi-source domain adaptation as well.      
### 34.Revisiting Efficient Object Detection Backbones from Zero-Shot Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13336.pdf)
>  In object detection models, the detection backbone consumes more than half of the overall inference cost. Recent researches attempt to reduce this cost by optimizing the backbone architecture with the help of Neural Architecture Search (NAS). However, existing NAS methods for object detection require hundreds to thousands of GPU hours of searching, making them impractical in fast-paced research and development. In this work, we propose a novel zero-shot NAS method to address this issue. The proposed method, named ZenDet, automatically designs efficient detection backbones without training network parameters, reducing the architecture design cost to nearly zero yet delivering the state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance. Under the hood, ZenDet maximizes the differential entropy of detection backbones, leading to a better feature extractor for object detection under the same computational budgets. After merely one GPU day of fully automatic design, ZenDet innovates SOTA detection backbones on multiple detection benchmark datasets with little human intervention. Comparing to ResNet-50 backbone, ZenDet is +2.0% better in mAP when using the same amount of FLOPs/parameters and is 1.54 times faster on NVIDIA V100 at the same mAP. Code and pre-trained models will be released later.      
### 35.Predict, Prevent, and Evaluate: Disentangled Text-Driven Image Manipulation Empowered by Pre-Trained Vision-Language Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13333.pdf)
>  To achieve disentangled image manipulation, previous works depend heavily on manual annotation. Meanwhile, the available manipulations are limited to a pre-defined set the models were trained for. In this paper, we propose a novel framework, i.e., Predict, Prevent, and Evaluate (PPE), for disentangled text-driven image manipulation, which does not need manual annotation and thus is not limited to fixed manipulations. Our method approaches the targets by deeply exploiting the power of the large scale pre-trained vision-language model CLIP. Concretely, we firstly Predict the possibly entangled attributes for a given text command. Then, based on the predicted attributes, we introduce an entanglement loss to Prevent entanglements during training. Finally, we propose a new evaluation metric to Evaluate the disentangled image manipulation. We verify the effectiveness of our method on the challenging face editing task. Extensive experiments show that the proposed PPE framework achieves much better quantitative and qualitative results than the up-to-date StyleCLIP baseline.      
### 36.Traditional Chinese Synthetic Datasets Verified with Labeled Data for Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13327.pdf)
>  Scene text recognition (STR) has been widely studied in academia and industry. Training a text recognition model often requires a large amount of labeled data, but data labeling can be difficult, expensive, or time-consuming, especially for Traditional Chinese text recognition. To the best of our knowledge, public datasets for Traditional Chinese text recognition are lacking. This paper presents a framework for a Traditional Chinese synthetic data engine which aims to improve text recognition model performance. We generated over 20 million synthetic data and collected over 7,000 manually labeled data TC-STR 7k-word as the benchmark. Experimental results show that a text recognition model can achieve much better accuracy either by training from scratch with our generated synthetic data or by further fine-tuning with TC-STR 7k-word.      
### 37.Hierarchical Motion Encoder-Decoder Network for Trajectory Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13324.pdf)
>  Trajectory forecasting plays a pivotal role in the field of intelligent vehicles or social robots. Recent works focus on modeling spatial social impacts or temporal motion attentions, but neglect inherent properties of motions, i.e. moving trends and driving intentions. This paper proposes a context-free Hierarchical Motion Encoder-Decoder Network (HMNet) for vehicle trajectory prediction. HMNet first infers the hierarchical difference on motions to encode physically compliant patterns with high expressivity of moving trends and driving intentions. Then, a goal (endpoint)-embedded decoder hierarchically constructs multimodal predictions depending on the location-velocity-acceleration-related patterns. Besides, we present a modified social pooling module which considers certain motion properties to represent social interactions. HMNet enables to make the accurate, unimodal/multimodal and physically-socially-compliant prediction. Experiments on three public trajectory prediction datasets, i.e. NGSIM, HighD and Interaction show that our model achieves the state-of-the-art performance both quantitatively and qualitatively. We will release our code here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xuedashuai/HMNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Data Augmented 3D Semantic Scene Completion with 2D Segmentation Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13309.pdf)
>  Semantic scene completion (SSC) is a challenging Computer Vision task with many practical applications, from robotics to assistive computing. Its goal is to infer the 3D geometry in a field of view of a scene and the semantic labels of voxels, including occluded regions. In this work, we present SPAwN, a novel lightweight multimodal 3D deep CNN that seamlessly fuses structural data from the depth component of RGB-D images with semantic priors from a bimodal 2D segmentation network. A crucial difficulty in this field is the lack of fully labeled real-world 3D datasets which are large enough to train the current data-hungry deep 3D CNNs. In 2D computer vision tasks, many data augmentation strategies have been proposed to improve the generalization ability of CNNs. However those approaches cannot be directly applied to the RGB-D input and output volume of SSC solutions. In this paper, we introduce the use of a 3D data augmentation strategy that can be applied to multimodal SSC networks. We validate our contributions with a comprehensive and reproducible ablation study. Our solution consistently surpasses previous works with a similar level of complexity.      
### 39.Self-supervised Correlation Mining Network for Person Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13307.pdf)
>  Person image generation aims to perform non-rigid deformation on source images, which generally requires unaligned data pairs for training. Recently, self-supervised methods express great prospects in this task by merging the disentangled representations for self-reconstruction. However, such methods fail to exploit the spatial correlation between the disentangled features. In this paper, we propose a Self-supervised Correlation Mining Network (SCM-Net) to rearrange the source images in the feature space, in which two collaborative modules are integrated, Decomposed Style Encoder (DSE) and Correlation Mining Module (CMM). Specifically, the DSE first creates unaligned pairs at the feature level. Then, the CMM establishes the spatial correlation field for feature rearrangement. Eventually, a translation module transforms the rearranged features to realistic results. Meanwhile, for improving the fidelity of cross-scale pose transformation, we propose a graph based Body Structure Retaining Loss (BSR Loss) to preserve reasonable body structures on half body to full body generation. Extensive experiments conducted on DeepFashion dataset demonstrate the superiority of our method compared with other supervised and unsupervised approaches. Furthermore, satisfactory results on face generation show the versatility of our method in other deformation tasks.      
### 40.Medial Spectral Coordinates for 3D Shape Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13295.pdf)
>  In recent years there has been a resurgence of interest in our community in the shape analysis of 3D objects represented by surface meshes, their voxelized interiors, or surface point clouds. In part, this interest has been stimulated by the increased availability of RGBD cameras, and by applications of computer vision to autonomous driving, medical imaging, and robotics. In these settings, spectral coordinates have shown promise for shape representation due to their ability to incorporate both local and global shape properties in a manner that is qualitatively invariant to isometric transformations. Yet, surprisingly, such coordinates have thus far typically considered only local surface positional or derivative information. In the present article, we propose to equip spectral coordinates with medial (object width) information, so as to enrich them. The key idea is to couple surface points that share a medial ball, via the weights of the adjacency matrix. We develop a spectral feature using this idea, and the algorithms to compute it. The incorporation of object width and medial coupling has direct benefits, as illustrated by our experiments on object classification, object part segmentation, and surface point correspondence.      
### 41.3D Pose Estimation and Future Motion Prediction from 2D Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13285.pdf)
>  This paper considers to jointly tackle the highly correlated tasks of estimating 3D human body poses and predicting future 3D motions from RGB image sequences. Based on Lie algebra pose representation, a novel self-projection mechanism is proposed that naturally preserves human motion kinematics. This is further facilitated by a sequence-to-sequence multi-task architecture based on an encoder-decoder topology, which enables us to tap into the common ground shared by both tasks. Finally, a global refinement module is proposed to boost the performance of our framework. The effectiveness of our approach, called PoseMoNet, is demonstrated by ablation tests and empirical evaluations on Human3.6M and HumanEva-I benchmark, where competitive performance is obtained comparing to the state-of-the-arts.      
### 42.Efficient Self-Ensemble Framework for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13280.pdf)
>  Ensemble of predictions is known to perform better than individual predictions taken separately. However, for tasks that require heavy computational resources, \textit{e.g.} semantic segmentation, creating an ensemble of learners that needs to be trained separately is hardly tractable. In this work, we propose to leverage the performance boost offered by ensemble methods to enhance the semantic segmentation, while avoiding the traditional heavy training cost of the ensemble. Our self-ensemble framework takes advantage of the multi-scale features set produced by feature pyramid network methods to feed independent decoders, thus creating an ensemble within a single model. Similar to the ensemble, the final prediction is the aggregation of the prediction made by each learner. In contrast to previous works, our model can be trained end-to-end, alleviating the traditional cumbersome multi-stage training of ensembles. Our self-ensemble framework outperforms the current state-of-the-art on the benchmark datasets ADE20K, Pascal Context and COCO-Stuff-10K for semantic segmentation and is competitive on Cityscapes. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/WalBouss/SenFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 43.Disentangled Unsupervised Image Translation via Restricted Information Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13279.pdf)
>  Unsupervised image-to-image translation methods aim to map images from one domain into plausible examples from another domain while preserving structures shared across two domains. In the many-to-many setting, an additional guidance example from the target domain is used to determine domain-specific attributes of the generated image. In the absence of attribute annotations, methods have to infer which factors are specific to each domain from data during training. Many state-of-art methods hard-code the desired shared-vs-specific split into their architecture, severely restricting the scope of the problem. In this paper, we propose a new method that does not rely on such inductive architectural biases, and infers which attributes are domain-specific from data by constraining information flow through the network using translation honesty losses and a penalty on the capacity of domain-specific embedding. We show that the proposed method achieves consistently high manipulation accuracy across two synthetic and one natural dataset spanning a wide variety of domain-specific and shared attributes.      
### 44.NeSF: Neural Semantic Fields for Generalizable Semantic Segmentation of 3D Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13260.pdf)
>  We present NeSF, a method for producing 3D semantic fields from posed RGB images alone. In place of classical 3D representations, our method builds on recent work in implicit neural scene representations wherein 3D structure is captured by point-wise functions. We leverage this methodology to recover 3D density fields upon which we then train a 3D semantic segmentation model supervised by posed 2D semantic maps. Despite being trained on 2D signals alone, our method is able to generate 3D-consistent semantic maps from novel camera poses and can be queried at arbitrary 3D points. Notably, NeSF is compatible with any method producing a density field, and its accuracy improves as the quality of the density field improves. Our empirical analysis demonstrates comparable quality to competitive 2D and 3D semantic segmentation baselines on complex, realistically rendered synthetic scenes. Our method is the first to offer truly dense 3D scene segmentations requiring only 2D supervision for training, and does not require any semantic input for inference on novel scenes. We encourage the readers to visit the project website.      
### 45.Going Grayscale: The Road to Understanding and Improving Unlearnable Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13244.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown that imperceptible perturbations can be applied to craft unlearnable examples (ULEs), i.e. images whose content cannot be used to improve a classifier during training. In this paper, we reveal the road that researchers should follow for understanding ULEs and improving ULEs as they were originally formulated (ULEOs). The paper makes four contributions. First, we show that ULEOs exploit color and, consequently, their effects can be mitigated by simple grayscale pre-filtering, without resorting to adversarial training. Second, we propose an extension to ULEOs, which is called ULEO-GrayAugs, that forces the generated ULEs away from channel-wise color perturbations by making use of grayscale knowledge and data augmentations during optimization. Third, we show that ULEOs generated using Multi-Layer Perceptrons (MLPs) are effective in the case of complex Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) classifiers, suggesting that CNNs suffer specific vulnerability to ULEs. Fourth, we demonstrate that when a classifier is trained on ULEOs, adversarial training will prevent a drop in accuracy measured both on clean images and on adversarial images. Taken together, our contributions represent a substantial advance in the state of art of unlearnable examples, but also reveal important characteristics of their behavior that must be better understood in order to achieve further improvements.      
### 46.Learning from Temporal Gradient for Semi-supervised Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13241.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised video action recognition tends to enable deep neural networks to achieve remarkable performance even with very limited labeled data. However, existing methods are mainly transferred from current image-based methods (e.g., FixMatch). Without specifically utilizing the temporal dynamics and inherent multimodal attributes, their results could be suboptimal. To better leverage the encoded temporal information in videos, we introduce temporal gradient as an additional modality for more attentive feature extraction in this paper. To be specific, our method explicitly distills the fine-grained motion representations from temporal gradient (TG) and imposes consistency across different modalities (i.e., RGB and TG). The performance of semi-supervised action recognition is significantly improved without additional computation or parameters during inference. Our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on three video action recognition benchmarks (i.e., Kinetics-400, UCF-101, and HMDB-51) under several typical semi-supervised settings (i.e., different ratios of labeled data).      
### 47.Look at here : Utilizing supervision to attend subtle key regions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13233.pdf)
>  Despite the success of deep learning in computer vision, algorithms to recognize subtle and small objects (or regions) is still challenging. For example, recognizing a baseball or a frisbee on a ground scene or a bone fracture in an X-ray image can easily result in overfitting, unless a huge amount of training data is available. To mitigate this problem, we need a way to force a model should identify subtle regions in limited training data. In this paper, we propose a simple but efficient supervised augmentation method called Cut\&amp;Remain. It achieved better performance on various medical image domain (internally sourced- and public dataset) and a natural image domain (MS-COCO$_s$) than other supervised augmentation and the explicit guidance methods. <br>In addition, using the class activation map, we identified that the Cut\&amp;Remain methods drive a model to focus on relevant subtle and small regions efficiently. We also show that the performance monotonically increased along the Cut\&amp;Remain ratio, indicating that a model can be improved even though only limited amount of Cut\&amp;Remain is applied for, so that it allows low supervising (annotation) cost for improvement.      
### 48.FedDropoutAvg: Generalizable federated learning for histopathology image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13230.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) enables collaborative learning of a deep learning model without sharing the data of participating sites. FL in medical image analysis tasks is relatively new and open for enhancements. In this study, we propose FedDropoutAvg, a new federated learning approach for training a generalizable model. The proposed method takes advantage of randomness, both in client selection and also in federated averaging process. We compare FedDropoutAvg to several algorithms in an FL scenario for real-world multi-site histopathology image classification task. We show that with FedDropoutAvg, the final model can achieve performance better than other FL approaches and closer to a classical deep learning model that requires all data to be shared for centralized training. We test the trained models on a large dataset consisting of 1.2 million image tiles from 21 different centers. To evaluate the generalization ability of the proposed approach, we use held-out test sets from centers whose data was used in the FL and for unseen data from other independent centers whose data was not used in the federated training. We show that the proposed approach is more generalizable than other state-of-the-art federated training approaches. To the best of our knowledge, ours is the first study to use a randomized client and local model parameter selection procedure in a federated setting for a medical image analysis task.      
### 49.Cross-Domain Object Detection via Adaptive Self-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13216.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of domain adaptation in object detection, where there is a significant domain shift between a source (a domain with supervision) and a target domain (a domain of interest without supervision). As a widely adopted domain adaptation method, the self-training teacher-student framework (a student model learns from pseudo labels generated from a teacher model) has yielded remarkable accuracy gain on the target domain. However, it still suffers from the large amount of low-quality pseudo labels (e.g., false positives) generated from the teacher due to its bias toward the source domain. To address this issue, we propose a self-training framework called Adaptive Unbiased Teacher (AUT) leveraging adversarial learning and weak-strong data augmentation during mutual learning to address domain shift. Specifically, we employ feature-level adversarial training in the student model, ensuring features extracted from the source and target domains share similar statistics. This enables the student model to capture domain-invariant features. Furthermore, we apply weak-strong augmentation and mutual learning between the teacher model on the target domain and the student model on both domains. This enables the teacher model to gradually benefit from the student model without suffering domain shift. We show that AUT demonstrates superiority over all existing approaches and even Oracle (fully supervised) models by a large margin. For example, we achieve 50.9% (49.3%) mAP on Foggy Cityscape (Clipart1K), which is 9.2% (5.2%) and 8.2% (11.0%) higher than previous state-of-the-art and Oracle, respectively      
### 50.OTB-morph: One-Time Biometrics via Morphing applied to Face Templates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13213.pdf)
>  Cancelable biometrics refers to a group of techniques in which the biometric inputs are transformed intentionally using a key before processing or storage. This transformation is repeatable enabling subsequent biometric comparisons. This paper introduces a new scheme for cancelable biometrics aimed at protecting the templates against potential attacks, applicable to any biometric-based recognition system. Our proposed scheme is based on time-varying keys obtained from morphing random biometric information. An experimental implementation of the proposed scheme is given for face biometrics. The results confirm that the proposed approach is able to withstand against leakage attacks while improving the recognition performance.      
### 51.SwinBERT: End-to-End Transformers with Sparse Attention for Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13196.pdf)
>  The canonical approach to video captioning dictates a caption generation model to learn from offline-extracted dense video features. These feature extractors usually operate on video frames sampled at a fixed frame rate and are often trained on image/video understanding tasks, without adaption to video captioning data. In this work, we present SwinBERT, an end-to-end transformer-based model for video captioning, which takes video frame patches directly as inputs, and outputs a natural language description. Instead of leveraging multiple 2D/3D feature extractors, our method adopts a video transformer to encode spatial-temporal representations that can adapt to variable lengths of video input without dedicated design for different frame rates. Based on this model architecture, we show that video captioning can benefit significantly from more densely sampled video frames as opposed to previous successes with sparsely sampled video frames for video-and-language understanding tasks (e.g., video question answering). Moreover, to avoid the inherent redundancy in consecutive video frames, we propose adaptively learning a sparse attention mask and optimizing it for task-specific performance improvement through better long-range video sequence modeling. Through extensive experiments on 5 video captioning datasets, we show that SwinBERT achieves across-the-board performance improvements over previous methods, often by a large margin. The learned sparse attention masks in addition push the limit to new state of the arts, and can be transferred between different video lengths and between different datasets.      
### 52.Multiple target tracking with interaction using an MCMC MRF Particle Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13184.pdf)
>  This paper presents and discusses an implementation of a multiple target tracking method, which is able to deal with target interactions and prevent tracker failures due to hijacking. The referenced approach uses a Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) sampling step to evaluate the filter and constructs an efficient proposal density to generate new samples. This density integrates target interaction terms based on Markov Random Fields (MRFs) generated per time step. The MRFs model the interactions between targets in an attempt to reduce tracking ambiguity that typical particle filters suffer from when tracking multiple targets. A test sequence of 662 grayscale frames containing 20 interacting ants in a confined space was used to test both the proposed approach and a set of importance sampling based independent particle filters, to establish a performance comparison. It is shown that the implemented approach of modeling target interactions using MRF successfully corrects many of the tracking errors made by the independent, interaction unaware, particle filters.      
### 53.Computer Vision User Entity Behavior Analytics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13176.pdf)
>  Insider threats are costly, hard to detect, and unfortunately rising in occurrence. Seeking to improve detection of such threats, we develop novel techniques to enable us to extract powerful features, generate high quality image encodings, and augment attack vectors for greater classification power. Combined, they form Computer Vision User and Entity Behavior Analytics, a detection system designed from the ground up to improve upon advancements in academia and mitigate the issues that prevent the usage of advanced models in industry. The proposed system beats state-of-art methods used in academia and as well as in industry.      
### 54.Homogeneous Low-Resolution Face Recognition Method based Correlation Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13175.pdf)
>  Face recognition technology has been widely adopted in many mission-critical scenarios like means of human identification, controlled admission, and mobile device access, etc. Security surveillance is a typical scenario of face recognition technology. Because the low-resolution feature of surveillance video and images makes it difficult for high-resolution face recognition algorithms to extract effective feature information, Algorithms applied to high-resolution face recognition are difficult to migrate directly to low-resolution situations. As face recognition in security surveillance becomes more important in the era of dense urbanization, it is essential to develop algorithms that are able to provide satisfactory performance in processing the video frames generated by low-resolution surveillance cameras. This paper study on the Correlation Features-based Face Recognition (CoFFaR) method which using for homogeneous low-resolution surveillance videos, the theory, experimental details, and experimental results are elaborated in detail. The experimental results validate the effectiveness of the correlation features method that improves the accuracy of homogeneous face recognition in surveillance security scenarios.      
### 55.Semantic-Aware Generation for Self-Supervised Visual Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13163.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a self-supervised visual representation learning approach which involves both generative and discriminative proxies, where we focus on the former part by requiring the target network to recover the original image based on the mid-level features. Different from prior work that mostly focuses on pixel-level similarity between the original and generated images, we advocate for Semantic-aware Generation (SaGe) to facilitate richer semantics rather than details to be preserved in the generated image. The core idea of implementing SaGe is to use an evaluator, a deep network that is pre-trained without labels, for extracting semantic-aware features. SaGe complements the target network with view-specific features and thus alleviates the semantic degradation brought by intensive data augmentations. We execute SaGe on ImageNet-1K and evaluate the pre-trained models on five downstream tasks including nearest neighbor test, linear classification, and fine-scaled image recognition, demonstrating its ability to learn stronger visual representations.      
### 56.DA$^{\textbf{2}}$-Net : Diverse &amp; Adaptive Attention Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13157.pdf)
>  Standard Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) designs rarely focus on the importance of explicitly capturing diverse features to enhance the network's performance. Instead, most existing methods follow an indirect approach of increasing or tuning the networks' depth and width, which in many cases significantly increases the computational cost. Inspired by a biological visual system, we propose a Diverse and Adaptive Attention Convolutional Network (DA$^{2}$-Net), which enables any feed-forward CNNs to explicitly capture diverse features and adaptively select and emphasize the most informative features to efficiently boost the network's performance. DA$^{2}$-Net incurs negligible computational overhead and it is designed to be easily integrated with any CNN architecture. We extensively evaluated DA$^{2}$-Net on benchmark datasets, including CIFAR100, SVHN, and ImageNet, with various CNN architectures. The experimental results show DA$^{2}$-Net provides a significant performance improvement with very minimal computational overhead.      
### 57.Global Interaction Modelling in Vision Transformer via Super Tokens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13156.pdf)
>  With the popularity of Transformer architectures in computer vision, the research focus has shifted towards developing computationally efficient designs. Window-based local attention is one of the major techniques being adopted in recent works. These methods begin with very small patch size and small embedding dimensions and then perform strided convolution (patch merging) in order to reduce the feature map size and increase embedding dimensions, hence, forming a pyramidal Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) like design. In this work, we investigate local and global information modelling in transformers by presenting a novel isotropic architecture that adopts local windows and special tokens, called Super tokens, for self-attention. Specifically, a single Super token is assigned to each image window which captures the rich local details for that window. These tokens are then employed for cross-window communication and global representation learning. Hence, most of the learning is independent of the image patches $(N)$ in the higher layers, and the class embedding is learned solely based on the Super tokens $(N/M^2)$ where $M^2$ is the window size. In standard image classification on Imagenet-1K, the proposed Super tokens based transformer (STT-S25) achieves 83.5\% accuracy which is equivalent to Swin transformer (Swin-B) with circa half the number of parameters (49M) and double the inference time throughput. The proposed Super token transformer offers a lightweight and promising backbone for visual recognition tasks.      
### 58.Country-wide Retrieval of Forest Structure From Optical and SAR Satellite Imagery With Bayesian Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13154.pdf)
>  Monitoring and managing Earth's forests in an informed manner is an important requirement for addressing challenges like biodiversity loss and climate change. While traditional in situ or aerial campaigns for forest assessments provide accurate data for analysis at regional level, scaling them to entire countries and beyond with high temporal resolution is hardly possible. In this work, we propose a Bayesian deep learning approach to densely estimate forest structure variables at country-scale with 10-meter resolution, using freely available satellite imagery as input. Our method jointly transforms Sentinel-2 optical images and Sentinel-1 synthetic aperture radar images into maps of five different forest structure variables: 95th height percentile, mean height, density, Gini coefficient, and fractional cover. We train and test our model on reference data from 41 airborne laser scanning missions across Norway and demonstrate that it is able to generalize to unseen test regions, achieving normalized mean absolute errors between 11% and 15%, depending on the variable. Our work is also the first to propose a Bayesian deep learning approach so as to predict forest structure variables with well-calibrated uncertainty estimates. These increase the trustworthiness of the model and its suitability for downstream tasks that require reliable confidence estimates, such as informed decision making. We present an extensive set of experiments to validate the accuracy of the predicted maps as well as the quality of the predicted uncertainties. To demonstrate scalability, we provide Norway-wide maps for the five forest structure variables.      
### 59.Scene Representation Transformer: Geometry-Free Novel View Synthesis Through Set-Latent Scene Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13152.pdf)
>  A classical problem in computer vision is to infer a 3D scene representation from few images that can be used to render novel views at interactive rates. Previous work focuses on reconstructing pre-defined 3D representations, e.g. textured meshes, or implicit representations, e.g. radiance fields, and often requires input images with precise camera poses and long processing times for each novel scene. <br>In this work, we propose the Scene Representation Transformer (SRT), a method which processes posed or unposed RGB images of a new area, infers a "set-latent scene representation", and synthesises novel views, all in a single feed-forward pass. To calculate the scene representation, we propose a generalization of the Vision Transformer to sets of images, enabling global information integration, and hence 3D reasoning. An efficient decoder transformer parameterizes the light field by attending into the scene representation to render novel views. Learning is supervised end-to-end by minimizing a novel-view reconstruction error. <br>We show that this method outperforms recent baselines in terms of PSNR and speed on synthetic datasets, including a new dataset created for the paper. Further, we demonstrate that SRT scales to support interactive visualization and semantic segmentation of real-world outdoor environments using Street View imagery.      
### 60.Scene Graph Generation with Geometric Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13131.pdf)
>  Scene Graph Generation has gained much attention in computer vision research with the growing demand in image understanding projects like visual question answering, image captioning, self-driving cars, crowd behavior analysis, activity recognition, and more. Scene graph, a visually grounded graphical structure of an image, immensely helps to simplify the image understanding tasks. In this work, we introduced a post-processing algorithm called Geometric Context to understand the visual scenes better geometrically. We use this post-processing algorithm to add and refine the geometric relationships between object pairs to a prior model. We exploit this context by calculating the direction and distance between object pairs. We use Knowledge Embedded Routing Network (KERN) as our baseline model, extend the work with our algorithm, and show comparable results on the recent state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 61.GPR1200: A Benchmark for General-Purpose Content-Based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13122.pdf)
>  Even though it has extensively been shown that retrieval specific training of deep neural networks is beneficial for nearest neighbor image search quality, most of these models are trained and tested in the domain of landmarks images. However, some applications use images from various other domains and therefore need a network with good generalization properties - a general-purpose CBIR model. To the best of our knowledge, no testing protocol has so far been introduced to benchmark models with respect to general image retrieval quality. After analyzing popular image retrieval test sets we decided to manually curate GPR1200, an easy to use and accessible but challenging benchmark dataset with a broad range of image categories. This benchmark is subsequently used to evaluate various pretrained models of different architectures on their generalization qualities. We show that large-scale pretraining significantly improves retrieval performance and present experiments on how to further increase these properties by appropriate fine-tuning. With these promising results, we hope to increase interest in the research topic of general-purpose CBIR.      
### 62.VaxNeRF: Revisiting the Classic for Voxel-Accelerated Neural Radiance Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13112.pdf)
>  Neural Radiance Field (NeRF) is a popular method in data-driven 3D reconstruction. Given its simplicity and high quality rendering, many NeRF applications are being developed. However, NeRF's big limitation is its slow speed. Many attempts are made to speeding up NeRF training and inference, including intricate code-level optimization and caching, use of sophisticated data structures, and amortization through multi-task and meta learning. In this work, we revisit the basic building blocks of NeRF through the lens of classic techniques before NeRF. We propose Voxel-Accelearated NeRF (VaxNeRF), integrating NeRF with visual hull, a classic 3D reconstruction technique only requiring binary foreground-background pixel labels per image. Visual hull, which can be optimized in about 10 seconds, can provide coarse in-out field separation to omit substantial amounts of network evaluations in NeRF. We provide a clean fully-pythonic, JAX-based implementation on the popular JaxNeRF codebase, consisting of only about 30 lines of code changes and a modular visual hull subroutine, and achieve about 2-8x faster learning on top of the highly-performative JaxNeRF baseline with zero degradation in rendering quality. With sufficient compute, this effectively brings down full NeRF training from hours to 30 minutes. We hope VaxNeRF -- a careful combination of a classic technique with a deep method (that arguably replaced it) -- can empower and accelerate new NeRF extensions and applications, with its simplicity, portability, and reliable performance gains. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/naruya/VaxNeRF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 63.Surface Segmentation Using Implicit Divergence Constraint Between Adjacent Minimal Paths  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13111.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel approach for object segmentation from 3D images using modified minimal path Eikonal equation. The proposed method utilizes an implicit constraint - a second order correction to the inhomogeneous minimal path Eikonal - preventing the adjacent minimal path trajectories to diverge uncontrollably. The proposed modification greatly reduces the surface area uncovered by minimal paths allowing the use of the calculated minimal path set as parameter lines of an approximate surface. It also has a loose connection with the true minimal surface Eikonal equations that are also deduced.      
### 64.GeomNet: A Neural Network Based on Riemannian Geometries of SPD Matrix Space and Cholesky Space for 3D Skeleton-Based Interaction Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13089.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel method for representation and classification of two-person interactions from 3D skeleton sequences. The key idea of our approach is to use Gaussian distributions to capture statistics on R n and those on the space of symmetric positive definite (SPD) matrices. The main challenge is how to parametrize those distributions. Towards this end, we develop methods for embedding Gaussian distributions in matrix groups based on the theory of Lie groups and Riemannian symmetric spaces. Our method relies on the Riemannian geometry of the underlying manifolds and has the advantage of encoding high-order statistics from 3D joint positions. We show that the proposed method achieves competitive results in two-person interaction recognition on three benchmarks for 3D human activity understanding.      
### 65.BoxeR: Box-Attention for 2D and 3D Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13087.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a simple attention mechanism, we call Box-Attention. It enables spatial interaction between grid features, as sampled from boxes of interest, and improves the learning capability of transformers for several vision tasks. Specifically, we present BoxeR, short for Box Transformer, which attends to a set of boxes by predicting their transformation from a reference window on an input feature map. The BoxeR computes attention weights on these boxes by considering its grid structure. Notably, BoxeR-2D naturally reasons about box information within its attention module, making it suitable for end-to-end instance detection and segmentation tasks. By learning invariance to rotation in the box-attention module, BoxeR-3D is capable of generating discriminative information from a bird-eye-view plane for 3D end-to-end object detection. Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed BoxeR-2D achieves better results on COCO detection, and reaches comparable performance with well-established and highly-optimized Mask R-CNN on COCO instance segmentation. BoxeR-3D already obtains a compelling performance for the vehicle category of Waymo Open, without any class-specific optimization. The code will be released.      
### 66.Few-Shot Real Image Restoration via Distortion-Relation Guided Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13078.pdf)
>  Collecting large clean-distorted training image pairs in real world is non-trivial, which seriously limits the practical applications of these supervised learning based image restoration (IR) methods. Previous works attempt to address this problem by leveraging unsupervised learning technologies to alleviate the dependency for paired training samples. However, these methods typically suffer from unsatisfactory textures synthesis due to the lack of clean image supervision. Compared with purely unsupervised solution, the under-explored scheme with Few-Shot clean images (FS-IR) is more feasible to tackle this challenging real Image Restoration task. In this paper, we are the first to investigate the few-shot real image restoration and propose a Distortion-Relation guided Transfer Learning (termed as DRTL) framework. DRTL assigns a knowledge graph to capture the distortion relation between auxiliary tasks (i.e., synthetic distortions) and target tasks (i.e., real distortions with few images), and then adopt a gradient weighting strategy to guide the knowledge transfer from auxiliary task to target task. In this way, DRTL could quickly learn the most relevant knowledge from the prior distortions for target distortion. We instantiate DRTL integrated with pre-training and meta-learning pipelines as an embodiment to realize a distortion-relation aware FS-IR. Extensive experiments on multiple benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of DRTL on few-shot real image restoration.      
### 67.Exploring Versatile Prior for Human Motion via Motion Frequency Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13074.pdf)
>  Prior plays an important role in providing the plausible constraint on human motion. Previous works design motion priors following a variety of paradigms under different circumstances, leading to the lack of versatility. In this paper, we first summarize the indispensable properties of the motion prior, and accordingly, design a framework to learn the versatile motion prior, which models the inherent probability distribution of human motions. Specifically, for efficient prior representation learning, we propose a global orientation normalization to remove redundant environment information in the original motion data space. Also, a two-level, sequence-based and segment-based, frequency guidance is introduced into the encoding stage. Then, we adopt a denoising training scheme to disentangle the environment information from input motion data in a learnable way, so as to generate consistent and distinguishable representation. Embedding our motion prior into prevailing backbones on three different tasks, we conduct extensive experiments, and both quantitative and qualitative results demonstrate the versatility and effectiveness of our motion prior. Our model and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JchenXu/human-motion-prior" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.Continual Active Learning Using Pseudo-Domains for Limited Labelling Resources and Changing Acquisition Characteristics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13069.pdf)
>  Machine learning in medical imaging during clinical routine is impaired by changes in scanner protocols, hardware, or policies resulting in a heterogeneous set of acquisition settings. When training a deep learning model on an initial static training set, model performance and reliability suffer from changes of acquisition characteristics as data and targets may become inconsistent. Continual learning can help to adapt models to the changing environment by training on a continuous data stream. However, continual manual expert labelling of medical imaging requires substantial effort. Thus, ways to use labelling resources efficiently on a well chosen sub-set of new examples is necessary to render this strategy feasible. <br>Here, we propose a method for continual active learning operating on a stream of medical images in a multi-scanner setting. The approach automatically recognizes shifts in image acquisition characteristics - new domains -, selects optimal examples for labelling and adapts training accordingly. Labelling is subject to a limited budget, resembling typical real world scenarios. To demonstrate generalizability, we evaluate the effectiveness of our method on three tasks: cardiac segmentation, lung nodule detection and brain age estimation. Results show that the proposed approach outperforms other active learning methods, while effectively counteracting catastrophic forgetting.      
### 69.Robust Object Detection with Multi-input Multi-output Faster R-CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13065.pdf)
>  Recent years have seen impressive progress in visual recognition on many benchmarks, however, generalization to the real-world in out-of-distribution setting remains a significant challenge. A state-of-the-art method for robust visual recognition is model ensembling. however, recently it was shown that similarly competitive results could be achieved with a much smaller cost, by using multi-input multi-output architecture (MIMO). In this work, a generalization of the MIMO approach is applied to the task of object detection using the general-purpose Faster R-CNN model. It was shown that using the MIMO framework allows building strong feature representation and obtains very competitive accuracy when using just two input/output pairs. Furthermore, it adds just 0.5\% additional model parameters and increases the inference time by 15.9\% when compared to the standard Faster R-CNN. It also works comparably to, or outperforms the Deep Ensemble approach in terms of model accuracy, robustness to out-of-distribution setting, and uncertainty calibration when the same number of predictions is used. This work opens up avenues for applying the MIMO approach in other high-level tasks such as semantic segmentation and depth estimation.      
### 70.MegLoc: A Robust and Accurate Visual Localization Pipeline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13063.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a visual localization pipeline, namely MegLoc, for robust and accurate 6-DoF pose estimation under varying scenarios, including indoor and outdoor scenes, different time across a day, different seasons across a year, and even across years. MegLoc achieves state-of-the-art results on a range of challenging datasets, including winning the Outdoor and Indoor Visual Localization Challenge of ICCV 2021 Workshop on Long-term Visual Localization under Changing Conditions, as well as the Re-localization Challenge for Autonomous Driving of ICCV 2021 Workshop on Map-based Localization for Autonomous Driving.      
### 71.Rotation Equivariant 3D Hand Mesh Generation from a Single RGB Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13023.pdf)
>  We develop a rotation equivariant model for generating 3D hand meshes from 2D RGB images. This guarantees that as the input image of a hand is rotated the generated mesh undergoes a corresponding rotation. Furthermore, this removes undesirable deformations in the meshes often generated by methods without rotation equivariance. By building a rotation equivariant model, through considering symmetries in the problem, we reduce the need for training on very large datasets to achieve good mesh reconstruction. <br>The encoder takes images defined on $\mathbb{Z}^{2}$ and maps these to latent functions defined on the group $C_{8}$. We introduce a novel vector mapping function to map the function defined on $C_{8}$ to a latent point cloud space defined on the group $\mathrm{SO}(2)$. Further, we introduce a 3D projection function that learns a 3D function from the $\mathrm{SO}(2)$ latent space. Finally, we use an $\mathrm{SO}(3)$ equivariant decoder to ensure rotation equivariance. Our rotation equivariant model outperforms state-of-the-art methods on a real-world dataset and we demonstrate that it accurately captures the shape and pose in the generated meshes under rotation of the input hand.      
### 72.Transferability Metrics for Selecting Source Model Ensembles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13011.pdf)
>  We address the problem of ensemble selection in transfer learning: Given a large pool of source models we want to select an ensemble of models which, after fine-tuning on the target training set, yields the best performance on the target test set. Since fine-tuning all possible ensembles is computationally prohibitive, we aim at predicting performance on the target dataset using a computationally efficient transferability metric. We propose several new transferability metrics designed for this task and evaluate them in a challenging and realistic transfer learning setup for semantic segmentation: we create a large and diverse pool of source models by considering 17 source datasets covering a wide variety of image domain, two different architectures, and two pre-training schemes. Given this pool, we then automatically select a subset to form an ensemble performing well on a given target dataset. We compare the ensemble selected by our method to two baselines which select a single source model, either (1) from the same pool as our method; or (2) from a pool containing large source models, each with similar capacity as an ensemble. Averaged over 17 target datasets, we outperform these baselines by 6.0% and 2.5% relative mean IoU, respectively.      
### 73.Attribute-specific Control Units in StyleGAN for Fine-grained Image Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13010.pdf)
>  Image manipulation with StyleGAN has been an increasing concern in recent years.Recent works have achieved tremendous success in analyzing several semantic latent spaces to edit the attributes of the generated images.However, due to the limited semantic and spatial manipulation precision in these latent spaces, the existing endeavors are defeated in fine-grained StyleGAN image manipulation, i.e., local attribute <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://translation.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> address this issue, we discover attribute-specific control units, which consist of multiple channels of feature maps and modulation styles. Specifically, we collaboratively manipulate the modulation style channels and feature maps in control units rather than individual ones to obtain the semantic and spatial disentangled controls. Furthermore, we propose a simple yet effective method to detect the attribute-specific control units. We move the modulation style along a specific sparse direction vector and replace the filter-wise styles used to compute the feature maps to manipulate these control units. We evaluate our proposed method in various face attribute manipulation tasks. Extensive qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate that our proposed method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods. The manipulation results of real images further show the effectiveness of our method.      
### 74.NomMer: Nominate Synergistic Context in Vision Transformer for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12994.pdf)
>  Recently, Vision Transformers (ViT), with the self-attention (SA) as the de facto ingredients, have demonstrated great potential in the computer vision community. For the sake of trade-off between efficiency and performance, a group of works merely perform SA operation within local patches, whereas the global contextual information is abandoned, which would be indispensable for visual recognition tasks. To solve the issue, the subsequent global-local ViTs take a stab at marrying local SA with global one in parallel or alternative way in the model. Nevertheless, the exhaustively combined local and global context may exist redundancy for various visual data, and the receptive field within each layer is fixed. Alternatively, a more graceful way is that global and local context can adaptively contribute per se to accommodate different visual data. To achieve this goal, we in this paper propose a novel ViT architecture, termed NomMer, which can dynamically Nominate the synergistic global-local context in vision transforMer. By investigating the working pattern of our proposed NomMer, we further explore what context information is focused. Beneficial from this "dynamic nomination" mechanism, without bells and whistles, the NomMer can not only achieve 84.5% Top-1 classification accuracy on ImageNet with only 73M parameters, but also show promising performance on dense prediction tasks, i.e., object detection and semantic segmentation. The code and models will be made publicly available at~\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NomMer1125/NomMer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 75.PolyViT: Co-training Vision Transformers on Images, Videos and Audio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12993.pdf)
>  Can we train a single transformer model capable of processing multiple modalities and datasets, whilst sharing almost all of its learnable parameters? We present PolyViT, a model trained on image, audio and video which answers this question. By co-training different tasks on a single modality, we are able to improve the accuracy of each individual task and achieve state-of-the-art results on 5 standard video- and audio-classification datasets. Co-training PolyViT on multiple modalities and tasks leads to a model that is even more parameter-efficient, and learns representations that generalize across multiple domains. Moreover, we show that co-training is simple and practical to implement, as we do not need to tune hyperparameters for each combination of datasets, but can simply adapt those from standard, single-task training.      
### 76.Investigation of domain gap problem in several deep-learning-based CT metal artefact reduction methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12983.pdf)
>  Metal artefacts in CT images may disrupt image quality and interfere with diagnosis. Recently many deep-learning-based CT metal artefact reduction (MAR) methods have been proposed. Current deep MAR methods may be troubled with domain gap problem, where methods trained on simulated data cannot perform well on practical data. In this work, we experimentally investigate two image-domain supervised methods, two dual-domain supervised methods and two image-domain unsupervised methods on a dental dataset and a torso dataset, to explore whether domain gap problem exists or is overcome. We find that I-DL-MAR and DudoNet are effective for practical data of the torso dataset, indicating the domain gap problem is solved. However, none of the investigated methods perform satisfactorily on practical data of the dental dataset. Based on the experimental results, we further analyze the causes of domain gap problem for each method and dataset, which may be beneficial for improving existing methods or designing new ones. The findings suggest that the domain gap problem in deep MAR methods remains to be addressed.      
### 77.CDNet is all you need: Cascade DCN based underwater object detection RCNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12982.pdf)
>  Object detection is a very important basic research direction in the field of computer vision and a basic method for other advanced tasks in the field of computer vision. It has been widely used in practical applications such as object tracking, video behavior recognition and underwater robotics vision. The Cascade-RCNN and Deformable Convolution Network are both classical and excellent object detection algorithms. In this report, we evaluate our Cascade-DCN based method on underwater optical image and acoustics image datasets with different engineering tricks and augumentation.      
### 78.AdvBokeh: Learning to Adversarially Defocus Blur  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12971.pdf)
>  Bokeh effect is a natural shallow depth-of-field phenomenon that blurs the out-of-focus part in photography. In pursuit of aesthetically pleasing photos, people usually regard the bokeh effect as an indispensable part of the photo. Due to its natural advantage and universality, as well as the fact that many visual recognition tasks can already be negatively affected by the `natural bokeh' phenomenon, in this work, we systematically study the bokeh effect from a new angle, i.e., adversarial bokeh attack (AdvBokeh) that aims to embed calculated deceptive information into the bokeh generation and produce a natural adversarial example without any human-noticeable noise artifacts. To this end, we first propose a Depth-guided Bokeh Synthesis Network (DebsNet) that is able to flexibly synthesis, refocus, and adjust the level of bokeh of the image, with a one-stage training procedure. The DebsNet allows us to tap into the bokeh generation process and attack the depth map that is needed for generating realistic bokeh (i.e., adversarially tuning the depth map) based on subsequent visual tasks. To further improve the realisticity of the adversarial bokeh, we propose depth-guided gradient-based attack to regularize the gradient.We validate the proposed method on a popular adversarial image classification dataset, i.e., NeurIPS-2017 DEV, and show that the proposed method can penetrate four state-of-the-art (SOTA) image classification networks i.e., ResNet50, VGG, DenseNet, and MobileNetV2 with a high success rate as well as high image quality. The adversarial examples obtained by AdvBokeh also exhibit high level of transferability under black-box settings. Moreover, the adversarially generated defocus blur images from the AdvBokeh can actually be capitalized to enhance the performance of SOTA defocus deblurring system, i.e., IFAN.      
### 79.Detecting and Tracking Small and Dense Moving Objects in Satellite Videos: A Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12960.pdf)
>  Satellite video cameras can provide continuous observation for a large-scale area, which is important for many remote sensing applications. However, achieving moving object detection and tracking in satellite videos remains challenging due to the insufficient appearance information of objects and lack of high-quality datasets. In this paper, we first build a large-scale satellite video dataset with rich annotations for the task of moving object detection and tracking. This dataset is collected by the Jilin-1 satellite constellation and composed of 47 high-quality videos with 1,646,038 instances of interest for object detection and 3,711 trajectories for object tracking. We then introduce a motion modeling baseline to improve the detection rate and reduce false alarms based on accumulative multi-frame differencing and robust matrix completion. Finally, we establish the first public benchmark for moving object detection and tracking in satellite videos, and extensively evaluate the performance of several representative approaches on our dataset. Comprehensive experimental analyses and insightful conclusions are also provided. The dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/QingyongHu/VISO" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 80.Self-Distilled Self-Supervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12958.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art frameworks in self-supervised learning have recently shown that fully utilizing transformer-based models can lead to performance boost compared to conventional CNN models. Thriving to maximize the mutual information of two views of an image, existing works apply a contrastive loss to the final representations. In our work, we further exploit this by allowing the intermediate representations to learn from the final layers via the contrastive loss, which is maximizing the upper bound of the original goal and the mutual information between two layers. Our method, Self-Distilled Self-Supervised Learning (SDSSL), outperforms competitive baselines (SimCLR, BYOL and MoCo v3) using ViT on various tasks and datasets. In the linear evaluation and k-NN protocol, SDSSL not only leads to superior performance in the final layers, but also in most of the lower layers. Furthermore, positive and negative alignments are used to explain how representations are formed more effectively. Code will be available.      
### 81.Exploiting Both Domain-specific and Invariant Knowledge via a Win-win Transformer for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12941.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) aims to transfer knowledge from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Most existing UDA approaches enable knowledge transfer via learning domain-invariant representation and sharing one classifier across two domains. However, ignoring the domain-specific information that are related to the task, and forcing a unified classifier to fit both domains will limit the feature expressiveness in each domain. In this paper, by observing that the Transformer architecture with comparable parameters can generate more transferable representations than CNN counterparts, we propose a Win-Win TRansformer framework (WinTR) that separately explores the domain-specific knowledge for each domain and meanwhile interchanges cross-domain knowledge. Specifically, we learn two different mappings using two individual classification tokens in the Transformer, and design for each one a domain-specific classifier. The cross-domain knowledge is transferred via source guided label refinement and single-sided feature alignment with respect to source or target, which keeps the integrity of domain-specific information. Extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art UDA methods, validating the effectiveness of exploiting both domain-specific and invariant      
### 82.Towards Fewer Annotations: Active Learning via Region Impurity and Prediction Uncertainty for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12940.pdf)
>  Self-training has greatly facilitated domain adaptive semantic segmentation, which iteratively generates pseudo labels on the target domain and retrains the network. However, since the realistic segmentation datasets are highly imbalanced, target pseudo labels are typically biased to the majority classes and basically noisy, leading to an error-prone and sub-optimal model. To address this issue, we propose a region-based active learning approach for semantic segmentation under a domain shift, aiming to automatically query a small partition of image regions to be labeled while maximizing segmentation performance. Our algorithm, Active Learning via Region Impurity and Prediction Uncertainty (AL-RIPU), introduces a novel acquisition strategy characterizing the spatial adjacency of image regions along with the prediction confidence. We show that the proposed region-based selection strategy makes more efficient use of a limited budget than image-based or point-based counterparts. Meanwhile, we enforce local prediction consistency between a pixel and its nearest neighbor on a source image. Further, we develop a negative learning loss to enhance the discriminative representation learning on the target domain. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method only requires very few annotations to almost reach the supervised performance and substantially outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 83.ML-Decoder: Scalable and Versatile Classification Head  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12933.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce ML-Decoder, a new attention-based classification head. ML-Decoder predicts the existence of class labels via queries, and enables better utilization of spatial data compared to global average pooling. By redesigning the decoder architecture, and using a novel group-decoding scheme, ML-Decoder is highly efficient, and can scale well to thousands of classes. Compared to using a larger backbone, ML-Decoder consistently provides a better speed-accuracy trade-off. ML-Decoder is also versatile - it can be used as a drop-in replacement for various classification heads, and generalize to unseen classes when operated with word queries. Novel query augmentations further improve its generalization ability. Using ML-Decoder, we achieve state-of-the-art results on several classification tasks: on MS-COCO multi-label, we reach 91.4% mAP; on NUS-WIDE zero-shot, we reach 31.1% ZSL mAP; and on ImageNet single-label, we reach with vanilla ResNet50 backbone a new top score of 80.7%, without extra data or distillation. Public code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Alibaba-MIIL/ML_Decoder" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 84.Facial Depth and Normal Estimation using Single Dual-Pixel Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12928.pdf)
>  Many mobile manufacturers recently have adopted Dual-Pixel (DP) sensors in their flagship models for faster auto-focus and aesthetic image captures. Despite their advantages, research on their usage for 3D facial understanding has been limited due to the lack of datasets and algorithmic designs that exploit parallax in DP images. This is because the baseline of sub-aperture images is extremely narrow and parallax exists in the defocus blur region. In this paper, we introduce a DP-oriented Depth/Normal network that reconstructs the 3D facial geometry. For this purpose, we collect a DP facial data with more than 135K images for 101 persons captured with our multi-camera structured light systems. It contains the corresponding ground-truth 3D models including depth map and surface normal in metric scale. Our dataset allows the proposed matching network to be generalized for 3D facial depth/normal estimation. The proposed network consists of two novel modules: Adaptive Sampling Module and Adaptive Normal Module, which are specialized in handling the defocus blur in DP images. Finally, the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performances over recent DP-based depth/normal estimation methods. We also demonstrate the applicability of the estimated depth/normal to face spoofing and relighting.      
### 85.Rethinking Generic Camera Models for Deep Single Image Camera Calibration to Recover Rotation and Fisheye Distortion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12927.pdf)
>  Although recent learning-based calibration methods can predict extrinsic and intrinsic camera parameters from a single image, the accuracy of these methods is degraded in fisheye images. This degradation is caused by mismatching between the actual projection and expected projection. To address this problem, we propose a generic camera model that has the potential to address various types of distortion. Our generic camera model is utilized for learning-based methods through a closed-form numerical calculation of the camera projection. Simultaneously to recover rotation and fisheye distortion, we propose a learning-based calibration method that uses the camera model. Furthermore, we propose a loss function that alleviates the bias of the magnitude of errors for four extrinsic and intrinsic camera parameters. Extensive experiments demonstrated that our proposed method outperformed conventional methods on two largescale datasets and images captured by off-the-shelf fisheye cameras. Moreover, we are the first researchers to analyze the performance of learning-based methods using various types of projection for off-the-shelf cameras.      
### 86.ContourletNet: A Generalized Rain Removal Architecture Using Multi-Direction Hierarchical Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12925.pdf)
>  Images acquired from rainy scenes usually suffer from bad visibility which may damage the performance of computer vision applications. The rainy scenarios can be categorized into two classes: moderate rain and heavy rain scenes. Moderate rain scene mainly consists of rain streaks while heavy rain scene contains both rain streaks and the veiling effect (similar to haze). Although existing methods have achieved excellent performance on these two cases individually, it still lacks a general architecture to address both heavy rain and moderate rain scenarios effectively. In this paper, we construct a hierarchical multi-direction representation network by using the contourlet transform (CT) to address both moderate rain and heavy rain scenarios. The CT divides the image into the multi-direction subbands (MS) and the semantic subband (SS). First, the rain streak information is retrieved to the MS based on the multi-orientation property of the CT. Second, a hierarchical architecture is proposed to reconstruct the background information including damaged semantic information and the veiling effect in the SS. Last, the multi-level subband discriminator with the feedback error map is proposed. By this module, all subbands can be well optimized. This is the first architecture that can address both of the two scenarios effectively. The code is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cctakaet/ContourletNet-BMVC2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 87.Joint stereo 3D object detection and implicit surface reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12924.pdf)
>  We present the first learning-based framework for category-level 3D object detection and implicit shape estimation based on a pair of stereo RGB images in the wild. Traditional stereo 3D object detection approaches describe the detected objects only with 3D bounding boxes and cannot infer their full surface geometry, which makes creating a realistic outdoor immersive experience difficult. In contrast, we propose a new model S-3D-RCNN that can perform precise localization as well as provide a complete and resolution-agnostic shape description for the detected objects. We first decouple the estimation of object coordinate systems from shape reconstruction using a global-local framework. We then propose a new instance-level network that addresses the unseen surface hallucination problem by extracting point-based representations from stereo region-of-interests, and infers implicit shape codes with predicted complete surface geometry. Extensive experiments validate our approach's superior performance using existing and new metrics on the KITTI benchmark. Code and pre-trained models will be available at this https URL.      
### 88.ACPL: Anti-curriculum Pseudo-labelling forSemi-supervised Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12918.pdf)
>  Effective semi-supervised learning (SSL) in medical im-age analysis (MIA) must address two challenges: 1) workeffectively on both multi-class (e.g., lesion classification)and multi-label (e.g., multiple-disease diagnosis) problems,and 2) handle imbalanced learning (because of the highvariance in disease prevalence). One strategy to explorein SSL MIA is based on the pseudo labelling strategy, butit has a few shortcomings. Pseudo-labelling has in generallower accuracy than consistency learning, it is not specifi-cally design for both multi-class and multi-label problems,and it can be challenged by imbalanced learning. In this paper, unlike traditional methods that select confident pseudo label by threshold, we propose a new SSL algorithm, called anti-curriculum pseudo-labelling (ACPL), which introduces novel techniques to select informative unlabelled samples, improving training balance and allowing the model to work for both multi-label and multi-class problems, and to estimate pseudo labels by an accurate ensemble of classifiers(improving pseudo label accuracy). We run extensive experiments to evaluate ACPL on two public medical image classification benchmarks: Chest X-Ray14 for thorax disease multi-label classification and ISIC2018 for skin lesion multi-class classification. Our method outperforms previous SOTA SSL methods on both datasets.      
### 89.A dual benchmarking study of facial forgery and facial forensics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12912.pdf)
>  In recent years, visual forgery has reached a level of sophistication that humans cannot identify fraud, which poses a significant threat to information security. A wide range of malicious applications have emerged, such as fake news, defamation or blackmailing of celebrities, impersonation of politicians in political warfare, and the spreading of rumours to attract views. As a result, a rich body of visual forensic techniques has been proposed in an attempt to stop this dangerous trend. In this paper, we present a benchmark that provides in-depth insights into visual forgery and visual forensics, using a comprehensive and empirical approach. More specifically, we develop an independent framework that integrates state-of-the-arts counterfeit generators and detectors, and measure the performance of these techniques using various criteria. We also perform an exhaustive analysis of the benchmarking results, to determine the characteristics of the methods that serve as a comparative reference in this never-ending war between measures and countermeasures.      
### 90.Human and Scene Motion Deblurring using Pseudo-blur Synthesizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12911.pdf)
>  Present-day deep learning-based motion deblurring methods utilize the pair of synthetic blur and sharp data to regress any particular framework. This task is designed for directly translating a blurry image input into its restored version as output. The aforementioned approach relies heavily on the quality of the synthetic blurry data, which are only available before the training stage. Handling this issue by providing a large amount of data is expensive for common usage. We answer this challenge by providing an on-the-fly blurry data augmenter that can be run during training and test stages. To fully utilize it, we incorporate an unorthodox scheme of deblurring framework that employs the sequence of blur-deblur-reblur-deblur steps. The reblur step is assisted by a reblurring module (synthesizer) that provides the reblurred version (pseudo-blur) of its sharp or deblurred counterpart. The proposed module is also equipped with hand-crafted prior extracted using the state-of-the-art human body statistical model. This prior is employed to map human and non-human regions during adversarial learning to fully perceive the characteristics of human-articulated and scene motion blurs. By engaging this approach, our deblurring module becomes adaptive and achieves superior outcomes compared to recent state-of-the-art deblurring algorithms.      
### 91.CIRCLE: Convolutional Implicit Reconstruction and Completion for Large-scale Indoor Scene  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12905.pdf)
>  We present CIRCLE, a framework for large-scale scene completion and geometric refinement based on local implicit signed distance functions. It is based on an end-to-end sparse convolutional network, CircNet, that jointly models local geometric details and global scene structural contexts, allowing it to preserve fine-grained object detail while recovering missing regions commonly arising in traditional 3D scene data. A novel differentiable rendering module enables test-time refinement for better reconstruction quality. Extensive experiments on both real-world and synthetic datasets show that our concise framework is efficient and effective, achieving better reconstruction quality than the closest competitor while being 10-50x faster.      
### 92.Perturbed and Strict Mean Teachers for Semi-supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12903.pdf)
>  Consistency learning using input image, feature, or network perturbations has shown remarkable results in semi-supervised semantic segmentation, but this approach can be seriously affected by inaccurate predictions of unlabelled training images. There are two consequences of these inaccurate predictions: 1) the training based on the ``strict'' cross-entropy (CE) loss can easily overfit prediction mistakes, leading to confirmation bias; and 2) the perturbations applied to these inaccurate predictions will use potentially erroneous predictions as training signals, degrading consistency learning. In this paper, we address the prediction accuracy problem of consistency learning methods with novel extensions of the mean-teacher (MT) model, which include a new auxiliary teacher, and the replacement of MT's mean square error (MSE) by a stricter confidence-weighted cross-entropy (Conf-CE) loss. The accurate prediction by this model allows us to use a challenging combination of network, input data and feature perturbations to improve the consistency learning generalisation, where the feature perturbations consist of a new adversarial perturbation. Results on public benchmarks show that our approach achieves remarkable improvements over the previous SOTA methods in the field.      
### 93.Attend to Who You Are: Supervising Self-Attention for Keypoint Detection and Instance-Aware Association  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12892.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new method to solve keypoint detection and instance association by using Transformer. For bottom-up multi-person pose estimation models, they need to detect keypoints and learn associative information between keypoints. We argue that these problems can be entirely solved by Transformer. Specifically, the self-attention in Transformer measures dependencies between any pair of locations, which can provide association information for keypoints grouping. However, the naive attention patterns are still not subjectively controlled, so there is no guarantee that the keypoints will always attend to the instances to which they belong. To address it we propose a novel approach of supervising self-attention for multi-person keypoint detection and instance association. By using instance masks to supervise self-attention to be instance-aware, we can assign the detected keypoints to their corresponding instances based on the pairwise attention scores, without using pre-defined offset vector fields or embedding like CNN-based bottom-up models. An additional benefit of our method is that the instance segmentation results of any number of people can be directly obtained from the supervised attention matrix, thereby simplifying the pixel assignment pipeline. The experiments on the COCO multi-person keypoint detection challenge and person instance segmentation task demonstrate the effectiveness and simplicity of the proposed method and show a promising way to control self-attention behavior for specific purposes.      
### 94.V2C: Visual Voice Cloning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12890.pdf)
>  Existing Voice Cloning (VC) tasks aim to convert a paragraph text to a speech with desired voice specified by a reference audio. This has significantly boosted the development of artificial speech applications. However, there also exist many scenarios that cannot be well reflected by these VC tasks, such as movie dubbing, which requires the speech to be with emotions consistent with the movie plots. To fill this gap, in this work we propose a new task named Visual Voice Cloning (V2C), which seeks to convert a paragraph of text to a speech with both desired voice specified by a reference audio and desired emotion specified by a reference video. To facilitate research in this field, we construct a dataset, V2C-Animation, and propose a strong baseline based on existing state-of-the-art (SoTA) VC techniques. Our dataset contains 10,217 animated movie clips covering a large variety of genres (e.g., Comedy, Fantasy) and emotions (e.g., happy, sad). We further design a set of evaluation metrics, named MCD-DTW-SL, which help evaluate the similarity between ground-truth speeches and the synthesised ones. Extensive experimental results show that even SoTA VC methods cannot generate satisfying speeches for our V2C task. We hope the proposed new task together with the constructed dataset and evaluation metric will facilitate the research in the field of voice cloning and the broader vision-and-language community.      
### 95.Effectiveness of Detection-based and Regression-based Approaches for Estimating Mask-Wearing Ratio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12888.pdf)
>  Estimating the mask-wearing ratio in public places is important as it enables health authorities to promptly analyze and implement policies. Methods for estimating the mask-wearing ratio on the basis of image analysis have been reported. However, there is still a lack of comprehensive research on both methodologies and datasets. Most recent reports straightforwardly propose estimating the ratio by applying conventional object detection and classification methods. It is feasible to use regression-based approaches to estimate the number of people wearing masks, especially for congested scenes with tiny and occluded faces, but this has not been well studied. A large-scale and well-annotated dataset is still in demand. In this paper, we present two methods for ratio estimation that leverage either a detection-based or regression-based approach. For the detection-based approach, we improved the state-of-the-art face detector, RetinaFace, used to estimate the ratio. For the regression-based approach, we fine-tuned the baseline network, CSRNet, used to estimate the density maps for masked and unmasked faces. We also present the first large-scale dataset, the ``NFM dataset,'' which contains 581,108 face annotations extracted from 18,088 video frames in 17 street-view videos. Experiments demonstrated that the RetinaFace-based method has higher accuracy under various situations and that the CSRNet-based method has a shorter operation time thanks to its compactness.      
### 96.Active Learning at the ImageNet Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12880.pdf)
>  Active learning (AL) algorithms aim to identify an optimal subset of data for annotation, such that deep neural networks (DNN) can achieve better performance when trained on this labeled subset. AL is especially impactful in industrial scale settings where data labeling costs are high and practitioners use every tool at their disposal to improve model performance. The recent success of self-supervised pretraining (SSP) highlights the importance of harnessing abundant unlabeled data to boost model performance. By combining AL with SSP, we can make use of unlabeled data while simultaneously labeling and training on particularly informative samples. <br>In this work, we study a combination of AL and SSP on ImageNet. We find that performance on small toy datasets -- the typical benchmark setting in the literature -- is not representative of performance on ImageNet due to the class imbalanced samples selected by an active learner. Among the existing baselines we test, popular AL algorithms across a variety of small and large scale settings fail to outperform random sampling. To remedy the class-imbalance problem, we propose Balanced Selection (BASE), a simple, scalable AL algorithm that outperforms random sampling consistently by selecting more balanced samples for annotation than existing methods. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zeyademam/active_learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 97.Multiway Non-rigid Point Cloud Registration via Learned Functional Map Synchronization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12878.pdf)
>  We present SyNoRiM, a novel way to jointly register multiple non-rigid shapes by synchronizing the maps relating learned functions defined on the point clouds. Even though the ability to process non-rigid shapes is critical in various applications ranging from computer animation to 3D digitization, the literature still lacks a robust and flexible framework to match and align a collection of real, noisy scans observed under occlusions. Given a set of such point clouds, our method first computes the pairwise correspondences parameterized via functional maps. We simultaneously learn potentially non-orthogonal basis functions to effectively regularize the deformations, while handling the occlusions in an elegant way. To maximally benefit from the multi-way information provided by the inferred pairwise deformation fields, we synchronize the pairwise functional maps into a cycle-consistent whole thanks to our novel and principled optimization formulation. We demonstrate via extensive experiments that our method achieves a state-of-the-art performance in registration accuracy, while being flexible and efficient as we handle both non-rigid and multi-body cases in a unified framework and avoid the costly optimization over point-wise permutations by the use of basis function maps.      
### 98.Quantised Transforming Auto-Encoders: Achieving Equivariance to Arbitrary Transformations in Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12873.pdf)
>  In this work we investigate how to achieve equivariance to input transformations in deep networks, purely from data, without being given a model of those transformations. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), for example, are equivariant to image translation, a transformation that can be easily modelled (by shifting the pixels vertically or horizontally). Other transformations, such as out-of-plane rotations, do not admit a simple analytic model. We propose an auto-encoder architecture whose embedding obeys an arbitrary set of equivariance relations simultaneously, such as translation, rotation, colour changes, and many others. This means that it can take an input image, and produce versions transformed by a given amount that were not observed before (e.g. a different point of view of the same object, or a colour variation). Despite extending to many (even non-geometric) transformations, our model reduces exactly to a CNN in the special case of translation-equivariance. Equivariances are important for the interpretability and robustness of deep networks, and we demonstrate results of successful re-rendering of transformed versions of input images on several synthetic and real datasets, as well as results on object pose estimation.      
### 99.Less is More: Generating Grounded Navigation Instructions from Landmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12872.pdf)
>  We study the automatic generation of navigation instructions from 360-degree images captured on indoor routes. Existing generators suffer from poor visual grounding, causing them to rely on language priors and hallucinate objects. Our MARKY-MT5 system addresses this by focusing on visual landmarks; it comprises a first stage landmark detector and a second stage generator -- a multimodal, multilingual, multitask encoder-decoder. To train it, we bootstrap grounded landmark annotations on top of the Room-across-Room (RxR) dataset. Using text parsers, weak supervision from RxR's pose traces, and a multilingual image-text encoder trained on 1.8b images, we identify 1.1m English, Hindi and Telugu landmark descriptions and ground them to specific regions in panoramas. On Room-to-Room, human wayfinders obtain success rates (SR) of 71% following MARKY-MT5's instructions, just shy of their 75% SR following human instructions -- and well above SRs with other generators. Evaluations on RxR's longer, diverse paths obtain 61-64% SRs on three languages. Generating such high-quality navigation instructions in novel environments is a step towards conversational navigation tools and could facilitate larger-scale training of instruction-following agents.      
### 100.Uncertainty Aware Proposal Segmentation for Unknown Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12866.pdf)
>  Recent efforts in deploying Deep Neural Networks for object detection in real world applications, such as autonomous driving, assume that all relevant object classes have been observed during training. Quantifying the performance of these models in settings when the test data is not represented in the training set has mostly focused on pixel-level uncertainty estimation techniques of models trained for semantic segmentation. This paper proposes to exploit additional predictions of semantic segmentation models and quantifying its confidences, followed by classification of object hypotheses as known vs. unknown, out of distribution objects. We use object proposals generated by Region Proposal Network (RPN) and adapt distance aware uncertainty estimation of semantic segmentation using Radial Basis Functions Networks (RBFN) for class agnostic object mask prediction. The augmented object proposals are then used to train a classifier for known vs. unknown objects categories. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves parallel performance to state of the art methods for unknown object detection and can also be used effectively for reducing object detectors' false positive rate. Our method is well suited for applications where prediction of non-object background categories obtained by semantic segmentation is reliable.      
### 101.Robust Equivariant Imaging: a fully unsupervised framework for learning to image from noisy and partial measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12855.pdf)
>  Deep networks provide state-of-the-art performance in multiple imaging inverse problems ranging from medical imaging to computational photography. However, most existing networks are trained with clean signals which are often hard or impossible to obtain. Equivariant imaging (EI) is a recent self-supervised learning framework that exploits the group invariance present in signal distributions to learn a reconstruction function from partial measurement data alone. While EI results are impressive, its performance degrades with increasing noise. In this paper, we propose a Robust Equivariant Imaging (REI) framework which can learn to image from noisy partial measurements alone. The proposed method uses Stein's Unbiased Risk Estimator (SURE) to obtain a fully unsupervised training loss that is robust to noise. We show that REI leads to considerable performance gains on linear and nonlinear inverse problems, thereby paving the way for robust unsupervised imaging with deep networks. Code will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/edongdongchen/REI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 102.Amortized Prompt: Lightweight Fine-Tuning for CLIP in Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12853.pdf)
>  Domain generalization (DG) is a difficult transfer learning problem aiming to learn a generalizable model to unseen domains. Recent massive pre-trained models such as CLIP and GPT-3, i.e. foundation models (FMs), have been shown to be robust to many distribution shifts and therefore should lead to substantial improvements in DG. In this work, we study generic ways to adopt CLIP for DG problems in image classification, where we evaluate on naive zero-shot learning and full DG learning settings. For the latter, we propose AP (Amortized Prompt), as a novel approach for domain inference in the form of prompt generation. Using several standard datasets on domain generalization benchmark, namely PACS, VLCS, OfficeHome, and TerraIncognita, CLIP provides comparable performance without fine-tuning any parameters, suggesting the applicability and importance of FM in DG. In addition, we show that combining domain prompt inference with CLIP enables AP to outperform strong baselines and the naive CLIP baselines by a large margin, raising accuracy from 71.3\% to 79.3\%. We hope the simplicity and success of our approach emphasizes the importance of and leads to wider more adoption and analysis of foundation models in the field of domain generalization.      
### 103.Cross Your Body: A Cognitive Assessment System for Children  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12824.pdf)
>  While many action recognition techniques have great success on public benchmarks, such performance is not necessarily replicated in real-world scenarios, where the data comes from specific application requirements. The specific real-world application that we are focusing on in this paper is cognitive assessment in children using cognitively demanding physical tasks. We created a system called Cross-Your-Body and recorded data, which is unique in several aspects, including the fact that the tasks have been designed by psychologists, the subjects are children, and the videos capture real-world usage, as they record children performing tasks during real-world assessment by psychologists. Other distinguishing features of our system is that it's scores can directly be translated to measure executive functioning which is one of the key factor to distinguish onset of ADHD in adolescent kids. Due to imprecise execution of actions performed by children, and the presence of fine-grained motion patterns, we systematically investigate and evaluate relevant methods on the recorded data. It is our goal that this system will be useful in advancing research in cognitive assessment of kids.      
### 104.Application of deep learning to camera trap data for ecologists in planning / engineering -- Can captivity imagery train a model which generalises to the wild?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12805.pdf)
>  Understanding the abundance of a species is the first step towards understanding both its long-term sustainability and the impact that we may be having upon it. Ecologists use camera traps to remotely survey for the presence of specific animal species. Previous studies have shown that deep learning models can be trained to automatically detect and classify animals within camera trap imagery with high levels of confidence. However, the ability to train these models is reliant upon having enough high-quality training data. What happens when the animal is rare or the data sets are non-existent? This research proposes an approach of using images of rare animals in captivity (focusing on the Scottish wildcat) to generate the training dataset. We explore the challenges associated with generalising a model trained on captivity data when applied to data collected in the wild. The research is contextualised by the needs of ecologists in planning/engineering. Following precedents from other research, this project establishes an ensemble for object detection, image segmentation and image classification models which are then tested using different image manipulation and class structuring techniques to encourage model generalisation. The research concludes, in the context of Scottish wildcat, that models trained on captivity imagery cannot be generalised to wild camera trap imagery using existing techniques. However, final model performances based on a two-class model Wildcat vs Not Wildcat achieved an overall accuracy score of 81.6% and Wildcat accuracy score of 54.8% on a test set in which only 1% of images contained a wildcat. This suggests using captivity images is feasible with further research. This is the first research which attempts to generate a training set based on captivity data and the first to explore the development of such models in the context of ecologists in planning/engineering.      
### 105.Improving the Perceptual Quality of 2D Animation Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12792.pdf)
>  Traditional 2D animation is labor-intensive, often requiring animators to manually draw twelve illustrations per second of movement. While automatic frame interpolation may ease this burden, the artistic effects inherent to 2D animation make video synthesis particularly challenging compared to in the photorealistic domain. Lower framerates result in larger displacements and occlusions, discrete perceptual elements (e.g. lines and solid-color regions) pose difficulties for texture-oriented convolutional networks, and exaggerated nonlinear movements hinder training data collection. Previous work tried addressing these issues, but used unscalable methods and focused on pixel-perfect performance. In contrast, we build a scalable system more appropriately centered on perceptual quality for this artistic domain. Firstly, we propose a lightweight architecture with a simple yet effective occlusion-inpainting technique to improve convergence on perceptual metrics with fewer trainable parameters. Secondly, we design a novel auxiliary module that leverages the Euclidean distance transform to improve the preservation of key line and region structures. Thirdly, we automatically double the existing manually-collected dataset for this task by quantitatively filtering out movement nonlinearities, allowing us to improve model generalization. Finally, we establish LPIPS and chamfer distance as strongly preferable to PSNR and SSIM through a user study, validating our system's emphasis on perceptual quality in the 2D animation domain.      
### 106.Fast mesh denoising with data driven normal filtering using deep variational autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12782.pdf)
>  Recent advances in 3D scanning technology have enabled the deployment of 3D models in various industrial applications like digital twins, remote inspection and reverse engineering. Despite their evolving performance, 3D scanners, still introduce noise and artifacts in the acquired dense models. In this work, we propose a fast and robust denoising method for dense 3D scanned industrial models. The proposed approach employs conditional variational autoencoders to effectively filter face normals. Training and inference are performed in a sliding patch setup reducing the size of the required training data and execution times. We conducted extensive evaluation studies using 3D scanned and CAD models. The results verify plausible denoising outcomes, demonstrating similar or higher reconstruction accuracy, compared to other state-of-the-art approaches. Specifically, for 3D models with more than 1e4 faces, the presented pipeline is twice as fast as methods with equivalent reconstruction error.      
### 107.Transferability Estimation using Bhattacharyya Class Separability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12780.pdf)
>  Transfer learning has become a popular method for leveraging pre-trained models in computer vision. However, without performing computationally expensive fine-tuning, it is difficult to quantify which pre-trained source models are suitable for a specific target task, or, conversely, to which tasks a pre-trained source model can be easily adapted to. In this work, we propose Gaussian Bhattacharyya Coefficient (GBC), a novel method for quantifying transferability between a source model and a target dataset. In a first step we embed all target images in the feature space defined by the source model, and represent them with per-class Gaussians. Then, we estimate their pairwise class separability using the Bhattacharyya coefficient, yielding a simple and effective measure of how well the source model transfers to the target task. We evaluate GBC on image classification tasks in the context of dataset and architecture selection. Further, we also perform experiments on the more complex semantic segmentation transferability estimation task. We demonstrate that GBC outperforms state-of-the-art transferability metrics on most evaluation criteria in the semantic segmentation settings, matches the performance of top methods for dataset transferability in image classification, and performs best on architecture selection problems for image classification.      
### 108.Towards an Efficient Semantic Segmentation Method of ID Cards for Verification Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12764.pdf)
>  Removing the background in ID Card images is a real challenge for remote verification systems because many of the re-digitalised images present cluttered backgrounds, poor illumination conditions, distortion and occlusions. The background in ID Card images confuses the classifiers and the text extraction. Due to the lack of available images for research, this field represents an open problem in computer vision today. This work proposes a method for removing the background using semantic segmentation of ID Cards. In the end, images captured in the wild from the real operation, using a manually labelled dataset consisting of 45,007 images, with five types of ID Cards from three countries (Chile, Argentina and Mexico), including typical presentation attack scenarios, were used. This method can help to improve the following stages in a regular identity verification or document tampering detection system. Two Deep Learning approaches were explored, based on MobileUNet and DenseNet10. The best results were obtained using MobileUNet, with 6.5 million parameters. A Chilean ID Card's mean Intersection Over Union (IoU) was 0.9926 on a private test dataset of 4,988 images. The best results for the fused multi-country dataset of ID Card images from Chile, Argentina and Mexico reached an IoU of 0.9911. The proposed methods are lightweight enough to be used in real-time operation on mobile devices.      
### 109.ACNet: Approaching-and-Centralizing Network for Zero-Shot Sketch-Based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12757.pdf)
>  The huge domain gap between sketches and photos and the highly abstract sketch representations pose challenges for sketch-based image retrieval (\underline{SBIR}). The zero-shot sketch-based image retrieval (\underline{ZS-SBIR}) is more generic and practical but poses an even greater challenge because of the additional knowledge gap between the seen and unseen categories. To simultaneously mitigate both gaps, we propose an \textbf{A}pproaching-and-\textbf{C}entralizing \textbf{Net}work (termed ``\textbf{ACNet}'') to jointly optimize sketch-to-photo synthesis and the image retrieval. The retrieval module guides the synthesis module to generate large amounts of diverse photo-like images which gradually approach the photo domain, and thus better serve the retrieval module than ever to learn domain-agnostic representations and category-agnostic common knowledge for generalizing to unseen categories. These diverse images generated with retrieval guidance can effectively alleviate the overfitting problem troubling concrete category-specific training samples with high gradients. We also discover the use of proxy-based NormSoftmax loss is effective in the zero-shot setting because its centralizing effect can stabilize our joint training and promote the generalization ability to unseen categories. Our approach is simple yet effective, which achieves state-of-the-art performance on two widely used ZS-SBIR datasets and surpasses previous methods by a large margin.      
### 110.Layered Controllable Video Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12747.pdf)
>  We introduce layered controllable video generation, where we, without any supervision, decompose the initial frame of a video into foreground and background layers, with which the user can control the video generation process by simply manipulating the foreground mask. The key challenges are the unsupervised foreground-background separation, which is ambiguous, and ability to anticipate user manipulations with access to only raw video sequences. We address these challenges by proposing a two-stage learning procedure. In the first stage, with the rich set of losses and dynamic foreground size prior, we learn how to separate the frame into foreground and background layers and, conditioned on these layers, how to generate the next frame using VQ-VAE generator. In the second stage, we fine-tune this network to anticipate edits to the mask, by fitting (parameterized) control to the mask from future frame. We demonstrate the effectiveness of this learning and the more granular control mechanism, while illustrating state-of-the-art performance on two benchmark datasets. We provide a video abstract as well as some video results on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gabriel-huang.github.io/layered_controllable_video_generation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 111.Human Pose Manipulation and Novel View Synthesis using Differentiable Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12731.pdf)
>  We present a new approach for synthesizing novel views of people in new poses. Our novel differentiable renderer enables the synthesis of highly realistic images from any viewpoint. Rather than operating over mesh-based structures, our renderer makes use of diffuse Gaussian primitives that directly represent the underlying skeletal structure of a human. Rendering these primitives gives results in a high-dimensional latent image, which is then transformed into an RGB image by a decoder network. The formulation gives rise to a fully differentiable framework that can be trained end-to-end. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach to image reconstruction on both the Human3.6M and Panoptic Studio datasets. We show how our approach can be used for motion transfer between individuals; novel view synthesis of individuals captured from just a single camera; to synthesize individuals from any virtual viewpoint; and to re-render people in novel poses. Code and video results are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GuillaumeRochette/HumanViewSynthesis" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 112.Online Adaptation for Implicit Object Tracking and Shape Reconstruction in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12728.pdf)
>  Tracking and reconstructing 3D objects from cluttered scenes are the key components for computer vision, robotics and autonomous driving systems. While recent progress in implicit function (e.g., DeepSDF) has shown encouraging results on high-quality 3D shape reconstruction, it is still very challenging to generalize to cluttered and partially observable LiDAR data. In this paper, we propose to leverage the continuity in video data. We introduce a novel and unified framework which utilizes a DeepSDF model to simultaneously track and reconstruct 3D objects in the wild. We online adapt the DeepSDF model in the video, iteratively improving the shape reconstruction while in return improving the tracking, and vice versa. We experiment with both Waymo and KITTI datasets, and show significant improvements over state-of-the-art methods for both tracking and shape reconstruction.      
### 113.Universal Captioner: Long-Tail Vision-and-Language Model Training through Content-Style Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12727.pdf)
>  While captioning models have obtained compelling results in describing natural images, they still do not cover the entire long-tail distribution of real-world concepts. In this paper, we address the task of generating human-like descriptions with in-the-wild concepts by training on web-scale automatically collected datasets. To this end, we propose a model which can exploit noisy image-caption pairs while maintaining the descriptive style of traditional human-annotated datasets like COCO. Our model separates content from style through the usage of keywords and stylistic tokens, employing a single objective of prompt language modeling and being simpler than other recent proposals. Experimentally, our model consistently outperforms existing methods in terms of caption quality and capability of describing long-tail concepts, also in zero-shot settings. According to the CIDEr metric, we obtain a new state of the art on both COCO and nocaps when using external data.      
### 114.Latent Space Smoothing for Individually Fair Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13650.pdf)
>  Fair representation learning encodes user data to ensure fairness and utility, regardless of the downstream application. However, learning individually fair representations, i.e., guaranteeing that similar individuals are treated similarly, remains challenging in high-dimensional settings such as computer vision. In this work, we introduce LASSI, the first representation learning method for certifying individual fairness of high-dimensional data. Our key insight is to leverage recent advances in generative modeling to capture the set of similar individuals in the generative latent space. This allows learning individually fair representations where similar individuals are mapped close together, by using adversarial training to minimize the distance between their representations. Finally, we employ randomized smoothing to provably map similar individuals close together, in turn ensuring that local robustness verification of the downstream application results in end-to-end fairness certification. Our experimental evaluation on challenging real-world image data demonstrates that our method increases certified individual fairness by up to 60%, without significantly affecting task utility.      
### 115.Efficient Multi-Organ Segmentation Using SpatialConfiguration-Net with Low GPU Memory Requirements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13630.pdf)
>  Even though many semantic segmentation methods exist that are able to perform well on many medical datasets, often, they are not designed for direct use in clinical practice. The two main concerns are generalization to unseen data with a different visual appearance, e.g., images acquired using a different scanner, and efficiency in terms of computation time and required Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) memory. In this work, we employ a multi-organ segmentation model based on the SpatialConfiguration-Net (SCN), which integrates prior knowledge of the spatial configuration among the labelled organs to resolve spurious responses in the network outputs. Furthermore, we modified the architecture of the segmentation model to reduce its memory footprint as much as possible without drastically impacting the quality of the predictions. Lastly, we implemented a minimal inference script for which we optimized both, execution time and required GPU memory.      
### 116.Conditional Image Generation with Score-Based Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13606.pdf)
>  Score-based diffusion models have emerged as one of the most promising frameworks for deep generative modelling. In this work we conduct a systematic comparison and theoretical analysis of different approaches to learning conditional probability distributions with score-based diffusion models. In particular, we prove results which provide a theoretical justification for one of the most successful estimators of the conditional score. Moreover, we introduce a multi-speed diffusion framework, which leads to a new estimator for the conditional score, performing on par with previous state-of-the-art approaches. Our theoretical and experimental findings are accompanied by an open source library MSDiff which allows for application and further research of multi-speed diffusion models.      
### 117.$$NCA: Texture Generation with Ultra-Compact Neural Cellular Automata  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13545.pdf)
>  We study the problem of example-based procedural texture synthesis using highly compact models. Given a sample image, we use differentiable programming to train a generative process, parameterised by a recurrent Neural Cellular Automata (NCA) rule. Contrary to the common belief that neural networks should be significantly over-parameterised, we demonstrate that our model architecture and training procedure allows for representing complex texture patterns using just a few hundred learned parameters, making their expressivity comparable to hand-engineered procedural texture generating programs. The smallest models from the proposed $\mu$NCA family scale down to 68 parameters. When using quantisation to one byte per parameter, proposed models can be shrunk to a size range between 588 and 68 bytes. Implementation of a texture generator that uses these parameters to produce images is possible with just a few lines of GLSL or C code.      
### 118.A model of semantic completion in generative episodic memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13537.pdf)
>  Many different studies have suggested that episodic memory is a generative process, but most computational models adopt a storage view. In this work, we propose a computational model for generative episodic memory. It is based on the central hypothesis that the hippocampus stores and retrieves selected aspects of an episode as a memory trace, which is necessarily incomplete. At recall, the neocortex reasonably fills in the missing information based on general semantic information in a process we call semantic completion. <br>As episodes we use images of digits (MNIST) augmented by different backgrounds representing context. Our model is based on a VQ-VAE which generates a compressed latent representation in form of an index matrix, which still has some spatial resolution. We assume that attention selects some part of the index matrix while others are discarded, this then represents the gist of the episode and is stored as a memory trace. At recall the missing parts are filled in by a PixelCNN, modeling semantic completion, and the completed index matrix is then decoded into a full image by the VQ-VAE. <br>The model is able to complete missing parts of a memory trace in a semantically plausible way up to the point where it can generate plausible images from scratch. Due to the combinatorics in the index matrix, the model generalizes well to images not trained on. Compression as well as semantic completion contribute to a strong reduction in memory requirements and robustness to noise. Finally we also model an episodic memory experiment and can reproduce that semantically congruent contexts are always recalled better than incongruent ones, high attention levels improve memory accuracy in both cases, and contexts that are not remembered correctly are more often remembered semantically congruently than completely wrong.      
### 119.Confounder Identification-free Causal Visual Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13420.pdf)
>  Confounders in deep learning are in general detrimental to model's generalization where they infiltrate feature representations. Therefore, learning causal features that are free of interference from confounders is important. Most previous causal learning based approaches employ back-door criterion to mitigate the adverse effect of certain specific confounder, which require the explicit identification of confounder. However, in real scenarios, confounders are typically diverse and difficult to be identified. In this paper, we propose a novel Confounder Identification-free Causal Visual Feature Learning (CICF) method, which obviates the need for identifying confounders. CICF models the interventions among different samples based on front-door criterion, and then approximates the global-scope intervening effect upon the instance-level interventions from the perspective of optimization. In this way, we aim to find a reliable optimization direction, which avoids the intervening effects of confounders, to learn causal features. Furthermore, we uncover the relation between CICF and the popular meta-learning strategy MAML, and provide an interpretation of why MAML works from the theoretical perspective of causal learning for the first time. Thanks to the effective learning of causal features, our CICF enables models to have superior generalization capability. Extensive experiments on domain generalization benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our CICF, which achieves the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 120.Jointly Learning Agent and Lane Information for Multimodal Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13350.pdf)
>  Predicting the plausible future trajectories of nearby agents is a core challenge for the safety of Autonomous Vehicles and it mainly depends on two external cues: the dynamic neighbor agents and static scene context. Recent approaches have made great progress in characterizing the two cues separately. However, they ignore the correlation between the two cues and most of them are difficult to achieve map-adaptive prediction. In this paper, we use lane as scene data and propose a staged network that Jointly learning Agent and Lane information for Multimodal Trajectory Prediction (JAL-MTP). JAL-MTP use a Social to Lane (S2L) module to jointly represent the static lane and the dynamic motion of the neighboring agents as instance-level lane, a Recurrent Lane Attention (RLA) mechanism for utilizing the instance-level lanes to predict the map-adaptive future trajectories and two selectors to identify the typical and reasonable trajectories. The experiments conducted on the public Argoverse dataset demonstrate that JAL-MTP significantly outperforms the existing models in both quantitative and qualitative.      
### 121.ArchRepair: Block-Level Architecture-Oriented Repairing for Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13330.pdf)
>  Over the past few years, deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved tremendous success and have been continuously applied in many application domains. However, during the practical deployment in the industrial tasks, DNNs are found to be erroneous-prone due to various reasons such as overfitting, lacking robustness to real-world corruptions during practical usage. To address these challenges, many recent attempts have been made to repair DNNs for version updates under practical operational contexts by updating weights (i.e., network parameters) through retraining, fine-tuning, or direct weight fixing at a neural level. In this work, as the first attempt, we initiate to repair DNNs by jointly optimizing the architecture and weights at a higher (i.e., block) level. <br>We first perform empirical studies to investigate the limitation of whole network-level and layer-level repairing, which motivates us to explore a novel repairing direction for DNN repair at the block level. To this end, we first propose adversarial-aware spectrum analysis for vulnerable block localization that considers the neurons' status and weights' gradients in blocks during the forward and backward processes, which enables more accurate candidate block localization for repairing even under a few examples. Then, we further propose the architecture-oriented search-based repairing that relaxes the targeted block to a continuous repairing search space at higher deep feature levels. By jointly optimizing the architecture and weights in that space, we can identify a much better block architecture. We implement our proposed repairing techniques as a tool, named ArchRepair, and conduct extensive experiments to validate the proposed method. The results show that our method can not only repair but also enhance accuracy &amp; robustness, outperforming the state-of-the-art DNN repair techniques.      
### 122.A Volumetric Transformer for Accurate 3D Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13300.pdf)
>  This paper presents a Transformer architecture for volumetric medical image segmentation. Designing a computationally efficient Transformer architecture for volumetric segmentation is a challenging task. It requires keeping a complex balance in encoding local and global spatial cues, and preserving information along all axes of the volumetric data. The proposed volumetric Transformer has a U-shaped encoder-decoder design that processes the input voxels in their entirety. Our encoder has two consecutive self-attention layers to simultaneously encode local and global cues, and our decoder has novel parallel shifted window based self and cross attention blocks to capture fine details for boundary refinement by subsuming Fourier position encoding. Our proposed design choices result in a computationally efficient architecture, which demonstrates promising results on Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) 2021, and Medical Segmentation Decathlon (Pancreas and Liver) datasets for tumor segmentation. We further show that the representations learned by our model transfer better across-datasets and are robust against data corruptions. \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/himashi92/VT-UNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{Our code implementation is publicly available}.      
### 123.Exploiting full Resolution Feature Context for Liver Tumor and Vessel Segmentation via Fusion Encoder: Application to Liver Tumor and Vessel 3D reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13299.pdf)
>  Liver cancer is one of the most common malignant diseases in the world. Segmentation and labeling of liver tumors and blood vessels in CT images can provide convenience for doctors in liver tumor diagnosis and surgical intervention. In the past decades, automatic CT segmentation methods based on deep learning have received widespread attention in the medical field. Many state-of-the-art segmentation algorithms appeared during this period. Yet, most of the existing segmentation methods only care about the local feature context and have a perception defect in the global relevance of medical images, which significantly affects the segmentation effect of liver tumors and blood vessels. We introduce a multi-scale feature context fusion network called TransFusionNet based on Transformer and SEBottleNet. This network can accurately detect and identify the details of the region of interest of the liver vessel, meanwhile it can improve the recognition of morphologic margins of liver tumors by exploiting the global information of CT images. Experiments show that TransFusionNet is better than the state-of-the-art method on both the public dataset LITS and 3Dircadb and our clinical dataset. Finally, we propose an automatic 3D reconstruction algorithm based on the trained model. The algorithm can complete the reconstruction quickly and accurately in 1 second.      
### 124.Generative Adversarial Networks and Adversarial Autoencoders: Tutorial and Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13282.pdf)
>  This is a tutorial and survey paper on Generative Adversarial Network (GAN), adversarial autoencoders, and their variants. We start with explaining adversarial learning and the vanilla GAN. Then, we explain the conditional GAN and DCGAN. The mode collapse problem is introduced and various methods, including minibatch GAN, unrolled GAN, BourGAN, mixture GAN, D2GAN, and Wasserstein GAN, are introduced for resolving this problem. Then, maximum likelihood estimation in GAN are explained along with f-GAN, adversarial variational Bayes, and Bayesian GAN. Then, we cover feature matching in GAN, InfoGAN, GRAN, LSGAN, energy-based GAN, CatGAN, MMD GAN, LapGAN, progressive GAN, triple GAN, LAG, GMAN, AdaGAN, CoGAN, inverse GAN, BiGAN, ALI, SAGAN, Few-shot GAN, SinGAN, and interpolation and evaluation of GAN. Then, we introduce some applications of GAN such as image-to-image translation (including PatchGAN, CycleGAN, DeepFaceDrawing, simulated GAN, interactive GAN), text-to-image translation (including StackGAN), and mixing image characteristics (including FineGAN and MixNMatch). Finally, we explain the autoencoders based on adversarial learning including adversarial autoencoder, PixelGAN, and implicit autoencoder.      
### 125.Joint inference and input optimization in equilibrium networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13236.pdf)
>  Many tasks in deep learning involve optimizing over the \emph{inputs} to a network to minimize or maximize some objective; examples include optimization over latent spaces in a generative model to match a target image, or adversarially perturbing an input to worsen classifier performance. Performing such optimization, however, is traditionally quite costly, as it involves a complete forward and backward pass through the network for each gradient step. In a separate line of work, a recent thread of research has developed the deep equilibrium (DEQ) model, a class of models that foregoes traditional network depth and instead computes the output of a network by finding the fixed point of a single nonlinear layer. In this paper, we show that there is a natural synergy between these two settings. Although, naively using DEQs for these optimization problems is expensive (owing to the time needed to compute a fixed point for each gradient step), we can leverage the fact that gradient-based optimization can \emph{itself} be cast as a fixed point iteration to substantially improve the overall speed. That is, we \emph{simultaneously} both solve for the DEQ fixed point \emph{and} optimize over network inputs, all within a single ``augmented'' DEQ model that jointly encodes both the original network and the optimization process. Indeed, the procedure is fast enough that it allows us to efficiently \emph{train} DEQ models for tasks traditionally relying on an ``inner'' optimization loop. We demonstrate this strategy on various tasks such as training generative models while optimizing over latent codes, training models for inverse problems like denoising and inpainting, adversarial training and gradient based meta-learning.      
### 126.Intrinsic Dimension, Persistent Homology and Generalization in Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13171.pdf)
>  Disobeying the classical wisdom of statistical learning theory, modern deep neural networks generalize well even though they typically contain millions of parameters. Recently, it has been shown that the trajectories of iterative optimization algorithms can possess fractal structures, and their generalization error can be formally linked to the complexity of such fractals. This complexity is measured by the fractal's intrinsic dimension, a quantity usually much smaller than the number of parameters in the network. Even though this perspective provides an explanation for why overparametrized networks would not overfit, computing the intrinsic dimension (e.g., for monitoring generalization during training) is a notoriously difficult task, where existing methods typically fail even in moderate ambient dimensions. In this study, we consider this problem from the lens of topological data analysis (TDA) and develop a generic computational tool that is built on rigorous mathematical foundations. By making a novel connection between learning theory and TDA, we first illustrate that the generalization error can be equivalently bounded in terms of a notion called the 'persistent homology dimension' (PHD), where, compared with prior work, our approach does not require any additional geometrical or statistical assumptions on the training dynamics. Then, by utilizing recently established theoretical results and TDA tools, we develop an efficient algorithm to estimate PHD in the scale of modern deep neural networks and further provide visualization tools to help understand generalization in deep learning. Our experiments show that the proposed approach can efficiently compute a network's intrinsic dimension in a variety of settings, which is predictive of the generalization error.      
### 127.Robot Skill Adaptation via Soft Actor-Critic Gaussian Mixture Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13129.pdf)
>  A core challenge for an autonomous agent acting in the real world is to adapt its repertoire of skills to cope with its noisy perception and dynamics. To scale learning of skills to long-horizon tasks, robots should be able to learn and later refine their skills in a structured manner through trajectories rather than making instantaneous decisions individually at each time step. To this end, we propose the Soft Actor-Critic Gaussian Mixture Model (SAC-GMM), a novel hybrid approach that learns robot skills through a dynamical system and adapts the learned skills in their own trajectory distribution space through interactions with the environment. Our approach combines classical robotics techniques of learning from demonstration with the deep reinforcement learning framework and exploits their complementary nature. We show that our method utilizes sensors solely available during the execution of preliminarily learned skills to extract relevant features that lead to faster skill refinement. Extensive evaluations in both simulation and real-world environments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method in refining robot skills by leveraging physical interactions, high-dimensional sensory data, and sparse task completion rewards. Videos, code, and pre-trained models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://sac-gmm.cs.uni-freiburg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}.      
### 128.A Novel Framework for Image-to-image Translation and Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13105.pdf)
>  Data-driven paradigms using machine learning are becoming ubiquitous in image processing and communications. In particular, image-to-image (I2I) translation is a generic and widely used approach to image processing problems, such as image synthesis, style transfer, and image restoration. At the same time, neural image compression has emerged as a data-driven alternative to traditional coding approaches in visual communications. In this paper, we study the combination of these two paradigms into a joint I2I compression and translation framework, focusing on multi-domain image synthesis. We first propose distributed I2I translation by integrating quantization and entropy coding into an I2I translation framework (i.e. I2Icodec). In practice, the image compression functionality (i.e. autoencoding) is also desirable, requiring to deploy alongside I2Icodec a regular image codec. Thus, we further propose a unified framework that allows both translation and autoencoding capabilities in a single codec. Adaptive residual blocks conditioned on the translation/compression mode provide flexible adaptation to the desired functionality. The experiments show promising results in both I2I translation and image compression using a single model.      
### 129.Path Guiding Using Spatio-Directional Mixture Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.13094.pdf)
>  We propose a learning-based method for light-path construction in path tracing algorithms, which iteratively optimizes and samples from what we refer to as spatio-directional Gaussian mixture models (SDMMs). In particular, we approximate incident radiance as an online-trained $5$D mixture that is accelerated by a $k$D-tree. Using the same framework, we approximate BSDFs as pre-trained $n$D mixtures, where $n$ is the number of BSDF parameters. Such an approach addresses two major challenges in path-guiding models. First, the $5$D radiance representation naturally captures correlation between the spatial and directional dimensions. Such correlations are present in e.g.\ parallax and caustics. Second, by using a tangent-space parameterization of Gaussians, our spatio-directional mixtures can perform approximate product sampling with arbitrarily oriented BSDFs. Existing models are only able to do this by either foregoing anisotropy of the mixture components or by representing the radiance field in local (normal aligned) coordinates, which both make the radiance field more difficult to learn. An additional benefit of the tangent-space parameterization is that each individual Gaussian is mapped to the solid sphere with low distortion near its center of mass. Our method performs especially well on scenes with small, localized luminaires that induce high spatio-directional correlation in the incident radiance.      
### 130.Non Parametric Data Augmentations Improve Deep-Learning based Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12991.pdf)
>  Automatic brain tumor segmentation from Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) data plays an important role in assessing tumor response to therapy and personalized treatment stratification.Manual segmentation is tedious and subjective.Deep-learning-based algorithms for brain tumor segmentation have the potential to provide objective and fast tumor segmentation.However, the training of such algorithms requires large datasets which are not always available. Data augmentation techniques may reduce the need for large datasets.However current approaches are mostly parametric and may result in suboptimal performance.We introduce two non-parametric methods of data augmentation for brain tumor segmentation: the mixed structure regularization (MSR) and shuffle pixels noise (SPN).We evaluated the added value of the MSR and SPN augmentation on the brain tumor segmentation (BraTS) 2018 challenge dataset with the encoder-decoder nnU-Net architecture as the segmentation algorithm.Both MSR and SPN improve the nnU-Net segmentation accuracy compared to parametric Gaussian noise augmentation.Mean dice score increased from 80% to 82% and p-values=0.0022, 0.0028 when comparing MSR to non-parametric augmentation for the tumor core and whole tumor experiments respectively.The proposed MSR and SPN augmentations have the potential to improve neural-networks performance in other tasks as well.      
### 131.Learning Algebraic Representation for Systematic Generalization in Abstract Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12990.pdf)
>  Is intelligence realized by connectionist or classicist? While connectionist approaches have achieved superhuman performance, there has been growing evidence that such task-specific superiority is particularly fragile in systematic generalization. This observation lies in the central debate between connectionist and classicist, wherein the latter continually advocates an algebraic treatment in cognitive architectures. In this work, we follow the classicist's call and propose a hybrid approach to improve systematic generalization in reasoning. Specifically, we showcase a prototype with algebraic representation for the abstract spatial-temporal reasoning task of Raven's Progressive Matrices (RPM) and present the ALgebra-Aware Neuro-Semi-Symbolic (ALANS) learner. The ALANS learner is motivated by abstract algebra and the representation theory. It consists of a neural visual perception frontend and an algebraic abstract reasoning backend: the frontend summarizes the visual information from object-based representation, while the backend transforms it into an algebraic structure and induces the hidden operator on the fly. The induced operator is later executed to predict the answer's representation, and the choice most similar to the prediction is selected as the solution. Extensive experiments show that by incorporating an algebraic treatment, the ALANS learner outperforms various pure connectionist models in domains requiring systematic generalization. We further show that the algebraic representation learned can be decoded by isomorphism to generate an answer.      
### 132.Towards Practical Deployment-Stage Backdoor Attack on Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12965.pdf)
>  One major goal of the AI security community is to securely and reliably produce and deploy deep learning models for real-world applications. To this end, data poisoning based backdoor attacks on deep neural networks (DNNs) in the production stage (or training stage) and corresponding defenses are extensively explored in recent years. Ironically, backdoor attacks in the deployment stage, which can often happen in unprofessional users' devices and are thus arguably far more threatening in real-world scenarios, draw much less attention of the community. We attribute this imbalance of vigilance to the weak practicality of existing deployment-stage backdoor attack algorithms and the insufficiency of real-world attack demonstrations. To fill the blank, in this work, we study the realistic threat of deployment-stage backdoor attacks on DNNs. We base our study on a commonly used deployment-stage attack paradigm -- adversarial weight attack, where adversaries selectively modify model weights to embed backdoor into deployed DNNs. To approach realistic practicality, we propose the first gray-box and physically realizable weights attack algorithm for backdoor injection, namely subnet replacement attack (SRA), which only requires architecture information of the victim model and can support physical triggers in the real world. Extensive experimental simulations and system-level real-world attack demonstrations are conducted. Our results not only suggest the effectiveness and practicality of the proposed attack algorithm, but also reveal the practical risk of a novel type of computer virus that may widely spread and stealthily inject backdoor into DNN models in user devices. By our study, we call for more attention to the vulnerability of DNNs in the deployment stage.      
### 133.Morphological feature visualization of Alzheimer's disease via Multidirectional Perception GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12886.pdf)
>  The diagnosis of early stages of Alzheimer's disease (AD) is essential for timely treatment to slow further deterioration. Visualizing the morphological features for the early stages of AD is of great clinical value. In this work, a novel Multidirectional Perception Generative Adversarial Network (MP-GAN) is proposed to visualize the morphological features indicating the severity of AD for patients of different stages. Specifically, by introducing a novel multidirectional mapping mechanism into the model, the proposed MP-GAN can capture the salient global features efficiently. Thus, by utilizing the class-discriminative map from the generator, the proposed model can clearly delineate the subtle lesions via MR image transformations between the source domain and the pre-defined target domain. Besides, by integrating the adversarial loss, classification loss, cycle consistency loss and \emph{L}1 penalty, a single generator in MP-GAN can learn the class-discriminative maps for multiple-classes. Extensive experimental results on Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) dataset demonstrate that MP-GAN achieves superior performance compared with the existing methods. The lesions visualized by MP-GAN are also consistent with what clinicians observe.      
### 134.Coded Illumination for Improved Lensless Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12862.pdf)
>  Mask-based lensless cameras can be flat, thin and light-weight, which makes them suitable for novel designs of computational imaging systems with large surface areas and arbitrary shapes. Despite recent progress in lensless cameras, the quality of images recovered from the lensless cameras is often poor due to the ill-conditioning of the underlying measurement system. In this paper, we propose to use coded illumination to improve the quality of images reconstructed with lensless cameras. In our imaging model, the scene/object is illuminated by multiple coded illumination patterns as the lensless camera records sensor measurements. We designed and tested a number of illumination patterns and observed that shifting dots (and related orthogonal) patterns provide the best overall performance. We propose a fast and low-complexity recovery algorithm that exploits the separability and block-diagonal structure in our system. We present simulation results and hardware experiment results to demonstrate that our proposed method can significantly improve the reconstruction quality.      
### 135.Extending the Relative Seriality Formalism for Interpretable Deep Learning of Normal Tissue Complication Probability Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12854.pdf)
>  We formally demonstrate that the relative seriality model of Kallman, et al. maps exactly onto a simple type of convolutional neural network. This approach leads to a natural interpretation of feedforward connections in the convolutional layer and stacked intermediate pooling layers in terms of bystander effects and hierarchical tissue organization, respectively. These results serve as proof-of-principle for radiobiologically interpretable deep learning of normal tissue complication probability using large-scale imaging and dosimetry datasets.      
### 136.Geometric Priors for Scientific Generative Models in Inertial Confinement Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12798.pdf)
>  In this paper, we develop a Wasserstein autoencoder (WAE) with a hyperspherical prior for multimodal data in the application of inertial confinement fusion. Unlike a typical hyperspherical generative model that requires computationally inefficient sampling from distributions like the von Mis Fisher, we sample from a normal distribution followed by a projection layer before the generator. Finally, to determine the validity of the generated samples, we exploit a known relationship between the modalities in the dataset as a scientific constraint, and study different properties of the proposed model.      
### 137.JoinABLe: Learning Bottom-up Assembly of Parametric CAD Joints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12772.pdf)
>  Physical products are often complex assemblies combining a multitude of 3D parts modeled in computer-aided design (CAD) software. CAD designers build up these assemblies by aligning individual parts to one another using constraints called joints. In this paper we introduce JoinABLe, a learning-based method that assembles parts together to form joints. JoinABLe uses the weak supervision available in standard parametric CAD files without the help of object class labels or human guidance. Our results show that by making network predictions over a graph representation of solid models we can outperform multiple baseline methods with an accuracy (79.53%) that approaches human performance (80%). Finally, to support future research we release the Fusion 360 Gallery assembly dataset, containing assemblies with rich information on joints, contact surfaces, holes, and the underlying assembly graph structure.      
