# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 19 Nov 2021
### 1.Simple but Effective: CLIP Embeddings for Embodied AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09888.pdf)
>  Contrastive language image pretraining (CLIP) encoders have been shown to be beneficial for a range of visual tasks from classification and detection to captioning and image manipulation. We investigate the effectiveness of CLIP visual backbones for embodied AI tasks. We build incredibly simple baselines, named EmbCLIP, with no task specific architectures, inductive biases (such as the use of semantic maps), auxiliary tasks during training, or depth maps -- yet we find that our improved baselines perform very well across a range of tasks and simulators. EmbCLIP tops the RoboTHOR ObjectNav leaderboard by a huge margin of 20 pts (Success Rate). It tops the iTHOR 1-Phase Rearrangement leaderboard, beating the next best submission, which employs Active Neural Mapping, and more than doubling the % Fixed Strict metric (0.08 to 0.17). It also beats the winners of the 2021 Habitat ObjectNav Challenge, which employ auxiliary tasks, depth maps, and human demonstrations, and those of the 2019 Habitat PointNav Challenge. We evaluate the ability of CLIP's visual representations at capturing semantic information about input observations -- primitives that are useful for navigation-heavy embodied tasks -- and find that CLIP's representations encode these primitives more effectively than ImageNet-pretrained backbones. Finally, we extend one of our baselines, producing an agent capable of zero-shot object navigation that can navigate to objects that were not used as targets during training.      
### 2.PyTorchVideo: A Deep Learning Library for Video Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09887.pdf)
>  We introduce PyTorchVideo, an open-source deep-learning library that provides a rich set of modular, efficient, and reproducible components for a variety of video understanding tasks, including classification, detection, self-supervised learning, and low-level processing. The library covers a full stack of video understanding tools including multimodal data loading, transformations, and models that reproduce state-of-the-art performance. PyTorchVideo further supports hardware acceleration that enables real-time inference on mobile devices. The library is based on PyTorch and can be used by any training framework; for example, PyTorchLightning, PySlowFast, or Classy Vision. PyTorchVideo is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://pytorchvideo.org/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.SimMIM: A Simple Framework for Masked Image Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09886.pdf)
>  This paper presents SimMIM, a simple framework for masked image modeling. We simplify recently proposed related approaches without special designs such as block-wise masking and tokenization via discrete VAE or clustering. To study what let the masked image modeling task learn good representations, we systematically study the major components in our framework, and find that simple designs of each component have revealed very strong representation learning performance: 1) random masking of the input image with a moderately large masked patch size (e.g., 32) makes a strong pre-text task; 2) predicting raw pixels of RGB values by direct regression performs no worse than the patch classification approaches with complex designs; 3) the prediction head can be as light as a linear layer, with no worse performance than heavier ones. Using ViT-B, our approach achieves 83.8% top-1 fine-tuning accuracy on ImageNet-1K by pre-training also on this dataset, surpassing previous best approach by +0.6%. When applied on a larger model of about 650 million parameters, SwinV2-H, it achieves 87.1% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K using only ImageNet-1K data. We also leverage this approach to facilitate the training of a 3B model (SwinV2-G), that by $40\times$ less data than that in previous practice, we achieve the state-of-the-art on four representative vision benchmarks. The code and models will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/SimMIM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Swin Transformer V2: Scaling Up Capacity and Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09883.pdf)
>  We present techniques for scaling Swin Transformer up to 3 billion parameters and making it capable of training with images of up to 1,536$\times$1,536 resolution. By scaling up capacity and resolution, Swin Transformer sets new records on four representative vision benchmarks: 84.0% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-V2 image classification, 63.1/54.4 box/mask mAP on COCO object detection, 59.9 mIoU on ADE20K semantic segmentation, and 86.8% top-1 accuracy on Kinetics-400 video action classification. Our techniques are generally applicable for scaling up vision models, which has not been widely explored as that of NLP language models, partly due to the following difficulties in training and applications: 1) vision models often face instability issues at scale and 2) many downstream vision tasks require high resolution images or windows and it is not clear how to effectively transfer models pre-trained at low resolutions to higher resolution ones. The GPU memory consumption is also a problem when the image resolution is high. To address these issues, we present several techniques, which are illustrated by using Swin Transformer as a case study: 1) a post normalization technique and a scaled cosine attention approach to improve the stability of large vision models; 2) a log-spaced continuous position bias technique to effectively transfer models pre-trained at low-resolution images and windows to their higher-resolution counterparts. In addition, we share our crucial implementation details that lead to significant savings of GPU memory consumption and thus make it feasible to train large vision models with regular GPUs. Using these techniques and self-supervised pre-training, we successfully train a strong 3B Swin Transformer model and effectively transfer it to various vision tasks involving high-resolution images or windows, achieving the state-of-the-art accuracy on a variety of benchmarks.      
### 5.Restormer: Efficient Transformer for High-Resolution Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09881.pdf)
>  Since convolutional neural networks (CNNs) perform well at learning generalizable image priors from large-scale data, these models have been extensively applied to image restoration and related tasks. Recently, another class of neural architectures, Transformers, have shown significant performance gains on natural language and high-level vision tasks. While the Transformer model mitigates the shortcomings of CNNs (i.e., limited receptive field and inadaptability to input content), its computational complexity grows quadratically with the spatial resolution, therefore making it infeasible to apply to most image restoration tasks involving high-resolution images. In this work, we propose an efficient Transformer model by making several key designs in the building blocks (multi-head attention and feed-forward network) such that it can capture long-range pixel interactions, while still remaining applicable to large images. Our model, named Restoration Transformer (Restormer), achieves state-of-the-art results on several image restoration tasks, including image deraining, single-image motion deblurring, defocus deblurring (single-image and dual-pixel data), and image denoising (Gaussian grayscale/color denoising, and real image denoising). The source code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/swz30/Restormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.One-Shot Generative Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09876.pdf)
>  This work aims at transferring a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) pre-trained on one image domain to a new domain referring to as few as just one target image. The main challenge is that, under limited supervision, it is extremely difficult to synthesize photo-realistic and highly diverse images, while acquiring representative characters of the target. Different from existing approaches that adopt the vanilla fine-tuning strategy, we import two lightweight modules to the generator and the discriminator respectively. Concretely, we introduce an attribute adaptor into the generator yet freeze its original parameters, through which it can reuse the prior knowledge to the most extent and hence maintain the synthesis quality and diversity. We then equip the well-learned discriminator backbone with an attribute classifier to ensure that the generator captures the appropriate characters from the reference. Furthermore, considering the poor diversity of the training data (i.e., as few as only one image), we propose to also constrain the diversity of the generative domain in the training process, alleviating the optimization difficulty. Our approach brings appealing results under various settings, substantially surpassing state-of-the-art alternatives, especially in terms of synthesis diversity. Noticeably, our method works well even with large domain gaps, and robustly converges within a few minutes for each experiment.      
### 7.Postdisaster image-based damage detection and repair cost estimation of reinforced concrete buildings using dual convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09862.pdf)
>  Reinforced concrete buildings are commonly used around the world. With recent earthquakes worldwide, rapid structural damage inspection and repair cost evaluation are crucial for building owners and policy makers to make informed risk management decisions. To improve the efficiency of such inspection, advanced computer vision techniques based on convolution neural networks have been adopted in recent research to rapidly quantify the damage state of structures. In this paper, an advanced object detection neural network, named YOLO-v2, is implemented which achieves 98.2% and 84.5% average precision in training and testing, respectively. The proposed YOLO-v2 is used in combination with the classification neural network, which improves the identification accuracy for critical damage state of reinforced concrete structures by 7.5%. The improved classification procedures allow engineers to rapidly and more accurately quantify the damage states of the structure, and also localize the critical damage features. The identified damage state can then be integrated with the state-of-the-art performance evaluation framework to quantify the financial losses of critical reinforced concrete buildings. The results can be used by the building owners and decision makers to make informed risk management decisions immediately after the strong earthquake shaking. Hence, resources can be allocated rapidly to improve the resiliency of the community.      
### 8.Edge-preserving Domain Adaptation for semantic segmentation of Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09847.pdf)
>  Domain Adaptation is a technique to address the lack of massive amounts of labeled data in unseen environments. Unsupervised domain adaptation is proposed to adapt a model to new modalities using solely labeled source data and unlabeled target domain data. Though many image-spaces domain adaptation methods have been proposed to capture pixel-level domain-shift, such techniques may fail to maintain high-level semantic information for the segmentation task. For the case of biomedical images, fine details such as blood vessels can be lost during the image transformation operations between domains. In this work, we propose a model that adapts between domains using cycle-consistent loss while maintaining edge details of the original images by enforcing an edge-based loss during the adaptation process. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm by comparing it to other approaches on two eye fundus vessels segmentation datasets. We achieve 1.1 to 9.2 increment in DICE score compared to the SOTA and ~5.2 increments compared to a vanilla CycleGAN implementation.      
### 9.TransMix: Attend to Mix for Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09833.pdf)
>  Mixup-based augmentation has been found to be effective for generalizing models during training, especially for Vision Transformers (ViTs) since they can easily overfit. However, previous mixup-based methods have an underlying prior knowledge that the linearly interpolated ratio of targets should be kept the same as the ratio proposed in input interpolation. This may lead to a strange phenomenon that sometimes there is no valid object in the mixed image due to the random process in augmentation but there is still response in the label space. To bridge such gap between the input and label spaces, we propose TransMix, which mixes labels based on the attention maps of Vision Transformers. The confidence of the label will be larger if the corresponding input image is weighted higher by the attention map. TransMix is embarrassingly simple and can be implemented in just a few lines of code without introducing any extra parameters and FLOPs to ViT-based models. Experimental results show that our method can consistently improve various ViT-based models at scales on ImageNet classification. After pre-trained with TransMix on ImageNet, the ViT-based models also demonstrate better transferability to semantic segmentation, object detection and instance segmentation. TransMix also exhibits to be more robust when evaluating on 4 different benchmarks. Code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Beckschen/TransMix" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.LiDAR Cluster First and Camera Inference Later: A New Perspective Towards Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09799.pdf)
>  Object detection in state-of-the-art Autonomous Vehicles (AV) framework relies heavily on deep neural networks. Typically, these networks perform object detection uniformly on the entire camera LiDAR frames. However, this uniformity jeopardizes the safety of the AV by giving the same priority to all objects in the scenes regardless of their risk of collision to the AV. In this paper, we present a new end-to-end pipeline for AV that introduces the concept of LiDAR cluster first and camera inference later to detect and classify objects. The benefits of our proposed framework are twofold. First, our pipeline prioritizes detecting objects that pose a higher risk of collision to the AV, giving more time for the AV to react to unsafe conditions. Second, it also provides, on average, faster inference speeds compared to popular deep neural network pipelines. We design our framework using the real-world datasets, the Waymo Open Dataset, solving challenges arising from the limitations of LiDAR sensors and object detection algorithms. We show that our novel object detection pipeline prioritizes the detection of higher risk objects while simultaneously achieving comparable accuracy and a 25% higher average speed compared to camera inference only.      
### 11.Boosting Supervised Learning Performance with Co-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09797.pdf)
>  Deep learning perception models require a massive amount of labeled training data to achieve good performance. While unlabeled data is easy to acquire, the cost of labeling is prohibitive and could create a tremendous burden on companies or individuals. Recently, self-supervision has emerged as an alternative to leveraging unlabeled data. In this paper, we propose a new light-weight self-supervised learning framework that could boost supervised learning performance with minimum additional computation cost. Here, we introduce a simple and flexible multi-task co-training framework that integrates a self-supervised task into any supervised task. Our approach exploits pretext tasks to incur minimum compute and parameter overheads and minimal disruption to existing training pipelines. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework by using two self-supervised tasks, object detection and panoptic segmentation, on different perception models. Our results show that both self-supervised tasks can improve the accuracy of the supervised task and, at the same time, demonstrates strong domain adaption capability when used with additional unlabeled data.      
### 12.Wiggling Weights to Improve the Robustness of Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09779.pdf)
>  Robustness against unwanted perturbations is an important aspect of deploying neural network classifiers in the real world. Common natural perturbations include noise, saturation, occlusion, viewpoint changes, and blur deformations. All of them can be modelled by the newly proposed transform-augmented convolutional networks. While many approaches for robustness train the network by providing augmented data to the network, we aim to integrate perturbations in the network architecture to achieve improved and more general robustness. To demonstrate that wiggling the weights consistently improves classification, we choose a standard network and modify it to a transform-augmented network. On perturbed CIFAR-10 images, the modified network delivers a better performance than the original network. For the much smaller STL-10 dataset, in addition to delivering better general robustness, wiggling even improves the classification of unperturbed, clean images substantially. We conclude that wiggled transform-augmented networks acquire good robustness even for perturbations not seen during training.      
### 13.The Way to my Heart is through Contrastive Learning: Remote Photoplethysmography from Unlabelled Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09748.pdf)
>  The ability to reliably estimate physiological signals from video is a powerful tool in low-cost, pre-clinical health monitoring. In this work we propose a new approach to remote photoplethysmography (rPPG) - the measurement of blood volume changes from observations of a person's face or skin. Similar to current state-of-the-art methods for rPPG, we apply neural networks to learn deep representations with invariance to nuisance image variation. In contrast to such methods, we employ a fully self-supervised training approach, which has no reliance on expensive ground truth physiological training data. Our proposed method uses contrastive learning with a weak prior over the frequency and temporal smoothness of the target signal of interest. We evaluate our approach on four rPPG datasets, showing that comparable or better results can be achieved compared to recent supervised deep learning methods but without using any annotation. In addition, we incorporate a learned saliency resampling module into both our unsupervised approach and supervised baseline. We show that by allowing the model to learn where to sample the input image, we can reduce the need for hand-engineered features while providing some interpretability into the model's behavior and possible failure modes. We release code for our complete training and evaluation pipeline to encourage reproducible progress in this exciting new direction.      
### 14.Interactive segmentation using U-Net with weight map and dynamic user interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09740.pdf)
>  Interactive segmentation has recently attracted attention for specialized tasks where expert input is required to further enhance the segmentation performance. In this work, we propose a novel interactive segmentation framework, where user clicks are dynamically adapted in size based on the current segmentation mask. The clicked regions form a weight map and are fed to a deep neural network as a novel weighted loss function. To evaluate our loss function, an interactive U-Net (IU-Net) model which applies both foreground and background user clicks as the main method of interaction is employed. We train and validate on the BCV dataset, while testing on spleen and colon cancer CT images from the MSD dataset to improve the overall segmentation accuracy in comparison to the standard U-Net using our weighted loss function. Applying dynamic user click sizes increases the overall accuracy by 5.60% and 10.39% respectively by utilizing only a single user interaction.      
### 15.ClipCap: CLIP Prefix for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09734.pdf)
>  Image captioning is a fundamental task in vision-language understanding, where the model predicts a textual informative caption to a given input image. In this paper, we present a simple approach to address this task. We use CLIP encoding as a prefix to the caption, by employing a simple mapping network, and then fine-tunes a language model to generate the image captions. The recently proposed CLIP model contains rich semantic features which were trained with textual context, making it best for vision-language perception. Our key idea is that together with a pre-trained language model (GPT2), we obtain a wide understanding of both visual and textual data. Hence, our approach only requires rather quick training to produce a competent captioning model. Without additional annotations or pre-training, it efficiently generates meaningful captions for large-scale and diverse datasets. Surprisingly, our method works well even when only the mapping network is trained, while both CLIP and the language model remain frozen, allowing a lighter architecture with less trainable parameters. Through quantitative evaluation, we demonstrate our model achieves comparable results to state-of-the-art methods on the challenging Conceptual Captions and nocaps datasets, while it is simpler, faster, and lighter. Our code is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rmokady/CLIP_prefix_caption" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Perceiving and Modeling Density is All You Need for Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09733.pdf)
>  In the real world, the degradation of images taken under haze can be quite complex, where the spatial distribution of haze is varied from image to image. Recent methods adopt deep neural networks to recover clean scenes from hazy images directly. However, due to the paradox caused by the variation of real captured haze and the fixed degradation parameters of the current networks, the generalization ability of recent dehazing methods on real-world hazy images is not <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://ideal.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> address the problem of modeling real-world haze degradation, we propose to solve this problem by perceiving and modeling density for uneven haze distribution. We propose a novel Separable Hybrid Attention (SHA) module to encode haze density by capturing features in the orthogonal directions to achieve this goal. Moreover, a density map is proposed to model the uneven distribution of the haze explicitly. The density map generates positional encoding in a semi-supervised way. Such a haze density perceiving and modeling capture the unevenly distributed degeneration at the feature level effectively. Through a suitable combination of SHA and density map, we design a novel dehazing network architecture, which achieves a good complexity-performance trade-off. The extensive experiments on two large-scale datasets demonstrate that our method surpasses all state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin both quantitatively and qualitatively, boosting the best published PSNR metric from 28.53 dB to 33.49 dB on the Haze4k test dataset and from 37.17 dB to 38.41 dB on the SOTS indoor test dataset.      
### 17.SUB-Depth: Self-distillation and Uncertainty Boosting Self-supervised Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09692.pdf)
>  We propose SUB-Depth, a universal multi-task training framework for self-supervised monocular depth estimation (SDE). Depth models trained with SUB-Depth outperform the same models trained in a standard single-task SDE framework. By introducing an additional self-distillation task into a standard SDE training framework, SUB-Depth trains a depth network, not only to predict the depth map for an image reconstruction task, but also to distill knowledge from a trained teacher network with unlabelled data. To take advantage of this multi-task setting, we propose homoscedastic uncertainty formulations for each task to penalize areas likely to be affected by teacher network noise, or violate SDE assumptions. We present extensive evaluations on KITTI to demonstrate the improvements achieved by training a range of existing networks using the proposed framework, and we achieve state-of-the-art performance on this task. Additionally, SUB-Depth enables models to estimate uncertainty on depth output.      
### 18.Evaluating Transformers for Lightweight Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09641.pdf)
>  In video action recognition, transformers consistently reach state-of-the-art accuracy. However, many models are too heavyweight for the average researcher with limited hardware resources. In this work, we explore the limitations of video transformers for lightweight action recognition. We benchmark 13 video transformers and baselines across 3 large-scale datasets and 10 hardware devices. Our study is the first to evaluate the efficiency of action recognition models in depth across multiple devices and train a wide range of video transformers under the same conditions. We categorize current methods into three classes and show that composite transformers that augment convolutional backbones are best at lightweight action recognition, despite lacking accuracy. Meanwhile, attention-only models need more motion modeling capabilities and stand-alone attention block models currently incur too much latency overhead. Our experiments conclude that current video transformers are not yet capable of lightweight action recognition on par with traditional convolutional baselines, and that the previously mentioned shortcomings need to be addressed to bridge this gap. Code to reproduce our experiments will be made publicly available.      
### 19.Automatic Neural Network Pruning that Efficiently Preserves the Model Accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09635.pdf)
>  Neural networks performance has been significantly improved in the last few years, at the cost of an increasing number of floating point operations per second (FLOPs). However, more FLOPs can be an issue when computational resources are limited. As an attempt to solve this problem, pruning filters is a common solution, but most existing pruning methods do not preserve the model accuracy efficiently and therefore require a large number of finetuning epochs. In this paper, we propose an automatic pruning method that learns which neurons to preserve in order to maintain the model accuracy while reducing the FLOPs to a predefined target. To accomplish this task, we introduce a trainable bottleneck that only requires one single epoch with 25.6% (CIFAR-10) or 7.49% (ILSVRC2012) of the dataset to learn which filters to prune. Experiments on various architectures and datasets show that the proposed method can not only preserve the accuracy after pruning but also outperform existing methods after finetuning. We achieve a 52.00% FLOPs reduction on ResNet-50, with a Top-1 accuracy of 47.51% after pruning and a state-of-the-art (SOTA) accuracy of 76.63% after finetuning on ILSVRC2012. Code is available at (link anonymized for review).      
### 20.IMFNet: Interpretable Multimodal Fusion for Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09624.pdf)
>  The existing state-of-the-art point descriptor relies on structure information only, which omit the texture information. However, texture information is crucial for our humans to distinguish a scene part. Moreover, the current learning-based point descriptors are all black boxes which are unclear how the original points contribute to the final descriptor. In this paper, we propose a new multimodal fusion method to generate a point cloud registration descriptor by considering both structure and texture information. Specifically, a novel attention-fusion module is designed to extract the weighted texture information for the descriptor extraction. In addition, we propose an interpretable module to explain the original points in contributing to the final descriptor. We use the descriptor element as the loss to backpropagate to the target layer and consider the gradient as the significance of this point to the final descriptor. This paper moves one step further to explainable deep learning in the registration task. Comprehensive experiments on 3DMatch, 3DLoMatch and KITTI demonstrate that the multimodal fusion descriptor achieves state-of-the-art accuracy and improve the descriptor's distinctiveness. We also demonstrate that our interpretable module in explaining the registration descriptor extraction.      
### 21.SimpleTrack: Understanding and Rethinking 3D Multi-object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09621.pdf)
>  3D multi-object tracking (MOT) has witnessed numerous novel benchmarks and approaches in recent years, especially those under the "tracking-by-detection" paradigm. Despite their progress and usefulness, an in-depth analysis of their strengths and weaknesses is not yet available. In this paper, we summarize current 3D MOT methods into a unified framework by decomposing them into four constituent parts: pre-processing of detection, association, motion model, and life cycle management. We then ascribe the failure cases of existing algorithms to each component and investigate them in detail. Based on the analyses, we propose corresponding improvements which lead to a strong yet simple baseline: SimpleTrack. Comprehensive experimental results on Waymo Open Dataset and nuScenes demonstrate that our final method could achieve new state-of-the-art results with minor modifications. <br>Furthermore, we take additional steps and rethink whether current benchmarks authentically reflect the ability of algorithms for real-world challenges. We delve into the details of existing benchmarks and find some intriguing facts. Finally, we analyze the distribution and causes of remaining failures in \name\ and propose future directions for 3D MOT. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TuSimple/SimpleTrack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Robust Person Re-identification with Multi-Modal Joint Defence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09571.pdf)
>  The Person Re-identification (ReID) system based on metric learning has been proved to inherit the vulnerability of deep neural networks (DNNs), which are easy to be fooled by adversarail metric attacks. Existing work mainly relies on adversarial training for metric defense, and more methods have not been fully studied. By exploring the impact of attacks on the underlying features, we propose targeted methods for metric attacks and defence methods. In terms of metric attack, we use the local color deviation to construct the intra-class variation of the input to attack color features. In terms of metric defenses, we propose a joint defense method which includes two parts of proactive defense and passive defense. Proactive defense helps to enhance the robustness of the model to color variations and the learning of structure relations across multiple modalities by constructing different inputs from multimodal images, and passive defense exploits the invariance of structural features in a changing pixel space by circuitous scaling to preserve structural features while eliminating some of the adversarial noise. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed joint defense compared with the existing adversarial metric defense methods which not only against multiple attacks at the same time but also has not significantly reduced the generalization capacity of the model. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/finger-monkey/multi-modal_joint_defence" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Adaptive Shrink-Mask for Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09560.pdf)
>  Existing real-time text detectors reconstruct text contours by shrink-masks directly, which simplifies the framework and can make the model run fast. However, the strong dependence on predicted shrink-masks leads to unstable detection results. Moreover, the discrimination of shrink-masks is a pixelwise prediction task. Supervising the network by shrink-masks only will lose much semantic context, which leads to the false detection of shrink-masks. To address these problems, we construct an efficient text detection network, Adaptive Shrink-Mask for Text Detection (ASMTD), which improves the accuracy during training and reduces the complexity of the inference process. At first, the Adaptive Shrink-Mask (ASM) is proposed to represent texts by shrink-masks and independent adaptive offsets. It weakens the coupling of texts to shrink-masks, which improves the robustness of detection results. Then, the Super-pixel Window (SPW) is designed to supervise the network. It utilizes the surroundings of each pixel to improve the reliability of predicted shrink-masks and does not appear during testing. In the end, a lightweight feature merging branch is constructed to reduce the computational cost. As demonstrated in the experiments, our method is superior to existing state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods in both detection accuracy and speed on multiple benchmarks.      
### 24.Deep neural networks-based denoising models for CT imaging and their efficacy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09539.pdf)
>  Most of the Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) based CT image denoising literature shows that DNNs outperform traditional iterative methods in terms of metrics such as the RMSE, the PSNR and the SSIM. In many instances, using the same metrics, the DNN results from low-dose inputs are also shown to be comparable to their high-dose counterparts. However, these metrics do not reveal if the DNN results preserve the visibility of subtle lesions or if they alter the CT image properties such as the noise texture. Accordingly, in this work, we seek to examine the image quality of the DNN results from a holistic viewpoint for low-dose CT image denoising. First, we build a library of advanced DNN denoising architectures. This library is comprised of denoising architectures such as the DnCNN, U-Net, Red-Net, GAN, etc. Next, each network is modeled, as well as trained, such that it yields its best performance in terms of the PSNR and SSIM. As such, data inputs (e.g. training patch-size, reconstruction kernel) and numeric-optimizer inputs (e.g. minibatch size, learning rate, loss function) are accordingly tuned. Finally, outputs from thus trained networks are further subjected to a series of CT bench testing metrics such as the contrast-dependent MTF, the NPS and the HU accuracy. These metrics are employed to perform a more nuanced study of the resolution of the DNN outputs' low-contrast features, their noise textures, and their CT number accuracy to better understand the impact each DNN algorithm has on these underlying attributes of image quality.      
### 25.Learning Modified Indicator Functions for Surface Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09526.pdf)
>  Surface reconstruction is a fundamental problem in 3D graphics. In this paper, we propose a learning-based approach for implicit surface reconstruction from raw point clouds without normals. Our method is inspired by Gauss Lemma in potential energy theory, which gives an explicit integral formula for the indicator functions. We design a novel deep neural network to perform surface integral and learn the modified indicator functions from un-oriented and noisy point clouds. We concatenate features with different scales for accurate point-wise contributions to the integral. Moreover, we propose a novel Surface Element Feature Extractor to learn local shape properties. Experiments show that our method generates smooth surfaces with high normal consistency from point clouds with different noise scales and achieves state-of-the-art reconstruction performance compared with current data-driven and non-data-driven approaches.      
### 26.RAANet: Range-Aware Attention Network for LiDAR-based 3D Object Detection with Auxiliary Density Level Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09515.pdf)
>  3D object detection from LiDAR data for autonomous driving has been making remarkable strides in recent years. Among the state-of-the-art methodologies, encoding point clouds into a bird's-eye view (BEV) has been demonstrated to be both effective and efficient. Different from perspective views, BEV preserves rich spatial and distance information between objects; and while farther objects of the same type do not appear smaller in the BEV, they contain sparser point cloud features. This fact weakens BEV feature extraction using shared-weight convolutional neural networks. In order to address this challenge, we propose Range-Aware Attention Network (RAANet), which extracts more powerful BEV features and generates superior 3D object detections. The range-aware attention (RAA) convolutions significantly improve feature extraction for near as well as far objects. Moreover, we propose a novel auxiliary loss for density estimation to further enhance the detection accuracy of RAANet for occluded objects. It is worth to note that our proposed RAA convolution is lightweight and compatible to be integrated into any CNN architecture used for the BEV detection. Extensive experiments on the nuScenes dataset demonstrate that our proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for LiDAR-based 3D object detection, with real-time inference speed of 16 Hz for the full version and 22 Hz for the lite version. The code is publicly available at an anonymous Github repository <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/anonymous0522/RAAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Blind VQA on 360° Video via Progressively Learning from Pixels, Frames and Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09503.pdf)
>  Blind visual quality assessment (BVQA) on 360{\textdegree} video plays a key role in optimizing immersive multimedia systems. When assessing the quality of 360{\textdegree} video, human tends to perceive its quality degradation from the viewport-based spatial distortion of each spherical frame to motion artifact across adjacent frames, ending with the video-level quality score, i.e., a progressive quality assessment paradigm. However, the existing BVQA approaches for 360{\textdegree} video neglect this paradigm. In this paper, we take into account the progressive paradigm of human perception towards spherical video quality, and thus propose a novel BVQA approach (namely ProVQA) for 360{\textdegree} video via progressively learning from pixels, frames and video. Corresponding to the progressive learning of pixels, frames and video, three sub-nets are designed in our ProVQA approach, i.e., the spherical perception aware quality prediction (SPAQ), motion perception aware quality prediction (MPAQ) and multi-frame temporal non-local (MFTN) sub-nets. The SPAQ sub-net first models the spatial quality degradation based on spherical perception mechanism of human. Then, by exploiting motion cues across adjacent frames, the MPAQ sub-net properly incorporates motion contextual information for quality assessment on 360{\textdegree} video. Finally, the MFTN sub-net aggregates multi-frame quality degradation to yield the final quality score, via exploring long-term quality correlation from multiple frames. The experiments validate that our approach significantly advances the state-of-the-art BVQA performance on 360{\textdegree} video over two datasets, the code of which has been public in \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yanglixiaoshen/ProVQA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.}      
### 28.Dynamically pruning segformer for efficient semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09499.pdf)
>  As one of the successful Transformer-based models in computer vision tasks, SegFormer demonstrates superior performance in semantic segmentation. Nevertheless, the high computational cost greatly challenges the deployment of SegFormer on edge devices. In this paper, we seek to design a lightweight SegFormer for efficient semantic segmentation. Based on the observation that neurons in SegFormer layers exhibit large variances across different images, we propose a dynamic gated linear layer, which prunes the most uninformative set of neurons based on the input instance. To improve the dynamically pruned SegFormer, we also introduce two-stage knowledge distillation to transfer the knowledge within the original teacher to the pruned student network. Experimental results show that our method can significantly reduce the computation overhead of SegFormer without an apparent performance drop. For instance, we can achieve 36.9% mIoU with only 3.3G FLOPs on ADE20K, saving more than 60% computation with the drop of only 0.5% in mIoU      
### 29.Developing a Machine Learning Algorithm-Based Classification Models for the Detection of High-Energy Gamma Particles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09496.pdf)
>  Cherenkov gamma telescope observes high energy gamma rays, taking advantage of the radiation emitted by charged particles produced inside the electromagnetic showers initiated by the gammas, and developing in the atmosphere. The detector records and allows for the reconstruction of the shower parameters. The reconstruction of the parameter values was achieved using a Monte Carlo simulation algorithm called CORSIKA. The present study developed multiple machine-learning-based classification models and evaluated their performance. Different data transformation and feature extraction techniques were applied to the dataset to assess the impact on two separate performance metrics. The results of the proposed application reveal that the different data transformations did not significantly impact (p = 0.3165) the performance of the models. A pairwise comparison indicates that the performance from each transformed data was not significantly different from the performance of the raw data. Additionally, the SVM algorithm produced the highest performance score on the standardized dataset. In conclusion, this study suggests that high-energy gamma particles can be predicted with sufficient accuracy using SVM on a standardized dataset than the other algorithms with the various data transformations.      
### 30.Reference-based Magnetic Resonance Image Reconstruction Using Texture Transforme  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09492.pdf)
>  Deep Learning (DL) based methods for magnetic resonance (MR) image reconstruction have been shown to produce superior performance in recent years. However, these methods either only leverage under-sampled data or require a paired fully-sampled auxiliary modality to perform multi-modal reconstruction. Consequently, existing approaches neglect to explore attention mechanisms that can transfer textures from reference fully-sampled data to under-sampled data within a single modality, which limits these approaches in challenging cases. In this paper, we propose a novel Texture Transformer Module (TTM) for accelerated MRI reconstruction, in which we formulate the under-sampled data and reference data as queries and keys in a transformer. The TTM facilitates joint feature learning across under-sampled and reference data, so the feature correspondences can be discovered by attention and accurate texture features can be leveraged during reconstruction. Notably, the proposed TTM can be stacked on prior MRI reconstruction approaches to further improve their performance. Extensive experiments show that TTM can significantly improve the performance of several popular DL-based MRI reconstruction methods.      
### 31.3D Lip Event Detection via Interframe Motion Divergence at Multiple Temporal Resolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09485.pdf)
>  The lip is a dominant dynamic facial unit when a person is speaking. Detecting lip events is beneficial to speech analysis and support for the hearing impaired. This paper proposes a 3D lip event detection pipeline that automatically determines the lip events from a 3D speaking lip sequence. We define a motion divergence measure using 3D lip landmarks to quantify the interframe dynamics of a 3D speaking lip. Then, we cast the interframe motion detection in a multi-temporal-resolution framework that allows the detection to be applicable to different speaking speeds. The experiments on the S3DFM Dataset investigate the overall 3D lip dynamics based on the proposed motion divergence. The proposed 3D pipeline is able to detect opening and closing lip events across 100 sequences, achieving a state-of-the-art performance.      
### 32.Towards Open Vocabulary Object Detection without Human-provided Bounding Boxes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09452.pdf)
>  Despite great progress in object detection, most existing methods are limited to a small set of object categories, due to the tremendous human effort needed for instance-level bounding-box annotation. To alleviate the problem, recent open vocabulary and zero-shot detection methods attempt to detect object categories not seen during training. However, these approaches still rely on manually provided bounding-box annotations on a set of base classes. We propose an open vocabulary detection framework that can be trained without manually provided bounding-box annotations. Our method achieves this by leveraging the localization ability of pre-trained vision-language models and generating pseudo bounding-box labels that can be used directly for training object detectors. Experimental results on COCO, PASCAL VOC, Objects365 and LVIS demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. Specifically, our method outperforms the state-of-the-arts (SOTA) that are trained using human annotated bounding-boxes by 3% AP on COCO novel categories even though our training source is not equipped with manual bounding-box labels. When utilizing the manual bounding-box labels as our baselines do, our method surpasses the SOTA largely by 8% AP.      
### 33.Efficient deep learning models for land cover image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09451.pdf)
>  The availability of the sheer volume of Copernicus Sentinel imagery has created new opportunities for land use land cover (LULC) mapping at large scales using deep learning. Training on such large datasets though is a non-trivial task. In this work we experiment with the BigEarthNet dataset for LULC image classification and benchmark different state-of-the-art models, including Convolution Neural Networks, Multi-Layer Perceptrons, Visual Transformers, EfficientNets and Wide Residual Networks (WRN) architectures. Our aim is to leverage classification accuracy, training time and inference rate. We propose a framework based on EfficientNets for compound scaling of WRNs in terms of network depth, width and input data resolution, for efficiently training and testing different model setups. We design a novel scaled WRN architecture enhanced with an Efficient Channel Attention mechanism. Our proposed lightweight model has an order of magnitude less trainable parameters, achieves 4.5% higher averaged f-score classification accuracy for all 19 LULC classes and is trained two times faster with respect to a ResNet50 state-of-the-art model that we use as a baseline. We provide access to more than 50 trained models, along with our code for distributed training on multiple GPU nodes.      
### 34.See Eye to Eye: A Lidar-Agnostic 3D Detection Framework for Unsupervised Multi-Target Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09450.pdf)
>  Sampling discrepancies between different manufacturers and models of lidar sensors result in inconsistent representations of objects. This leads to performance degradation when 3D detectors trained for one lidar are tested on other types of lidars. Remarkable progress in lidar manufacturing has brought about advances in mechanical, solid-state, and recently, adjustable scan pattern lidars. For the latter, existing works often require fine-tuning the model each time scan patterns are adjusted, which is infeasible. We explicitly deal with the sampling discrepancy by proposing a novel unsupervised multi-target domain adaptation framework, SEE, for transferring the performance of state-of-the-art 3D detectors across both fixed and flexible scan pattern lidars without requiring fine-tuning of models by end-users. Our approach interpolates the underlying geometry and normalizes the scan pattern of objects from different lidars before passing them to the detection network. We demonstrate the effectiveness of SEE on public datasets, achieving state-of-the-art results, and additionally provide quantitative results on a novel high-resolution lidar to prove the industry applications of our framework. This dataset and our code will be made publicly available.      
### 35.Rethinking Drone-Based Search and Rescue with Aerial Person Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09406.pdf)
>  The visual inspection of aerial drone footage is an integral part of land search and rescue (SAR) operations today. Since this inspection is a slow, tedious and error-prone job for humans, we propose a novel deep learning algorithm to automate this aerial person detection (APD) task. We experiment with model architecture selection, online data augmentation, transfer learning, image tiling and several other techniques to improve the test performance of our method. We present the novel Aerial Inspection RetinaNet (AIR) algorithm as the combination of these contributions. The AIR detector demonstrates state-of-the-art performance on a commonly used SAR test data set in terms of both precision (~21 percentage point increase) and speed. In addition, we provide a new formal definition for the APD problem in SAR missions. That is, we propose a novel evaluation scheme that ranks detectors in terms of real-world SAR localization requirements. Finally, we propose a novel postprocessing method for robust, approximate object localization: the merging of overlapping bounding boxes (MOB) algorithm. This final processing stage used in the AIR detector significantly improves its performance and usability in the face of real-world aerial SAR missions.      
### 36.Fine-Grained Vehicle Classification in Urban Traffic Scenes using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09403.pdf)
>  The increasingly dense traffic is becoming a challenge in our local settings, urging the need for a better traffic monitoring and management system. Fine-grained vehicle classification appears to be a challenging task as compared to vehicle coarse classification. Exploring a robust approach for vehicle detection and classification into fine-grained categories is therefore essentially required. Existing Vehicle Make and Model Recognition (VMMR) systems have been developed on synchronized and controlled traffic conditions. Need for robust VMMR in complex, urban, heterogeneous, and unsynchronized traffic conditions still remain an open research area. In this paper, vehicle detection and fine-grained classification are addressed using deep learning. To perform fine-grained classification with related complexities, local dataset THS-10 having high intra-class and low interclass variation is exclusively prepared. The dataset consists of 4250 vehicle images of 10 vehicle models, i.e., Honda City, Honda Civic, Suzuki Alto, Suzuki Bolan, Suzuki Cultus, Suzuki Mehran, Suzuki Ravi, Suzuki Swift, Suzuki Wagon R and Toyota Corolla. This dataset is available online. Two approaches have been explored and analyzed for classification of vehicles i.e, fine-tuning, and feature extraction from deep neural networks. A comparative study is performed, and it is demonstrated that simpler approaches can produce good results in local environment to deal with complex issues such as dense occlusion and lane departures. Hence reducing computational load and time, e.g. fine-tuning Inception-v3 produced highest accuracy of 97.4% with lowest misclassification rate of 2.08%. Fine-tuning MobileNet-v2 and ResNet-18 produced 96.8% and 95.7% accuracies, respectively. Extracting features from fc6 layer of AlexNet produces an accuracy of 93.5% with a misclassification rate of 6.5%.      
### 37.DeepCurrents: Learning Implicit Representations of Shapes with Boundaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09383.pdf)
>  Recent techniques have been successful in reconstructing surfaces as level sets of learned functions (such as signed distance fields) parameterized by deep neural networks. Many of these methods, however, learn only closed surfaces and are unable to reconstruct shapes with boundary curves. We propose a hybrid shape representation that combines explicit boundary curves with implicit learned interiors. Using machinery from geometric measure theory, we parameterize currents using deep networks and use stochastic gradient descent to solve a minimal surface problem. By modifying the metric according to target geometry coming, e.g., from a mesh or point cloud, we can use this approach to represent arbitrary surfaces, learning implicitly defined shapes with explicitly defined boundary curves. We further demonstrate learning families of shapes jointly parameterized by boundary curves and latent codes.      
### 38.MPF6D: Masked Pyramid Fusion 6D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09378.pdf)
>  Object pose estimation has multiple important applications, such as robotic grasping and augmented reality. We present a new method to estimate the 6D pose of objects that improves upon the accuracy of current proposals and can still be used in real-time. Our method uses RGB-D data as input to segment objects and estimate their pose. It uses a neural network with multiple heads, one head estimates the object classification and generates the mask, the second estimates the values of the translation vector and the last head estimates the values of the quaternion that represents the rotation of the object. These heads leverage a pyramid architecture used during feature extraction and feature fusion. Our method can be used in real-time with its low inference time of 0.12 seconds and has high accuracy. With this combination of fast inference and good accuracy it is possible to use our method in robotic pick and place tasks and/or augmented reality applications.      
### 39.Temporally Consistent Online Depth Estimation in Dynamic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09337.pdf)
>  Temporally consistent depth estimation is crucial for real-time applications such as augmented reality. While stereo depth estimation has received substantial attention that led to improvements on a frame-by-frame basis, there is relatively little work focused on maintaining temporal consistency across frames. Indeed, based on our analysis, current stereo depth estimation techniques still suffer from poor temporal consistency. Stabilizing depth temporally in dynamic scenes is challenging due to concurrent object and camera motion. In an online setting, this process is further aggravated because only past frames are available. In this paper, we present a technique to produce temporally consistent depth estimates in dynamic scenes in an online setting. Our network augments current per-frame stereo networks with novel motion and fusion networks. The motion network accounts for both object and camera motion by predicting a per-pixel SE3 transformation. The fusion network improves consistency in prediction by aggregating the current and previous predictions with regressed weights. We conduct extensive experiments across varied datasets (synthetic, outdoor, indoor and medical). In both zero-shot generalization and domain fine-tuning, we demonstrate that our proposed approach outperforms competing methods in terms of temporal stability and per-frame accuracy, both quantitatively and qualitatively. Our code will be available online.      
### 40.Successor Feature Landmarks for Long-Horizon Goal-Conditioned Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09858.pdf)
>  Operating in the real-world often requires agents to learn about a complex environment and apply this understanding to achieve a breadth of goals. This problem, known as goal-conditioned reinforcement learning (GCRL), becomes especially challenging for long-horizon goals. Current methods have tackled this problem by augmenting goal-conditioned policies with graph-based planning algorithms. However, they struggle to scale to large, high-dimensional state spaces and assume access to exploration mechanisms for efficiently collecting training data. In this work, we introduce Successor Feature Landmarks (SFL), a framework for exploring large, high-dimensional environments so as to obtain a policy that is proficient for any goal. SFL leverages the ability of successor features (SF) to capture transition dynamics, using it to drive exploration by estimating state-novelty and to enable high-level planning by abstracting the state-space as a non-parametric landmark-based graph. We further exploit SF to directly compute a goal-conditioned policy for inter-landmark traversal, which we use to execute plans to "frontier" landmarks at the edge of the explored state space. We show in our experiments on MiniGrid and ViZDoom that SFL enables efficient exploration of large, high-dimensional state spaces and outperforms state-of-the-art baselines on long-horizon GCRL tasks.      
### 41.Exploring the Limits of Epistemic Uncertainty Quantification in Low-Shot Settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09808.pdf)
>  Uncertainty quantification in neural network promises to increase safety of AI systems, but it is not clear how performance might vary with the training set size. In this paper we evaluate seven uncertainty methods on Fashion MNIST and CIFAR10, as we sub-sample and produce varied training set sizes. We find that calibration error and out of distribution detection performance strongly depend on the training set size, with most methods being miscalibrated on the test set with small training sets. Gradient-based methods seem to poorly estimate epistemic uncertainty and are the most affected by training set size. We expect our results can guide future research into uncertainty quantification and help practitioners select methods based on their particular available data.      
### 42.Unsupervised Online Learning for Robotic Interestingness with Visual Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09793.pdf)
>  Autonomous robots frequently need to detect "interesting" scenes to decide on further exploration, or to decide which data to share for cooperation. These scenarios often require fast deployment with little or no training data. Prior work considers "interestingness" based on data from the same distribution. Instead, we propose to develop a method that automatically adapts online to the environment to report interesting scenes quickly. To address this problem, we develop a novel translation-invariant visual memory and design a three-stage architecture for long-term, short-term, and online learning, which enables the system to learn human-like experience, environmental knowledge, and online adaption, respectively. With this system, we achieve an average of 20% higher accuracy than the state-of-the-art unsupervised methods in a subterranean tunnel environment. We show comparable performance to supervised methods for robot exploration scenarios showing the efficacy of our approach. We expect that the presented method will play an important role in the robotic interestingness recognition exploration tasks.      
### 43.A Trainable Spectral-Spatial Sparse Coding Model for Hyperspectral Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09708.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral imaging offers new perspectives for diverse applications, ranging from the monitoring of the environment using airborne or satellite remote sensing, precision farming, food safety, planetary exploration, or astrophysics. Unfortunately, the spectral diversity of information comes at the expense of various sources of degradation, and the lack of accurate ground-truth "clean" hyperspectral signals acquired on the spot makes restoration tasks challenging. In particular, training deep neural networks for restoration is difficult, in contrast to traditional RGB imaging problems where deep models tend to shine. In this paper, we advocate instead for a hybrid approach based on sparse coding principles that retains the interpretability of classical techniques encoding domain knowledge with handcrafted image priors, while allowing to train model parameters end-to-end without massive amounts of data. We show on various denoising benchmarks that our method is computationally efficient and significantly outperforms the state of the art.      
### 44.Visual design intuition: Predicting dynamic properties of beams from raw cross-section images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09701.pdf)
>  In this work we aim to mimic the human ability to acquire the intuition to estimate the performance of a design from visual inspection and experience alone. We study the ability of convolutional neural networks to predict static and dynamic properties of cantilever beams directly from their raw cross-section images. Using pixels as the only input, the resulting models learn to predict beam properties such as volume maximum deflection and eigenfrequencies with 4.54% and 1.43% Mean Average Percentage Error (MAPE) respectively, compared to the Finite Element Analysis (FEA) approach. Training these models doesn't require prior knowledge of theory or relevant geometric properties, but rather relies solely on simulated or empirical data, thereby making predictions based on "experience" as opposed to theoretical knowledge. Since this approach is over 1000 times faster than FEA, it can be adopted to create surrogate models that could speed up the preliminary optimization studies where numerous consecutive evaluations of similar geometries are required. We suggest that this modeling approach would aid in addressing challenging optimization problems involving complex structures and physical phenomena for which theoretical models are unavailable.      
### 45.Casting graph isomorphism as a point set registration problem using a simplex embedding and sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09696.pdf)
>  Graph isomorphism is an important problem as its worst-case time complexity is not yet fully understood. In this study, we try to draw parallels between a related optimization problem called point set registration. A graph can be represented as a point set in enough dimensions using a simplex embedding and sampling. Given two graphs, the isomorphism of them corresponds to the existence of a perfect registration between the point set forms of the graphs. In the case of non-isomorphism, the point set form optimization result can be used as a distance measure between two graphs having the same number of vertices and edges. The related idea of equivalence classes suggests that graph canonization may be an important tool in tackling graph isomorphism problem and an orthogonal transformation invariant feature extraction based on this high dimensional point set representation may be fruitful. The concepts presented can also be extended to automorphism, and subgraph isomorphism problems and can also be applied on hypergraphs with certain modifications.      
### 46.Towards Intelligibility-Oriented Audio-Visual Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09642.pdf)
>  Existing deep learning (DL) based speech enhancement approaches are generally optimised to minimise the distance between clean and enhanced speech features. These often result in improved speech quality however they suffer from a lack of generalisation and may not deliver the required speech intelligibility in real noisy situations. In an attempt to address these challenges, researchers have explored intelligibility-oriented (I-O) loss functions and integration of audio-visual (AV) information for more robust speech enhancement (SE). In this paper, we introduce DL based I-O SE algorithms exploiting AV information, which is a novel and previously unexplored research direction. Specifically, we present a fully convolutional AV SE model that uses a modified short-time objective intelligibility (STOI) metric as a training cost function. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that exploits the integration of AV modalities with an I-O based loss function for SE. Comparative experimental results demonstrate that our proposed I-O AV SE framework outperforms audio-only (AO) and AV models trained with conventional distance-based loss functions, in terms of standard objective evaluation measures when dealing with unseen speakers and noises.      
### 47.Recurrent Variational Network: A Deep Learning Inverse Problem Solver applied to the task of Accelerated MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09639.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging can produce detailed images of the anatomy and physiology of the human body that can assist doctors in diagnosing and treating pathologies such as tumours. However, MRI suffers from very long acquisition times that make it susceptible to patient motion artifacts and limit its potential to deliver dynamic treatments. Conventional approaches such as Parallel Imaging and Compressed Sensing allow for an increase in MRI acquisition speed by reconstructing MR images by acquiring less MRI data using multiple receiver coils. Recent advancements in Deep Learning combined with Parallel Imaging and Compressed Sensing techniques have the potential to produce high-fidelity reconstructions from highly accelerated MRI data. In this work we present a novel Deep Learning-based Inverse Problem solver applied to the task of accelerated MRI reconstruction, called Recurrent Variational Network (RecurrentVarNet) by exploiting the properties of Convolution Recurrent Networks and unrolled algorithms for solving Inverse Problems. The RecurrentVarNet consists of multiple blocks, each responsible for one unrolled iteration of the gradient descent optimization algorithm for solving inverse problems. Contrary to traditional approaches, the optimization steps are performed in the observation domain ($k$-space) instead of the image domain. Each recurrent block of RecurrentVarNet refines the observed $k$-space and is comprised of a data consistency term and a recurrent unit which takes as input a learned hidden state and the prediction of the previous block. Our proposed method achieves new state of the art qualitative and quantitative reconstruction results on 5-fold and 10-fold accelerated data from a public multi-channel brain dataset, outperforming previous conventional and deep learning-based approaches. We will release all models code and baselines on our public repository.      
### 48.Improving Transferability of Representations via Augmentation-Aware Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09613.pdf)
>  Recent unsupervised representation learning methods have shown to be effective in a range of vision tasks by learning representations invariant to data augmentations such as random cropping and color jittering. However, such invariance could be harmful to downstream tasks if they rely on the characteristics of the data augmentations, e.g., location- or color-sensitive. This is not an issue just for unsupervised learning; we found that this occurs even in supervised learning because it also learns to predict the same label for all augmented samples of an instance. To avoid such failures and obtain more generalizable representations, we suggest to optimize an auxiliary self-supervised loss, coined AugSelf, that learns the difference of augmentation parameters (e.g., cropping positions, color adjustment intensities) between two randomly augmented samples. Our intuition is that AugSelf encourages to preserve augmentation-aware information in learned representations, which could be beneficial for their transferability. Furthermore, AugSelf can easily be incorporated into recent state-of-the-art representation learning methods with a negligible additional training cost. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our simple idea consistently improves the transferability of representations learned by supervised and unsupervised methods in various transfer learning scenarios. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hankook/AugSelf" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.Lidar with Velocity: Motion Distortion Correction of Point Clouds from Oscillating Scanning Lidars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09497.pdf)
>  Lidar point cloud distortion from moving object is an important problem in autonomous driving, and recently becomes even more demanding with the emerging of newer lidars, which feature back-and-forth scanning patterns. Accurately estimating moving object velocity would not only provide a tracking capability but also correct the point cloud distortion with more accurate description of the moving object. Since lidar measures the time-of-flight distance but with a sparse angular resolution, the measurement is precise in the radial measurement but lacks angularly. Camera on the other hand provides a dense angular resolution. In this paper, Gaussian-based lidar and camera fusion is proposed to estimate the full velocity and correct the lidar distortion. A probabilistic Kalman-filter framework is provided to track the moving objects, estimate their velocities and simultaneously correct the point clouds distortions. The framework is evaluated on real road data and the fusion method outperforms the traditional ICP-based and point-cloud only method. The complete working framework is open-sourced (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ISEE-Technology/lidar-with-velocity" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) to accelerate the adoption of the emerging lidars.      
### 50.Self-Attending Task Generative Adversarial Network for Realistic Satellite Image Creation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09463.pdf)
>  We introduce a self-attending task generative adversarial network (SATGAN) and apply it to the problem of augmenting synthetic high contrast scientific imagery of resident space objects with realistic noise patterns and sensor characteristics learned from collected data. Augmenting these synthetic data is challenging due to the highly localized nature of semantic content in the data that must be preserved. Real collected images are used to train a network what a given class of sensor's images should look like. The trained network then acts as a filter on noiseless context images and outputs realistic-looking fakes with semantic content unaltered. The architecture is inspired by conditional GANs but is modified to include a task network that preserves semantic information through augmentation. Additionally, the architecture is shown to reduce instances of hallucinatory objects or obfuscation of semantic content in context images representing space observation scenes.      
### 51.Large-scale Building Height Retrieval from Single SAR Imagery based on Bounding Box Regression Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09460.pdf)
>  Building height retrieval from synthetic aperture radar (SAR) imagery is of great importance for urban applications, yet highly challenging owing to the complexity of SAR data. This paper addresses the issue of building height retrieval in large-scale urban areas from a single TerraSAR-X spotlight or stripmap image. Based on the radar viewing geometry, we propose that this problem can be formulated as a bounding box regression problem and therefore allows for integrating height data from multiple data sources in generating ground truth on a larger scale. We introduce building footprints from geographic information system (GIS) data as complementary information and propose a bounding box regression network that exploits the location relationship between a building's footprint and its bounding box, allowing for fast computation. This is important for large-scale applications. The method is validated on four urban data sets using TerraSAR-X images in both high-resolution spotlight and stripmap modes. Experimental results show that the proposed network can reduce the computation cost significantly while keeping the height accuracy of individual buildings compared to a Faster R-CNN based method. Moreover, we investigate the impact of inaccurate GIS data on our proposed network, and this study shows that the bounding box regression network is robust against positioning errors in GIS data. The proposed method has great potential to be applied to regional or even global scales.      
### 52.Low Precision Decentralized Distributed Training with Heterogeneous Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09389.pdf)
>  Decentralized distributed learning is the key to enabling large-scale machine learning (training) on the edge devices utilizing private user-generated local data, without relying on the cloud. However, practical realization of such on-device training is limited by the communication bottleneck, computation complexity of training deep models and significant data distribution skew across devices. Many feedback-based compression techniques have been proposed in the literature to reduce the communication cost and a few works propose algorithmic changes to aid the performance in the presence of skewed data distribution by improving convergence rate. To the best of our knowledge, there is no work in the literature that applies and shows compute efficient training techniques such quantization, pruning etc., for peer-to-peer decentralized learning setups. In this paper, we analyze and show the convergence of low precision decentralized training that aims to reduce the computational complexity of training and inference. Further, We study the effect of degree of skew and communication compression on the low precision decentralized training over various computer vision and Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks. Our experiments indicate that 8-bit decentralized training has minimal accuracy loss compared to its full precision counterpart even with heterogeneous data. However, when low precision training is accompanied by communication compression through sparsification we observe 1-2% drop in accuracy. The proposed low precision decentralized training decreases computational complexity, memory usage, and communication cost by ~4x while trading off less than a 1% accuracy for both IID and non-IID data. In particular, with higher skew values, we observe an increase in accuracy (by ~0.5%) with low precision training, indicating the regularization effect of the quantization.      
