# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 10 Nov 2021
### 1.Data Augmentation Can Improve Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05328.pdf)
>  Adversarial training suffers from robust overfitting, a phenomenon where the robust test accuracy starts to decrease during training. In this paper, we focus on reducing robust overfitting by using common data augmentation schemes. We demonstrate that, contrary to previous findings, when combined with model weight averaging, data augmentation can significantly boost robust accuracy. Furthermore, we compare various augmentations techniques and observe that spatial composition techniques work the best for adversarial training. Finally, we evaluate our approach on CIFAR-10 against $\ell_\infty$ and $\ell_2$ norm-bounded perturbations of size $\epsilon = 8/255$ and $\epsilon = 128/255$, respectively. We show large absolute improvements of +2.93% and +2.16% in robust accuracy compared to previous state-of-the-art methods. In particular, against $\ell_\infty$ norm-bounded perturbations of size $\epsilon = 8/255$, our model reaches 60.07% robust accuracy without using any external data. We also achieve a significant performance boost with this approach while using other architectures and datasets such as CIFAR-100, SVHN and TinyImageNet.      
### 2.Monocular Human Shape and Pose with Dense Mesh-borne Local Image Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05319.pdf)
>  We propose to improve on graph convolution based approaches for human shape and pose estimation from monocular input, using pixel-aligned local image features. Given a single input color image, existing graph convolutional network (GCN) based techniques for human shape and pose estimation use a single convolutional neural network (CNN) generated global image feature appended to all mesh vertices equally to initialize the GCN stage, which transforms a template T-posed mesh into the target pose. In contrast, we propose for the first time the idea of using local image features per vertex. These features are sampled from the CNN image feature maps by utilizing pixel-to-mesh correspondences generated with DensePose. Our quantitative and qualitative results on standard benchmarks show that using local features improves on global ones and leads to competitive performances with respect to the state-of-the-art.      
### 3.Sliced Recursive Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05297.pdf)
>  We present a neat yet effective recursive operation on vision transformers that can improve parameter utilization without involving additional parameters. This is achieved by sharing weights across depth of transformer networks. The proposed method can obtain a substantial gain (~2%) simply using naïve recursive operation, requires no special or sophisticated knowledge for designing principles of networks, and introduces minimum computational overhead to the training procedure. To reduce the additional computation caused by recursive operation while maintaining the superior accuracy, we propose an approximating method through multiple sliced group self-attentions across recursive layers which can reduce the cost consumption by 10~30% with minimal performance loss. We call our model Sliced Recursive Transformer (SReT), which is compatible with a broad range of other designs for efficient vision transformers. Our best model establishes significant improvement on ImageNet over state-of-the-art methods while containing fewer parameters. The proposed sliced recursive operation allows us to build a transformer with more than 100 or even 1000 layers effortlessly under a still small size (13~15M), to avoid difficulties in optimization when the model size is too large. The flexible scalability has shown great potential for scaling up and constructing extremely deep and large dimensionality vision transformers. Our code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/szq0214/SReT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Unsupervised Spiking Instance Segmentation on Event Data using STDP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05283.pdf)
>  Spiking Neural Networks (SNN) and the field of Neuromorphic Engineering has brought about a paradigm shift in how to approach Machine Learning (ML) and Computer Vision (CV) problem. This paradigm shift comes from the adaption of event-based sensing and processing. An event-based vision sensor allows for sparse and asynchronous events to be produced that are dynamically related to the scene. Allowing not only the spatial information but a high-fidelity of temporal information to be captured. Meanwhile avoiding the extra overhead and redundancy of conventional high frame rate approaches. However, with this change in paradigm, many techniques from traditional CV and ML are not applicable to these event-based spatial-temporal visual streams. As such a limited number of recognition, detection and segmentation approaches exist. In this paper, we present a novel approach that can perform instance segmentation using just the weights of a Spike Time Dependent Plasticity trained Spiking Convolutional Neural Network that was trained for object recognition. This exploits the spatial and temporal aspects of the network's internal feature representations adding this new discriminative capability. We highlight the new capability by successfully transforming a single class unsupervised network for face detection into a multi-person face recognition and instance segmentation network.      
### 5.Cross Attentional Audio-Visual Fusion for Dimensional Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05222.pdf)
>  Multimodal analysis has recently drawn much interest in affective computing, since it can improve the overall accuracy of emotion recognition over isolated uni-modal approaches. The most effective techniques for multimodal emotion recognition efficiently leverage diverse and complimentary sources of information, such as facial, vocal, and physiological modalities, to provide comprehensive feature representations. In this paper, we focus on dimensional emotion recognition based on the fusion of facial and vocal modalities extracted from videos, where complex spatiotemporal relationships may be captured. Most of the existing fusion techniques rely on recurrent networks or conventional attention mechanisms that do not effectively leverage the complimentary nature of audio-visual (A-V) modalities. We introduce a cross-attentional fusion approach to extract the salient features across A-V modalities, allowing for accurate prediction of continuous values of valence and arousal. Our new cross-attentional A-V fusion model efficiently leverages the inter-modal relationships. In particular, it computes cross-attention weights to focus on the more contributive features across individual modalities, and thereby combine contributive feature representations, which are then fed to fully connected layers for the prediction of valence and arousal. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is validated experimentally on videos from the RECOLA and Fatigue (private) data-sets. Results indicate that our cross-attentional A-V fusion model is a cost-effective approach that outperforms state-of-the-art fusion approaches. Code is available: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/praveena2j/Cross-Attentional-AV-Fusion" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 6.Does Thermal data make the detection systems more reliable?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05191.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based detection networks have made remarkable progress in autonomous driving systems (ADS). ADS should have reliable performance across a variety of ambient lighting and adverse weather conditions. However, luminance degradation and visual obstructions (such as glare, fog) result in poor quality images by the visual camera which leads to performance decline. To overcome these challenges, we explore the idea of leveraging a different data modality that is disparate yet complementary to the visual data. We propose a comprehensive detection system based on a multimodal-collaborative framework that learns from both RGB (from visual cameras) and thermal (from Infrared cameras) data. This framework trains two networks collaboratively and provides flexibility in learning optimal features of its own modality while also incorporating the complementary knowledge of the other. Our extensive empirical results show that while the improvement in accuracy is nominal, the value lies in challenging and extremely difficult edge cases which is crucial in safety-critical applications such as AD. We provide a holistic view of both merits and limitations of using a thermal imaging system in detection.      
### 7.Exploiting Robust Unsupervised Video Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05170.pdf)
>  Unsupervised video person re-identification (reID) methods usually depend on global-level features. And many supervised reID methods employed local-level features and achieved significant performance improvements. However, applying local-level features to unsupervised methods may introduce an unstable performance. To improve the performance stability for unsupervised video reID, this paper introduces a general scheme fusing part models and unsupervised learning. In this scheme, the global-level feature is divided into equal local-level feature. A local-aware module is employed to explore the poentials of local-level feature for unsupervised learning. A global-aware module is proposed to overcome the disadvantages of local-level features. Features from these two modules are fused to form a robust feature representation for each input image. This feature representation has the advantages of local-level feature without suffering from its disadvantages. Comprehensive experiments are conducted on three benchmarks, including PRID2011, iLIDS-VID, and DukeMTMC-VideoReID, and the results demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art performance. Extensive ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of proposed scheme, local-aware module and global-aware module.      
### 8.Ethically aligned Deep Learning: Unbiased Facial Aesthetic Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05149.pdf)
>  Facial beauty prediction (FBP) aims to develop a machine that automatically makes facial attractiveness assessment. In the past those results were highly correlated with human ratings, therefore also with their bias in annotating. As artificial intelligence can have racist and discriminatory tendencies, the cause of skews in the data must be identified. Development of training data and AI algorithms that are robust against biased information is a new challenge for scientists. As aesthetic judgement usually is biased, we want to take it one step further and propose an Unbiased Convolutional Neural Network for FBP. While it is possible to create network models that can rate attractiveness of faces on a high level, from an ethical point of view, it is equally important to make sure the model is unbiased. In this work, we introduce AestheticNet, a state-of-the-art attractiveness prediction network, which significantly outperforms competitors with a Pearson Correlation of 0.9601. Additionally, we propose a new approach for generating a bias-free CNN to improve fairness in machine learning.      
### 9.Residual Quantity in Percentage of Factory Machines Using ComputerVision and Mathematical Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05080.pdf)
>  Computer vision has been thriving since AI development was gaining thrust. Using deep learning techniques has been the most popular way which computer scientists thought the solution of. However, deep learning techniques tend to show lower performance than manual processing. Using deep learning is not always the answer to a problem related to computer vision.      
### 10.Deep Convolution Network Based Emotion Analysis for Automatic Detection of Mild Cognitive Impairment in the Elderly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05066.pdf)
>  A significant number of people are suffering from cognitive impairment all over the world. Early detection of cognitive impairment is of great importance to both patients and caregivers. However, existing approaches have their shortages, such as time consumption and financial expenses involved in clinics and the neuroimaging stage. It has been found that patients with cognitive impairment show abnormal emotion patterns. In this paper, we present a novel deep convolution network-based system to detect the cognitive impairment through the analysis of the evolution of facial emotions while participants are watching designed video stimuli. In our proposed system, a novel facial expression recognition algorithm is developed using layers from MobileNet and Support Vector Machine (SVM), which showed satisfactory performance in 3 datasets. To verify the proposed system in detecting cognitive impairment, 61 elderly people including patients with cognitive impairment and healthy people as a control group have been invited to participate in the experiments and a dataset was built accordingly. With this dataset, the proposed system has successfully achieved the detection accuracy of 73.3%.      
### 11.View Birdification in the Crowd: Ground-Plane Localization from Perceived Movements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05060.pdf)
>  We introduce view birdification, the problem of recovering ground-plane movements of people in a crowd from an ego-centric video captured from an observer (e.g., a person or a vehicle) also moving in the crowd. Recovered ground-plane movements would provide a sound basis for situational understanding and benefit downstream applications in computer vision and robotics. In this paper, we formulate view birdification as a geometric trajectory reconstruction problem and derive a cascaded optimization method from a Bayesian perspective. The method first estimates the observer's movement and then localizes surrounding pedestrians for each frame while taking into account the local interactions between them. We introduce three datasets by leveraging synthetic and real trajectories of people in crowds and evaluate the effectiveness of our method. The results demonstrate the accuracy of our method and set the ground for further studies of view birdification as an important but challenging visual understanding problem.      
### 12.MMD-ReID: A Simple but Effective Solution for Visible-Thermal Person ReID  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05059.pdf)
>  Learning modality invariant features is central to the problem of Visible-Thermal cross-modal Person Reidentification (VT-ReID), where query and gallery images come from different modalities. Existing works implicitly align the modalities in pixel and feature spaces by either using adversarial learning or carefully designing feature extraction modules that heavily rely on domain knowledge. We propose a simple but effective framework, MMD-ReID, that reduces the modality gap by an explicit discrepancy reduction constraint. MMD-ReID takes inspiration from Maximum Mean Discrepancy (MMD), a widely used statistical tool for hypothesis testing that determines the distance between two distributions. MMD-ReID uses a novel margin-based formulation to match class-conditional feature distributions of visible and thermal samples to minimize intra-class distances while maintaining feature discriminability. MMD-ReID is a simple framework in terms of architecture and loss formulation. We conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate both qualitatively and quantitatively the effectiveness of MMD-ReID in aligning the marginal and class conditional distributions, thus learning both modality-independent and identity-consistent features. The proposed framework significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on SYSU-MM01 and RegDB datasets. Code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vcl-iisc/MMD-ReID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 13.Incremental Meta-Learning via Episodic Replay Distillation for Few-Shot Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04993.pdf)
>  Most meta-learning approaches assume the existence of a very large set of labeled data available for episodic meta-learning of base knowledge. This contrasts with the more realistic continual learning paradigm in which data arrives incrementally in the form of tasks containing disjoint classes. In this paper we consider this problem of Incremental Meta-Learning (IML) in which classes are presented incrementally in discrete tasks. We propose an approach to IML, which we call Episodic Replay Distillation (ERD), that mixes classes from the current task with class exemplars from previous tasks when sampling episodes for meta-learning. These episodes are then used for knowledge distillation to minimize catastrophic forgetting. Experiments on four datasets demonstrate that ERD surpasses the state-of-the-art. In particular, on the more challenging one-shot, long task sequence incremental meta-learning scenarios, we reduce the gap between IML and the joint-training upper bound from 3.5% / 10.1% / 13.4% with the current state-of-the-art to 2.6% / 2.9% / 5.0% with our method on Tiered-ImageNet / Mini-ImageNet / CIFAR100, respectively.      
### 14.Video Text Tracking With a Spatio-Temporal Complementary Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04987.pdf)
>  Text tracking is to track multiple texts in a video,and construct a trajectory for each text. Existing methodstackle this task by utilizing the tracking-by-detection frame-work, i.e., detecting the text instances in each frame andassociating the corresponding text instances in consecutiveframes. We argue that the tracking accuracy of this paradigmis severely limited in more complex scenarios, e.g., owing tomotion blur, etc., the missed detection of text instances causesthe break of the text trajectory. In addition, different textinstances with similar appearance are easily confused, leadingto the incorrect association of the text instances. To this end,a novel spatio-temporal complementary text tracking model isproposed in this paper. We leverage a Siamese ComplementaryModule to fully exploit the continuity characteristic of the textinstances in the temporal dimension, which effectively alleviatesthe missed detection of the text instances, and hence ensuresthe completeness of each text trajectory. We further integratethe semantic cues and the visual cues of the text instance intoa unified representation via a text similarity learning network,which supplies a high discriminative power in the presence oftext instances with similar appearance, and thus avoids the mis-association between them. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on several public benchmarks. The source codeis available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lsabrinax/VideoTextSCM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Dual Prototypical Contrastive Learning for Few-shot Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04982.pdf)
>  We address the problem of few-shot semantic segmentation (FSS), which aims to segment novel class objects in a target image with a few annotated samples. Though recent advances have been made by incorporating prototype-based metric learning, existing methods still show limited performance under extreme intra-class object variations and semantically similar inter-class objects due to their poor feature representation. To tackle this problem, we propose a dual prototypical contrastive learning approach tailored to the FSS task to capture the representative semanticfeatures effectively. The main idea is to encourage the prototypes more discriminative by increasing inter-class distance while reducing intra-class distance in prototype feature space. To this end, we first present a class-specific contrastive loss with a dynamic prototype dictionary that stores the class-aware prototypes during training, thus enabling the same class prototypes similar and the different class prototypes to be dissimilar. Furthermore, we introduce a class-agnostic contrastive loss to enhance the generalization ability to unseen classes by compressing the feature distribution of semantic class within each episode. We demonstrate that the proposed dual prototypical contrastive learning approach outperforms state-of-the-art FSS methods on PASCAL-5i and COCO-20i datasets. The code is available at:<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kwonjunn01/DPCL1" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Graph-Based Depth Denoising &amp; Dequantization for Point Cloud Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04946.pdf)
>  A 3D point cloud is typically constructed from depth measurements acquired by sensors at one or more viewpoints. The measurements suffer from both quantization and noise corruption. To improve quality, previous works denoise a point cloud \textit{a posteriori} after projecting the imperfect depth data onto 3D space. Instead, we enhance depth measurements directly on the sensed images \textit{a priori}, before synthesizing a 3D point cloud. By enhancing near the physical sensing process, we tailor our optimization to our depth formation model before subsequent processing steps that obscure measurement errors. Specifically, we model depth formation as a combined process of signal-dependent noise addition and non-uniform log-based quantization. The designed model is validated (with parameters fitted) using collected empirical data from an actual depth sensor. To enhance each pixel row in a depth image, we first encode intra-view similarities between available row pixels as edge weights via feature graph learning. We next establish inter-view similarities with another rectified depth image via viewpoint mapping and sparse linear interpolation. This leads to a maximum a posteriori (MAP) graph filtering objective that is convex and differentiable. We optimize the objective efficiently using accelerated gradient descent (AGD), where the optimal step size is approximated via Gershgorin circle theorem (GCT). Experiments show that our method significantly outperformed recent point cloud denoising schemes and state-of-the-art image denoising schemes, in two established point cloud quality metrics.      
### 17.PREMA: Part-based REcurrent Multi-view Aggregation Network for 3D Shape Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04945.pdf)
>  We propose the Part-based Recurrent Multi-view Aggregation network(PREMA) to eliminate the detrimental effects of the practical view defects, such as insufficient view numbers, occlusions or background clutters, and also enhance the discriminative ability of shape representations. Inspired by the fact that human recognize an object mainly by its discriminant parts, we define the multi-view coherent part(MCP), a discriminant part reoccurring in different views. Our PREMA can reliably locate and effectively utilize MCPs to build robust shape representations. Comprehensively, we design a novel Regional Attention Unit(RAU) in PREMA to compute the confidence map for each view, and extract MCPs by applying those maps to view features. PREMA accentuates MCPs via correlating features of different views, and aggregates the part-aware features for shape representation.      
### 18.SAFA: Structure Aware Face Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04928.pdf)
>  Recent success of generative adversarial networks (GAN) has made great progress on the face animation task. However, the complex scene structure of a face image still makes it a challenge to generate videos with face poses significantly deviating from the source image. On one hand, without knowing the facial geometric structure, generated face images might be improperly distorted. On the other hand, some area of the generated image might be occluded in the source image, which makes it difficult for GAN to generate realistic appearance. To address these problems, we propose a structure aware face animation (SAFA) method which constructs specific geometric structures to model different components of a face image. Following the well recognized motion based face animation technique, we use a 3D morphable model (3DMM) to model the face, multiple affine transforms to model the other foreground components like hair and beard, and an identity transform to model the background. The 3DMM geometric embedding not only helps generate realistic structure for the driving scene, but also contributes to better perception of occluded area in the generated image. Besides, we further propose to exploit the widely studied inpainting technique to faithfully recover the occluded image area. Both quantitative and qualitative experiment results have shown the superiority of our method. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Qiulin-W/SAFA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Self-Interpretable Model with TransformationEquivariant Interpretation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04927.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a self-interpretable model SITE with transformation-equivariant interpretations. We focus on the robustness and self-consistency of the interpretations of geometric transformations. Apart from the transformation equivariance, as a self-interpretable model, SITE has comparable expressive power as the benchmark black-box classifiers, while being able to present faithful and robust interpretations with high quality. It is worth noticing that although applied in most of the CNN visualization methods, the bilinear upsampling approximation is a rough approximation, which can only provide interpretations in the form of heatmaps (instead of pixel-wise). It remains an open question whether such interpretations can be direct to the input space (as shown in the MNIST experiments). Besides, we consider the translation and rotation transformations in our model. In future work, we will explore the robust interpretations under more complex transformations such as scaling and distortion. Moreover, we clarify that SITE is not limited to geometric transformation (that we used in the computer vision domain), and will explore SITEin other domains in future work.      
### 20.LiMoSeg: Real-time Bird's Eye View based LiDAR Motion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04875.pdf)
>  Moving object detection and segmentation is an essential task in the Autonomous Driving pipeline. Detecting and isolating static and moving components of a vehicle's surroundings are particularly crucial in path planning and localization tasks. This paper proposes a novel real-time architecture for motion segmentation of Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) data. We use two successive scans of LiDAR data in 2D Bird's Eye View (BEV) representation to perform pixel-wise classification as static or moving. Furthermore, we propose a novel data augmentation technique to reduce the significant class imbalance between static and moving objects. We achieve this by artificially synthesizing moving objects by cutting and pasting static vehicles. We demonstrate a low latency of 8 ms on a commonly used automotive embedded platform, namely Nvidia Jetson Xavier. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work directly performing motion segmentation in LiDAR BEV space. We provide quantitative results on the challenging SemanticKITTI dataset, and qualitative results are provided in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/2aJ-cL8b0LI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Explaining Face Presentation Attack Detection Using Natural Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04862.pdf)
>  A large number of deep neural network based techniques have been developed to address the challenging problem of face presentation attack detection (PAD). Whereas such techniques' focus has been on improving PAD performance in terms of classification accuracy and robustness against unseen attacks and environmental conditions, there exists little attention on the explainability of PAD predictions. In this paper, we tackle the problem of explaining PAD predictions through natural language. Our approach passes feature representations of a deep layer of the PAD model to a language model to generate text describing the reasoning behind the PAD prediction. Due to the limited amount of annotated data in our study, we apply a light-weight LSTM network as our natural language generation model. We investigate how the quality of the generated explanations is affected by different loss functions, including the commonly used word-wise cross entropy loss, a sentence discriminative loss, and a sentence semantic loss. We perform our experiments using face images from a dataset consisting of 1,105 bona-fide and 924 presentation attack samples. Our quantitative and qualitative results show the effectiveness of our model for generating proper PAD explanations through text as well as the power of the sentence-wise losses. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first introduction of a joint biometrics-NLP task. Our dataset can be obtained through our GitHub page.      
### 22.Hybrid BYOL-ViT: Efficient approach to deal with small Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04845.pdf)
>  Supervised learning can learn large representational spaces, which are crucial for handling difficult learning tasks. However, due to the design of the model, classical image classification approaches struggle to generalize to new problems and new situations when dealing with small datasets. In fact, supervised learning can lose the location of image features which leads to supervision collapse in very deep architectures. In this paper, we investigate how self-supervision with strong and sufficient augmentation of unlabeled data can train effectively the first layers of a neural network even better than supervised learning, with no need for millions of labeled data. The main goal is to disconnect pixel data from annotation by getting generic task-agnostic low-level features. Furthermore, we look into Vision Transformers (ViT) and show that the low-level features derived from a self-supervised architecture can improve the robustness and the overall performance of this emergent architecture. We evaluated our method on one of the smallest open-source datasets STL-10 and we obtained a significant boost of performance from 41.66% to 83.25% when inputting low-level features from a self-supervised learning architecture to the ViT instead of the raw images.      
### 23.Evolving Evocative 2D Views of Generated 3D Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04839.pdf)
>  We present a method for jointly generating 3D models of objects and 2D renders at different viewing angles, with the process guided by ImageNet and CLIP -based models. Our results indicate that it can generate anamorphic objects, with renders that both evoke the target caption and look visually appealing.      
### 24.Visual Question Answering based on Formal Logic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04785.pdf)
>  Visual question answering (VQA) has been gaining a lot of traction in the machine learning community in the recent years due to the challenges posed in understanding information coming from multiple modalities (i.e., images, language). In VQA, a series of questions are posed based on a set of images and the task at hand is to arrive at the answer. To achieve this, we take a symbolic reasoning based approach using the framework of formal logic. The image and the questions are converted into symbolic representations on which explicit reasoning is performed. We propose a formal logic framework where (i) images are converted to logical background facts with the help of scene graphs, (ii) the questions are translated to first-order predicate logic clauses using a transformer based deep learning model, and (iii) perform satisfiability checks, by using the background knowledge and the grounding of predicate clauses, to obtain the answer. Our proposed method is highly interpretable and each step in the pipeline can be easily analyzed by a human. We validate our approach on the CLEVR and the GQA dataset. We achieve near perfect accuracy of 99.6% on the CLEVR dataset comparable to the state of art models, showcasing that formal logic is a viable tool to tackle visual question answering. Our model is also data efficient, achieving 99.1% accuracy on CLEVR dataset when trained on just 10% of the training data.      
### 25.Frustum Fusion: Pseudo-LiDAR and LiDAR Fusion for 3D Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04780.pdf)
>  Most autonomous vehicles are equipped with LiDAR sensors and stereo cameras. The former is very accurate but generates sparse data, whereas the latter is dense, has rich texture and color information but difficult to extract robust 3D representations from. In this paper, we propose a novel data fusion algorithm to combine accurate point clouds with dense but less accurate point clouds obtained from stereo pairs. We develop a framework to integrate this algorithm into various 3D object detection methods. Our framework starts with 2D detections from both of the RGB images, calculates frustums and their intersection, creates Pseudo-LiDAR data from the stereo images, and fills in the parts of the intersection region where the LiDAR data is lacking with the dense Pseudo-LiDAR points. We train multiple 3D object detection methods and show that our fusion strategy consistently improves the performance of detectors.      
### 26.Feature-enhanced Generation and Multi-modality Fusion based Deep Neural Network for Brain Tumor Segmentation with Missing MR Modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04735.pdf)
>  Using multimodal Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is necessary for accurate brain tumor segmentation. The main problem is that not all types of MRIs are always available in clinical exams. Based on the fact that there is a strong correlation between MR modalities of the same patient, in this work, we propose a novel brain tumor segmentation network in the case of missing one or more modalities. The proposed network consists of three sub-networks: a feature-enhanced generator, a correlation constraint block and a segmentation network. The feature-enhanced generator utilizes the available modalities to generate 3D feature-enhanced image representing the missing modality. The correlation constraint block can exploit the multi-source correlation between the modalities and also constrain the generator to synthesize a feature-enhanced modality which must have a coherent correlation with the available modalities. The segmentation network is a multi-encoder based U-Net to achieve the final brain tumor segmentation. The proposed method is evaluated on BraTS 2018 dataset. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method which achieves the average Dice Score of 82.9, 74.9 and 59.1 on whole tumor, tumor core and enhancing tumor, respectively across all the situations, and outperforms the best method by 3.5%, 17% and 18.2%.      
### 27.Survey of Deep Learning Methods for Inverse Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04731.pdf)
>  In this paper we investigate a variety of deep learning strategies for solving inverse problems. We classify existing deep learning solutions for inverse problems into three categories of Direct Mapping, Data Consistency Optimizer, and Deep Regularizer. We choose a sample of each inverse problem type, so as to compare the robustness of the three categories, and report a statistical analysis of their differences. We perform extensive experiments on the classic problem of linear regression and three well-known inverse problems in computer vision, namely image denoising, 3D human face inverse rendering, and object tracking, selected as representative prototypes for each class of inverse problems. The overall results and the statistical analyses show that the solution categories have a robustness behaviour dependent on the type of inverse problem domain, and specifically dependent on whether or not the problem includes measurement outliers. Based on our experimental results, we conclude by proposing the most robust solution category for each inverse problem class.      
### 28.Stain-free Detection of Embryo Polarization using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05315.pdf)
>  Polarization of the mammalian embryo at the right developmental time is critical for its development to term and would be valuable in assessing the potential of human embryos. However, tracking polarization requires invasive fluorescence staining, impermissible in the in vitro fertilization clinic. Here, we report the use of artificial intelligence to detect polarization from unstained time-lapse movies of mouse embryos. We assembled a dataset of bright-field movie frames from 8-cell-stage embryos, side-by-side with corresponding images of fluorescent markers of cell polarization. We then used an ensemble learning model to detect whether any bright-field frame showed an embryo before or after onset of polarization. Our resulting model has an accuracy of 85% for detecting polarization, significantly outperforming human volunteers trained on the same data (61% accuracy). We discovered that our self-learning model focuses upon the angle between cells as one known cue for compaction, which precedes polarization, but it outperforms the use of this cue alone. By compressing three-dimensional time-lapsed image data into two-dimensions, we are able to reduce data to an easily manageable size for deep learning processing. In conclusion, we describe a method for detecting a key developmental feature of embryo development that avoids clinically impermissible fluorescence staining.      
### 29.Designing and Analyzing the PID and Fuzzy Control System for an Inverted Pendulum  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05309.pdf)
>  The inverted pendulum is a non-linear unbalanced system that needs to be controlled using motors to achieve stability and equilibrium. The inverted pendulum is constructed with Lego and using the Lego Mindstorm NXT, which is a programmable robot capable of completing many different functions. In this paper, an initial design of the inverted pendulum is proposed and the performance of different sensors, which are compatible with the Lego Mindstorm NXT was studied. Furthermore, the ability of computer vision to achieve the stability required to maintain the system is also investigated. The inverted pendulum is a conventional cart that can be controlled using a Fuzzy Logic controller that produces a self-tuning PID control for the cart to move on. The fuzzy logic and PID are simulated in MATLAB and Simulink, and the program for the robot is developed in the LabVIEW software.      
### 30.Using The Feedback of Dynamic Active-Pixel Vision Sensor (Davis) to Prevent Slip in Real Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05308.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is to describe an approach to detect the slip and contact force in real-time feedback. In this novel approach, the DAVIS camera is used as a vision tactile sensor due to its fast process speed and high resolution. Two hundred experiments were performed on four objects with different shapes, sizes, weights, and materials to compare the accuracy and response of the Baxter robot grippers to avoid slipping. The advanced approach is validated by using a force-sensitive resistor (FSR402). The events captured with the DAVIS camera are processed with specific algorithms to provide feedback to the Baxter robot aiding it to detect the slip.      
### 31.Leveraging blur information for plenoptic camera calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05226.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel calibration algorithm for plenoptic cameras, especially the multi-focus configuration, where several types of micro-lenses are used, using raw images only. Current calibration methods rely on simplified projection models, use features from reconstructed images, or require separated calibrations for each type of micro-lens. In the multi-focus configuration, the same part of a scene will demonstrate different amounts of blur according to the micro-lens focal length. Usually, only micro-images with the smallest amount of blur are used. In order to exploit all available data, we propose to explicitly model the defocus blur in a new camera model with the help of our newly introduced Blur Aware Plenoptic (BAP) feature. First, it is used in a pre-calibration step that retrieves initial camera parameters, and second, to express a new cost function to be minimized in our single optimization process. Third, it is exploited to calibrate the relative blur between micro-images. It links the geometric blur, i.e., the blur circle, to the physical blur, i.e., the point spread function. Finally, we use the resulting blur profile to characterize the camera's depth of field. Quantitative evaluations in controlled environment on real-world data demonstrate the effectiveness of our calibrations.      
### 32.Deep Learning Adapted Acceleration for Limited-view Photoacoustic Computed Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05194.pdf)
>  Photoacoustic imaging (PAI) is a non-invasive imaging modality that detects the ultrasound signal generated from tissue with light excitation. Photoacoustic computed tomography (PACT) uses unfocused large-area light to illuminate the target with ultrasound transducer array for PA signal detection. Limited-view issue could cause a low-quality image in PACT due to the limitation of geometric condition. The model-based method is used to resolve this problem, which contains different regularization. To adapt fast and high-quality reconstruction of limited-view PA data, in this paper, a model-based method that combines the mathematical variational model with deep learning is proposed to speed up and regularize the unrolled procedure of reconstruction. A deep neural network is designed to adapt the step of the gradient updated term of data consistency in the gradient descent procedure, which can obtain a high-quality PA image only with a few iterations. Note that all parameters and priors are automatically learned during the offline training stage. In experiments, we show that this method outperforms the other methods with half-view (180 degrees) simulation and real data. The comparison of different model-based methods show that our proposed scheme has superior performances (over 0.05 for SSIM) with same iteration (3 times) steps. Furthermore, an unseen data is used to validate the generalization of different methods. Finally, we find that our method obtains superior results (0.94 value of SSIM for in vivo) with a high robustness and accelerated reconstruction.      
### 33.Approaching the Limit of Image Rescaling via Flow Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05133.pdf)
>  Image downscaling and upscaling are two basic rescaling operations. Once the image is downscaled, it is difficult to be reconstructed via upscaling due to the loss of information. To make these two processes more compatible and improve the reconstruction performance, some efforts model them as a joint encoding-decoding task, with the constraint that the downscaled (i.e. encoded) low-resolution (LR) image must preserve the original visual appearance. To implement this constraint, most methods guide the downscaling module by supervising it with the bicubically downscaled LR version of the original high-resolution (HR) image. However, this bicubic LR guidance may be suboptimal for the subsequent upscaling (i.e. decoding) and restrict the final reconstruction performance. In this paper, instead of directly applying the LR guidance, we propose an additional invertible flow guidance module (FGM), which can transform the downscaled representation to the visually plausible image during downscaling and transform it back during upscaling. Benefiting from the invertibility of FGM, the downscaled representation could get rid of the LR guidance and would not disturb the downscaling-upscaling process. It allows us to remove the restrictions on the downscaling module and optimize the downscaling and upscaling modules in an end-to-end manner. In this way, these two modules could cooperate to maximize the HR reconstruction performance. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method can achieve state-of-the-art (SotA) performance on both downscaled and reconstructed images.      
### 34.Segmentation of Multiple Myeloma Plasma Cells in Microscopy Images with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05125.pdf)
>  A key component towards an improved and fast cancer diagnosis is the development of computer-assisted tools. In this article, we present the solution that won the SegPC-2021 competition for the segmentation of multiple myeloma plasma cells in microscopy images. The labels used in the competition dataset were generated semi-automatically and presented noise. To deal with it, a heavy image augmentation procedure was carried out and predictions from several models were combined using a custom ensemble strategy. State-of-the-art feature extractors and instance segmentation architectures were used, resulting in a mean Intersection-over-Union of 0.9389 on the SegPC-2021 final test set.      
### 35.EEGEyeNet: a Simultaneous Electroencephalography and Eye-tracking Dataset and Benchmark for Eye Movement Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05100.pdf)
>  We present a new dataset and benchmark with the goal of advancing research in the intersection of brain activities and eye movements. Our dataset, EEGEyeNet, consists of simultaneous Electroencephalography (EEG) and Eye-tracking (ET) recordings from 356 different subjects collected from three different experimental paradigms. Using this dataset, we also propose a benchmark to evaluate gaze prediction from EEG measurements. The benchmark consists of three tasks with an increasing level of difficulty: left-right, angle-amplitude and absolute position. We run extensive experiments on this benchmark in order to provide solid baselines, both based on classical machine learning models and on large neural networks. We release our complete code and data and provide a simple and easy-to-use interface to evaluate new methods.      
### 36.MixACM: Mixup-Based Robustness Transfer via Distillation of Activated Channel Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05073.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are susceptible to adversarially crafted, small and imperceptible changes in the natural inputs. The most effective defense mechanism against these examples is adversarial training which constructs adversarial examples during training by iterative maximization of loss. The model is then trained to minimize the loss on these constructed examples. This min-max optimization requires more data, larger capacity models, and additional computing resources. It also degrades the standard generalization performance of a model. Can we achieve robustness more efficiently? In this work, we explore this question from the perspective of knowledge transfer. First, we theoretically show the transferability of robustness from an adversarially trained teacher model to a student model with the help of mixup augmentation. Second, we propose a novel robustness transfer method called Mixup-Based Activated Channel Maps (MixACM) Transfer. MixACM transfers robustness from a robust teacher to a student by matching activated channel maps generated without expensive adversarial perturbations. Finally, extensive experiments on multiple datasets and different learning scenarios show our method can transfer robustness while also improving generalization on natural images.      
### 37.MAC-ReconNet: A Multiple Acquisition Context based Convolutional Neural Network for MR Image Reconstruction using Dynamic Weight Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05055.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural network-based MR reconstruction methods have shown to provide fast and high quality reconstructions. A primary drawback with a CNN-based model is that it lacks flexibility and can effectively operate only for a specific acquisition context limiting practical applicability. By acquisition context, we mean a specific combination of three input settings considered namely, the anatomy under study, undersampling mask pattern and acceleration factor for undersampling. The model could be trained jointly on images combining multiple contexts. However the model does not meet the performance of context specific models nor extensible to contexts unseen at train time. This necessitates a modification to the existing architecture in generating context specific weights so as to incorporate flexibility to multiple contexts. We propose a multiple acquisition context based network, called MAC-ReconNet for MRI reconstruction, flexible to multiple acquisition contexts and generalizable to unseen contexts for applicability in real scenarios. The proposed network has an MRI reconstruction module and a dynamic weight prediction (DWP) module. The DWP module takes the corresponding acquisition context information as input and learns the context-specific weights of the reconstruction module which changes dynamically with context at run time. We show that the proposed approach can handle multiple contexts based on cardiac and brain datasets, Gaussian and Cartesian undersampling patterns and five acceleration factors. The proposed network outperforms the naive jointly trained model and gives competitive results with the context-specific models both quantitatively and qualitatively. We also demonstrate the generalizability of our model by testing on contexts unseen at train time.      
### 38.GDCA: GAN-based single image super resolution with Dual discriminators and Channel Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05014.pdf)
>  Single Image Super-Resolution (SISR) is a very active research field. This paper addresses SISR by using a GAN-based approach with dual discriminators and incorporating it with an attention mechanism. The experimental results show that GDCA can generate sharper and high pleasing images compare to other conventional methods.      
### 39.Bilinear pooling and metric learning network for early Alzheimer's disease identification with FDG-PET images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04985.pdf)
>  FDG-PET reveals altered brain metabolism in individuals with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and Alzheimer's disease (AD). Some biomarkers derived from FDG-PET by computer-aided-diagnosis (CAD) technologies have been proved that they can accurately diagnosis normal control (NC), MCI, and AD. However, the studies of identification of early MCI (EMCI) and late MCI (LMCI) with FDG-PET images are still insufficient. Compared with studies based on fMRI and DTI images, the researches of the inter-region representation features in FDG-PET images are insufficient. Moreover, considering the variability in different individuals, some hard samples which are very similar with both two classes limit the classification performance. To tackle these problems, in this paper, we propose a novel bilinear pooling and metric learning network (BMNet), which can extract the inter-region representation features and distinguish hard samples by constructing embedding space. To validate the proposed method, we collect 998 FDG-PET images from ADNI. Following the common preprocessing steps, 90 features are extracted from each FDG-PET image according to the automatic anatomical landmark (AAL) template and then sent into the proposed network. Extensive 5-fold cross-validation experiments are performed for multiple two-class classifications. Experiments show that most metrics are improved after adding the bilinear pooling module and metric losses to the Baseline model respectively. Specifically, in the classification task between EMCI and LMCI, the specificity improves 6.38% after adding the triple metric loss, and the negative predictive value (NPV) improves 3.45% after using the bilinear pooling module.      
### 40.Real-time Instance Segmentation of Surgical Instruments using Attention and Multi-scale Feature Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04911.pdf)
>  Precise instrument segmentation aid surgeons to navigate the body more easily and increase patient safety. While accurate tracking of surgical instruments in real-time plays a crucial role in minimally invasive computer-assisted surgeries, it is a challenging task to achieve, mainly due to 1) complex surgical environment, and 2) model design with both optimal accuracy and speed. Deep learning gives us the opportunity to learn complex environment from large surgery scene environments and placements of these instruments in real world scenarios. The Robust Medical Instrument Segmentation 2019 challenge (ROBUST-MIS) provides more than 10,000 frames with surgical tools in different clinical settings. In this paper, we use a light-weight single stage instance segmentation model complemented with a convolutional block attention module for achieving both faster and accurate inference. We further improve accuracy through data augmentation and optimal anchor localisation strategies. To our knowledge, this is the first work that explicitly focuses on both real-time performance and improved accuracy. Our approach out-performed top team performances in the ROBUST-MIS challenge with over 44% improvement on both area-based metric MI_DSC and distance-based metric MI_NSD. We also demonstrate real-time performance (&gt; 60 frames-per-second) with different but competitive variants of our final approach.      
### 41.Label-Aware Distribution Calibration for Long-tailed Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04901.pdf)
>  Real-world data usually present long-tailed distributions. Training on imbalanced data tends to render neural networks perform well on head classes while much worse on tail classes. The severe sparseness of training instances for the tail classes is the main challenge, which results in biased distribution estimation during training. Plenty of efforts have been devoted to ameliorating the challenge, including data re-sampling and synthesizing new training instances for tail classes. However, no prior research has exploited the transferable knowledge from head classes to tail classes for calibrating the distribution of tail classes. In this paper, we suppose that tail classes can be enriched by similar head classes and propose a novel distribution calibration approach named as label-Aware Distribution Calibration LADC. LADC transfers the statistics from relevant head classes to infer the distribution of tail classes. Sampling from calibrated distribution further facilitates re-balancing the classifier. Experiments on both image and text long-tailed datasets demonstrate that LADC significantly outperforms existing methods.The visualization also shows that LADC provides a more accurate distribution estimation.      
### 42.Mitigating domain shift in AI-based tuberculosis screening with unsupervised domain adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04893.pdf)
>  We demonstrate that Domain Invariant Feature Learning (DIFL) can improve the out-of-domain generalizability of a deep learning Tuberculosis screening algorithm. It is well known that state of the art deep learning algorithms often have difficulty generalizing to unseen data distributions due to "domain shift". In the context of medical imaging, this could lead to unintended biases such as the inability to generalize from one patient population to another. We analyze the performance of a ResNet-50 classifier for the purposes of Tuberculosis screening using the four most popular public datasets with geographically diverse sources of imagery. We show that without domain adaptation, ResNet-50 has difficulty in generalizing between imaging distributions from a number of public Tuberculosis screening datasets with imagery from geographically distributed regions. However, with the incorporation of DIFL, the out-of-domain performance is greatly enhanced. Analysis criteria includes a comparison of accuracy, sensitivity, specificity and AUC over both the baseline, as well as the DIFL enhanced algorithms. We conclude that DIFL improves generalizability of Tuberculosis screening while maintaining acceptable accuracy over the source domain imagery when applied across a variety of public datasets.      
### 43.Universal Lesion Detection in CT Scans using Neural Network Ensembles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04886.pdf)
>  In clinical practice, radiologists are reliant on the lesion size when distinguishing metastatic from non-metastatic lesions. A prerequisite for lesion sizing is their detection, as it promotes the downstream assessment of tumor spread. However, lesions vary in their size and appearance in CT scans, and radiologists often miss small lesions during a busy clinical day. To overcome these challenges, we propose the use of state-of-the-art detection neural networks to flag suspicious lesions present in the NIH DeepLesion dataset for sizing. Additionally, we incorporate a bounding box fusion technique to minimize false positives (FP) and improve detection accuracy. Finally, to resemble clinical usage, we constructed an ensemble of the best detection models to localize lesions for sizing with a precision of 65.17% and sensitivity of 91.67% at 4 FP per image. Our results improve upon or maintain the performance of current state-of-the-art methods for lesion detection in challenging CT scans.      
### 44.Lymph Node Detection in T2 MRI with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04885.pdf)
>  Identification of lymph nodes (LN) in T2 Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is an important step performed by radiologists during the assessment of lymphoproliferative diseases. The size of the nodes play a crucial role in their staging, and radiologists sometimes use an additional contrast sequence such as diffusion weighted imaging (DWI) for confirmation. However, lymph nodes have diverse appearances in T2 MRI scans, making it tough to stage for metastasis. Furthermore, radiologists often miss smaller metastatic lymph nodes over the course of a busy day. To deal with these issues, we propose to use the DEtection TRansformer (DETR) network to localize suspicious metastatic lymph nodes for staging in challenging T2 MRI scans acquired by different scanners and exam protocols. False positives (FP) were reduced through a bounding box fusion technique, and a precision of 65.41\% and sensitivity of 91.66\% at 4 FP per image was achieved. To the best of our knowledge, our results improve upon the current state-of-the-art for lymph node detection in T2 MRI scans.      
### 45.Combining Machine Learning with Physics: A Framework for Tracking and Sorting Multiple Dark Solitons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04881.pdf)
>  In ultracold atom experiments, data often comes in the form of images which suffer information loss inherent in the techniques used to prepare and measure the system. This is particularly problematic when the processes of interest are complicated, such as interactions among excitations in Bose-Einstein condensates (BECs). In this paper, we describe a framework combining machine learning (ML) models with physics-based traditional analyses to identify and track multiple solitonic excitations in images of BECs. We use an ML-based object detector to locate the solitonic excitations and develop a physics-informed classifier to sort solitonic excitations into physically motivated sub-categories. Lastly, we introduce a quality metric quantifying the likelihood that a specific feature is a kink soliton. Our trained implementation of this framework -- SolDet -- is publicly available as an open-source python package. SolDet is broadly applicable to feature identification in cold atom images when trained on a suitable user-provided dataset.      
### 46.Cascaded Multilingual Audio-Visual Learning from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04823.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore self-supervised audio-visual models that learn from instructional videos. Prior work has shown that these models can relate spoken words and sounds to visual content after training on a large-scale dataset of videos, but they were only trained and evaluated on videos in English. To learn multilingual audio-visual representations, we propose a cascaded approach that leverages a model trained on English videos and applies it to audio-visual data in other languages, such as Japanese videos. With our cascaded approach, we show an improvement in retrieval performance of nearly 10x compared to training on the Japanese videos solely. We also apply the model trained on English videos to Japanese and Hindi spoken captions of images, achieving state-of-the-art performance.      
### 47.Unsupervised Approaches for Out-Of-Distribution Dermoscopic Lesion Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04807.pdf)
>  There are limited works showing the efficacy of unsupervised Out-of-Distribution (OOD) methods on complex medical data. Here, we present preliminary findings of our unsupervised OOD detection algorithm, SimCLR-LOF, as well as a recent state of the art approach (SSD), applied on medical images. SimCLR-LOF learns semantically meaningful features using SimCLR and uses LOF for scoring if a test sample is OOD. We evaluated on the multi-source International Skin Imaging Collaboration (ISIC) 2019 dataset, and show results that are competitive with SSD as well as with recent supervised approaches applied on the same data.      
### 48.TAGLETS: A System for Automatic Semi-Supervised Learning with Auxiliary Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04798.pdf)
>  Machine learning practitioners often have access to a spectrum of data: labeled data for the target task (which is often limited), unlabeled data, and auxiliary data, the many available labeled datasets for other tasks. We describe TAGLETS, a system built to study techniques for automatically exploiting all three types of data and creating high-quality, servable classifiers. The key components of TAGLETS are: (1) auxiliary data organized according to a knowledge graph, (2) modules encapsulating different methods for exploiting auxiliary and unlabeled data, and (3) a distillation stage in which the ensembled modules are combined into a servable model. We compare TAGLETS with state-of-the-art transfer learning and semi-supervised learning methods on four image classification tasks. Our study covers a range of settings, varying the amount of labeled data and the semantic relatedness of the auxiliary data to the target task. We find that the intelligent incorporation of auxiliary and unlabeled data into multiple learning techniques enables TAGLETS to match-and most often significantly surpass-these alternatives. TAGLETS is available as an open-source system at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/BatsResearch/taglets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 49.E(2) Equivariant Self-Attention for Radio Astronomy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04742.pdf)
>  In this work we introduce group-equivariant self-attention models to address the problem of explainable radio galaxy classification in astronomy. We evaluate various orders of both cyclic and dihedral equivariance, and show that including equivariance as a prior both reduces the number of epochs required to fit the data and results in improved performance. We highlight the benefits of equivariance when using self-attention as an explainable model and illustrate how equivariant models statistically attend the same features in their classifications as human astronomers.      
### 50.BRACS: A Dataset for BReAst Carcinoma Subtyping in H&amp;E Histology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04740.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer and registers the highest number of deaths for women with cancer. Recent advancements in diagnostic activities combined with large-scale screening policies have significantly lowered the mortality rates for breast cancer patients. However, the manual inspection of tissue slides by the pathologists is cumbersome, time-consuming, and is subject to significant inter- and intra-observer variability. Recently, the advent of whole-slide scanning systems have empowered the rapid digitization of pathology slides, and enabled to develop digital workflows. These advances further enable to leverage Artificial Intelligence (AI) to assist, automate, and augment pathological diagnosis. But the AI techniques, especially Deep Learning (DL), require a large amount of high-quality annotated data to learn from. Constructing such task-specific datasets poses several challenges, such as, data-acquisition level constrains, time-consuming and expensive annotations, and anonymization of private information. In this paper, we introduce the BReAst Carcinoma Subtyping (BRACS) dataset, a large cohort of annotated Hematoxylin &amp; Eosin (H&amp;E)-stained images to facilitate the characterization of breast lesions. BRACS contains 547 Whole-Slide Images (WSIs), and 4539 Regions of Interest (ROIs) extracted from the WSIs. Each WSI, and respective ROIs, are annotated by the consensus of three board-certified pathologists into different lesion categories. Specifically, BRACS includes three lesion types, i.e., benign, malignant and atypical, which are further subtyped into seven categories. It is, to the best of our knowledge, the largest annotated dataset for breast cancer subtyping both at WSI- and ROI-level. Further, by including the understudied atypical lesions, BRACS offers an unique opportunity for leveraging AI to better understand their characteristics.      
### 51.DR-VNet: Retinal Vessel Segmentation via Dense Residual UNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04739.pdf)
>  Accurate retinal vessel segmentation is an important task for many computer-aided diagnosis systems. Yet, it is still a challenging problem due to the complex vessel structures of an eye. Numerous vessel segmentation methods have been proposed recently, however more research is needed to deal with poor segmentation of thin and tiny vessels. To address this, we propose a new deep learning pipeline combining the efficiency of residual dense net blocks and, residual squeeze and excitation blocks. We validate experimentally our approach on three datasets and show that our pipeline outperforms current state of the art techniques on the sensitivity metric relevant to assess capture of small vessels.      
### 52.HEROHE Challenge: assessing HER2 status in breast cancer without immunohistochemistry or in situ hybridization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04738.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is the most common malignancy in women, being responsible for more than half a million deaths every year. As such, early and accurate diagnosis is of paramount importance. Human expertise is required to diagnose and correctly classify breast cancer and define appropriate therapy, which depends on the evaluation of the expression of different biomarkers such as the transmembrane protein receptor HER2. This evaluation requires several steps, including special techniques such as immunohistochemistry or in situ hybridization to assess HER2 status. With the goal of reducing the number of steps and human bias in diagnosis, the HEROHE Challenge was organized, as a parallel event of the 16th European Congress on Digital Pathology, aiming to automate the assessment of the HER2 status based only on hematoxylin and eosin stained tissue sample of invasive breast cancer. Methods to assess HER2 status were presented by 21 teams worldwide and the results achieved by some of the proposed methods open potential perspectives to advance the state-of-the-art.      
### 53.Synthetic magnetic resonance images for domain adaptation: Application to fetal brain tissue segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04737.pdf)
>  The quantitative assessment of the developing human brain in utero is crucial to fully understand neurodevelopment. Thus, automated multi-tissue fetal brain segmentation algorithms are being developed, which in turn require annotated data to be trained. However, the available annotated fetal brain datasets are limited in number and heterogeneity, hampering domain adaptation strategies for robust segmentation. In this context, we use FaBiAN, a Fetal Brain magnetic resonance Acquisition Numerical phantom, to simulate various realistic magnetic resonance images of the fetal brain along with its class labels. We demonstrate that these multiple synthetic annotated data, generated at no cost and further reconstructed using the target super-resolution technique, can be successfully used for domain adaptation of a deep learning method that segments seven brain tissues. Overall, the accuracy of the segmentation is significantly enhanced, especially in the cortical gray matter, the white matter, the cerebellum, the deep gray matter and the brain stem.      
### 54.Multi-Modality Cardiac Image Analysis with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04736.pdf)
>  Accurate cardiac computing, analysis and modeling from multi-modality images are important for the diagnosis and treatment of cardiac disease. Late gadolinium enhancement magnetic resonance imaging (LGE MRI) is a promising technique to visualize and quantify myocardial infarction (MI) and atrial scars. Automating quantification of MI and atrial scars can be challenging due to the low image quality and complex enhancement patterns of LGE MRI. Moreover, compared with the other sequences LGE MRIs with gold standard labels are particularly limited, which represents another obstacle for developing novel algorithms for automatic segmentation and quantification of LGE MRIs. This chapter aims to summarize the state-of-the-art and our recent advanced contributions on deep learning based multi-modality cardiac image analysis. Firstly, we introduce two benchmark works for multi-sequence cardiac MRI based myocardial and pathology segmentation. Secondly, two novel frameworks for left atrial scar segmentation and quantification from LGE MRI were presented. Thirdly, we present three unsupervised domain adaptation techniques for cross-modality cardiac image segmentation.      
### 55.Mixed Transformer U-Net For Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04734.pdf)
>  Though U-Net has achieved tremendous success in medical image segmentation tasks, it lacks the ability to explicitly model long-range dependencies. Therefore, Vision Transformers have emerged as alternative segmentation structures recently, for their innate ability of capturing long-range correlations through Self-Attention (SA). However, Transformers usually rely on large-scale pre-training and have high computational complexity. Furthermore, SA can only model self-affinities within a single sample, ignoring the potential correlations of the overall dataset. To address these problems, we propose a novel Transformer module named Mixed Transformer Module (MTM) for simultaneous inter- and intra- affinities learning. MTM first calculates self-affinities efficiently through our well-designed Local-Global Gaussian-Weighted Self-Attention (LGG-SA). Then, it mines inter-connections between data samples through External Attention (EA). By using MTM, we construct a U-shaped model named Mixed Transformer U-Net (MT-UNet) for accurate medical image segmentation. We test our method on two different public datasets, and the experimental results show that the proposed method achieves better performance over other state-of-the-art methods. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Dootmaan/MT-UNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Real-time landmark detection for precise endoscopic submucosal dissection via shape-aware relation network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.04733.pdf)
>  We propose a novel shape-aware relation network for accurate and real-time landmark detection in endoscopic submucosal dissection (ESD) surgery. This task is of great clinical significance but extremely challenging due to bleeding, lighting reflection, and motion blur in the complicated surgical environment. Compared with existing solutions, which either neglect geometric relationships among targeting objects or capture the relationships by using complicated aggregation schemes, the proposed network is capable of achieving satisfactory accuracy while maintaining real-time performance by taking full advantage of the spatial relations among landmarks. We first devise an algorithm to automatically generate relation keypoint heatmaps, which are able to intuitively represent the prior knowledge of spatial relations among landmarks without using any extra manual annotation efforts. We then develop two complementary regularization schemes to progressively incorporate the prior knowledge into the training process. While one scheme introduces pixel-level regularization by multi-task learning, the other integrates global-level regularization by harnessing a newly designed grouped consistency evaluator, which adds relation constraints to the proposed network in an adversarial manner. Both schemes are beneficial to the model in training, and can be readily unloaded in inference to achieve real-time detection. We establish a large in-house dataset of ESD surgery for esophageal cancer to validate the effectiveness of our proposed method. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of accuracy and efficiency, achieving better detection results faster. Promising results on two downstream applications further corroborate the great potential of our method in ESD clinical practice.      
