# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 17 Nov 2021
### 1.INTERN: A New Learning Paradigm Towards General Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08687.pdf)
>  Enormous waves of technological innovations over the past several years, marked by the advances in AI technologies, are profoundly reshaping the industry and the society. However, down the road, a key challenge awaits us, that is, our capability of meeting rapidly-growing scenario-specific demands is severely limited by the cost of acquiring a commensurate amount of training data. This difficult situation is in essence due to limitations of the mainstream learning paradigm: we need to train a new model for each new scenario, based on a large quantity of well-annotated data and commonly from scratch. In tackling this fundamental problem, we move beyond and develop a new learning paradigm named INTERN. By learning with supervisory signals from multiple sources in multiple stages, the model being trained will develop strong generalizability. We evaluate our model on 26 well-known datasets that cover four categories of tasks in computer vision. In most cases, our models, adapted with only 10% of the training data in the target domain, outperform the counterparts trained with the full set of data, often by a significant margin. This is an important step towards a promising prospect where such a model with general vision capability can dramatically reduce our reliance on data, thus expediting the adoption of AI technologies. Furthermore, revolving around our new paradigm, we also introduce a new data system, a new architecture, and a new benchmark, which, together, form a general vision ecosystem to support its future development in an open and inclusive manner.      
### 2.Diversified Multi-prototype Representation for Semi-supervised Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08651.pdf)
>  This work considers semi-supervised segmentation as a dense prediction problem based on prototype vector correlation and proposes a simple way to represent each segmentation class with multiple prototypes. To avoid degenerate solutions, two regularization strategies are applied on unlabeled images. The first one leverages mutual information maximization to ensure that all prototype vectors are considered by the network. The second explicitly enforces prototypes to be orthogonal by minimizing their cosine distance. Experimental results on two benchmark medical segmentation datasets reveal our method's effectiveness in improving segmentation performance when few annotated images are available.      
### 3.UBnormal: New Benchmark for Supervised Open-Set Video Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08644.pdf)
>  Detecting abnormal events in video is commonly framed as a one-class classification task, where training videos contain only normal events, while test videos encompass both normal and abnormal events. In this scenario, anomaly detection is an open-set problem. However, some studies assimilate anomaly detection to action recognition. This is a closed-set scenario that fails to test the capability of systems at detecting new anomaly types. To this end, we propose UBnormal, a new supervised open-set benchmark composed of multiple virtual scenes for video anomaly detection. Unlike existing data sets, we introduce abnormal events annotated at the pixel level at training time, for the first time enabling the use of fully-supervised learning methods for abnormal event detection. To preserve the typical open-set formulation, we make sure to include disjoint sets of anomaly types in our training and test collections of videos. To our knowledge, UBnormal is the first video anomaly detection benchmark to allow a fair head-to-head comparison between one-class open-set models and supervised closed-set models, as shown in our experiments. Moreover, we provide empirical evidence showing that UBnormal can enhance the performance of a state-of-the-art anomaly detection framework on two prominent data sets, Avenue and ShanghaiTech.      
### 4.A Data-Driven Approach for Linear and Nonlinear Damage Detection Using Variational Mode Decomposition and GARCH Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08620.pdf)
>  In this article, an original data-driven approach is proposed to detect both linear and nonlinear damage in structures using output-only responses. The method deploys variational mode decomposition (VMD) and a generalised autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity (GARCH) model for signal processing and feature extraction. To this end, VMD decomposes the response signals into intrinsic mode functions (IMFs). Afterwards, the GARCH model is utilised to represent the statistics of IMFs. The model coefficients of IMFs construct the primary feature vector. Kernel-based principal component analysis (PCA) and linear discriminant analysis (LDA) are utilised to reduce the redundancy of the primary features by mapping them to the new feature space. The informative features are then fed separately into three supervised classifiers, namely support vector machine (SVM), k-nearest neighbour (kNN), and fine tree. The performance of the proposed method is evaluated on two experimentally scaled models in terms of linear and nonlinear damage assessment. Kurtosis and ARCH tests proved the compatibility of the GARCH model.      
### 5.IKEA Object State Dataset: A 6DoF object pose estimation dataset and benchmark for multi-state assembly objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08614.pdf)
>  Utilizing 6DoF(Degrees of Freedom) pose information of an object and its components is critical for object state detection tasks. We present IKEA Object State Dataset, a new dataset that contains IKEA furniture 3D models, RGBD video of the assembly process, the 6DoF pose of furniture parts and their bounding box. The proposed dataset will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mxllmx/IKEAObjectStateDataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Joint Learning of Visual-Audio Saliency Prediction and Sound Source Localization on Multi-face Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08567.pdf)
>  Visual and audio events simultaneously occur and both attract attention. However, most existing saliency prediction works ignore the influence of audio and only consider vision modality. In this paper, we propose a multitask learning method for visual-audio saliency prediction and sound source localization on multi-face video by leveraging visual, audio and face information. Specifically, we first introduce a large-scale database of multi-face video in visual-audio condition (MVVA), containing eye-tracking data and sound source annotations. Using this database, we find that sound influences human attention, and conversly attention offers a cue to determine sound source on multi-face video. Guided by these findings, a visual-audio multi-task network (VAM-Net) is introduced to predict saliency and locate sound source. VAM-Net consists of three branches corresponding to visual, audio and face modalities. Visual branch has a two-stream architecture to capture spatial and temporal information. Face and audio branches encode audio signals and faces, respectively. Finally, a spatio-temporal multi-modal graph (STMG) is constructed to model the interaction among multiple faces. With joint optimization of these branches, the intrinsic correlation of the tasks of saliency prediction and sound source localization is utilized and their performance is boosted by each other. Experiments show that the proposed method outperforms 12 state-of-the-art saliency prediction methods, and achieves competitive results in sound source localization.      
### 7.Rethinking Keypoint Representations: Modeling Keypoints and Poses as Objects for Multi-Person Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08557.pdf)
>  In keypoint estimation tasks such as human pose estimation, heatmap-based regression is the dominant approach despite possessing notable drawbacks: heatmaps intrinsically suffer from quantization error and require excessive computation to generate and post-process. Motivated to find a more efficient solution, we propose a new heatmap-free keypoint estimation method in which individual keypoints and sets of spatially related keypoints (i.e., poses) are modeled as objects within a dense single-stage anchor-based detection framework. Hence, we call our method KAPAO (pronounced "Ka-Pow!") for Keypoints And Poses As Objects. We apply KAPAO to the problem of single-stage multi-person human pose estimation by simultaneously detecting human pose objects and keypoint objects and fusing the detections to exploit the strengths of both object representations. In experiments, we observe that KAPAO is significantly faster and more accurate than previous methods, which suffer greatly from heatmap post-processing. Moreover, the accuracy-speed trade-off is especially favourable in the practical setting when not using test-time augmentation. Our large model, KAPAO-L, achieves an AP of 70.6 on the Microsoft COCO Keypoints validation set without test-time augmentation, which is 2.5x faster and 4.0 AP more accurate than the next best single-stage model. Furthermore, KAPAO excels in the presence of heavy occlusion. On the CrowdPose test set, KAPAO-L achieves new state-of-the-art accuracy for a single-stage method with an AP of 68.9.      
### 8.Language bias in Visual Question Answering: A Survey and Taxonomy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08531.pdf)
>  Visual question answering (VQA) is a challenging task, which has attracted more and more attention in the field of computer vision and natural language processing. However, the current visual question answering has the problem of language bias, which reduces the robustness of the model and has an adverse impact on the practical application of visual question answering. In this paper, we conduct a comprehensive review and analysis of this field for the first time, and classify the existing methods according to three categories, including enhancing visual information, weakening language priors, data enhancement and training strategies. At the same time, the relevant representative methods are introduced, summarized and analyzed in turn. The causes of language bias are revealed and classified. Secondly, this paper introduces the datasets mainly used for testing, and reports the experimental results of various existing methods. Finally, we discuss the possible future research directions in this field.      
### 9.Learning Intrinsic Images for Clothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08521.pdf)
>  Reconstruction of human clothing is an important task and often relies on intrinsic image decomposition. With a lack of domain-specific data and coarse evaluation metrics, existing models failed to produce satisfying results for graphics applications. In this paper, we focus on intrinsic image decomposition for clothing images and have comprehensive improvements. We collected CloIntrinsics, a clothing intrinsic image dataset, including a synthetic training set and a real-world testing set. A more interpretable edge-aware metric and an annotation scheme is designed for the testing set, which allows diagnostic evaluation for intrinsic models. Finally, we propose ClothInNet model with carefully designed loss terms and an adversarial module. It utilizes easy-to-acquire labels to learn from real-world shading, significantly improves performance with only minor additional annotation effort. We show that our proposed model significantly reduce texture-copying artifacts while retaining surprisingly tiny details, outperforming existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 10.SequentialPointNet: A strong parallelized point cloud sequence network for 3D action recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08492.pdf)
>  Point cloud sequences of 3D human actions exhibit unordered intra-frame spatial information and ordered interframe temporal information. In order to capture the spatiotemporal structures of the point cloud sequences, cross-frame spatio-temporal local neighborhoods around the centroids are usually constructed. However, the computationally expensive construction procedure of spatio-temporal local neighborhoods severely limits the parallelism of models. Moreover, it is unreasonable to treat spatial and temporal information equally in spatio-temporal local learning, because human actions are complicated along the spatial dimensions and simple along the temporal dimension. In this paper, to avoid spatio-temporal local encoding, we propose a strong parallelized point cloud sequence network referred to as SequentialPointNet for 3D action recognition. SequentialPointNet is composed of two serial modules, i.e., an intra-frame appearance encoding module and an inter-frame motion encoding module. For modeling the strong spatial structures of human actions, each point cloud frame is processed in parallel in the intra-frame appearance encoding module and the feature vector of each frame is output to form a feature vector sequence that characterizes static appearance changes along the temporal dimension. For modeling the weak temporal changes of human actions, in the inter-frame motion encoding module, the temporal position encoding and the hierarchical pyramid pooling strategy are implemented on the feature vector sequence. In addition, in order to better explore spatio-temporal content, multiple level features of human movements are aggregated before performing the end-to-end 3D action recognition. Extensive experiments conducted on three public datasets show that SequentialPointNet outperforms stateof-the-art approaches.      
### 11.Consistent Semantic Attacks on Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08485.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach for semantically targeted adversarial attacks on Optical Flow. In such attacks the goal is to corrupt the flow predictions of a specific object category or instance. Usually, an attacker seeks to hide the adversarial perturbations in the input. However, a quick scan of the output reveals the attack. In contrast, our method helps to hide the attackers intent in the output as well. We achieve this thanks to a regularization term that encourages off-target consistency. We perform extensive tests on leading optical flow models to demonstrate the benefits of our approach in both white-box and black-box settings. Also, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our attack on subsequent tasks that depend on the optical flow.      
### 12.Point detection through multi-instance deep heatmap regression for sutures in endoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08468.pdf)
>  Purpose: Mitral valve repair is a complex minimally invasive surgery of the heart valve. In this context, suture detection from endoscopic images is a highly relevant task that provides quantitative information to analyse suturing patterns, assess prosthetic configurations and produce augmented reality visualisations. Facial or anatomical landmark detection tasks typically contain a fixed number of landmarks, and use regression or fixed heatmap-based approaches to localize the landmarks. However in endoscopy, there are a varying number of sutures in every image, and the sutures may occur at any location in the annulus, as they are not semantically unique. Method: In this work, we formulate the suture detection task as a multi-instance deep heatmap regression problem, to identify entry and exit points of sutures. We extend our previous work, and introduce the novel use of a 2D Gaussian layer followed by a differentiable 2D spatial Soft-Argmax layer to function as a local non-maximum suppression. Results: We present extensive experiments with multiple heatmap distribution functions and two variants of the proposed model. In the intra-operative domain, Variant 1 showed a mean F1 of +0.0422 over the baseline. Similarly, in the simulator domain, Variant 1 showed a mean F1 of +0.0865 over the baseline. Conclusion: The proposed model shows an improvement over the baseline in the intra-operative and the simulator domains. The data is made publicly available within the scope of the MICCAI AdaptOR2021 Challenge <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://adaptor2021.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, and the code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Cardio-AI/suture-detection-pytorch/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. DOI:<a class="link-https link-external" data-doi="10.1007/s11548-021-02523-w" href="https://arxiv.org/ct?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdx.doi.org%2F10.1007%2Fs11548-021-02523-w&amp;v=e174477f" rel="external noopener nofollow">10.1007/s11548-021-02523-w</a>. The link to the open access article can be found here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs11548-021-02523-w" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 13.Robust 3D Scene Segmentation through Hierarchical and Learnable Part-Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08434.pdf)
>  3D semantic segmentation is a fundamental building block for several scene understanding applications such as autonomous driving, robotics and AR/VR. Several state-of-the-art semantic segmentation models suffer from the part misclassification problem, wherein parts of the same object are labelled incorrectly. Previous methods have utilized hierarchical, iterative methods to fuse semantic and instance information, but they lack learnability in context fusion, and are computationally complex and heuristic driven. This paper presents Segment-Fusion, a novel attention-based method for hierarchical fusion of semantic and instance information to address the part misclassifications. The presented method includes a graph segmentation algorithm for grouping points into segments that pools point-wise features into segment-wise features, a learnable attention-based network to fuse these segments based on their semantic and instance features, and followed by a simple yet effective connected component labelling algorithm to convert segment features to instance labels. Segment-Fusion can be flexibly employed with any network architecture for semantic/instance segmentation. It improves the qualitative and quantitative performance of several semantic segmentation backbones by upto 5% when evaluated on the ScanNet and S3DIS datasets.      
### 14.Delta-GAN-Encoder: Encoding Semantic Changes for Explicit Image Editing, using Few Synthetic Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08419.pdf)
>  Understating and controlling generative models' latent space is a complex task. <br>In this paper, we propose a novel method for learning to control any desired attribute in a pre-trained GAN's latent space, for the purpose of editing synthesized and real-world data samples accordingly. <br>We perform Sim2Real learning, relying on minimal samples to achieve an unlimited amount of continuous precise edits. <br>We present an Autoencoder-based model that learns to encode the semantics of changes between images as a basis for editing new samples later on, achieving precise desired results - example shown in Fig. 1. <br>While previous editing methods rely on a known structure of latent spaces (e.g., linearity of some semantics in StyleGAN), our method inherently does not require any structural constraints. <br>We demonstrate our method in the domain of facial imagery: editing different expressions, poses, and lighting attributes, achieving state-of-the-art results.      
### 15.Improved Robustness of Vision Transformer via PreLayerNorm in Patch Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08413.pdf)
>  Vision transformers (ViTs) have recently demonstrated state-of-the-art performance in a variety of vision tasks, replacing convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Meanwhile, since ViT has a different architecture than CNN, it may behave differently. To investigate the reliability of ViT, this paper studies the behavior and robustness of ViT. We compared the robustness of CNN and ViT by assuming various image corruptions that may appear in practical vision tasks. We confirmed that for most image transformations, ViT showed robustness comparable to CNN or more improved. However, for contrast enhancement, severe performance degradations were consistently observed in ViT. From a detailed analysis, we identified a potential problem: positional embedding in ViT's patch embedding could work improperly when the color scale changes. Here we claim the use of PreLayerNorm, a modified patch embedding structure to ensure scale-invariant behavior of ViT. ViT with PreLayerNorm showed improved robustness in various corruptions including contrast-varying environments.      
### 16.Weakly-supervised fire segmentation by visualizing intermediate CNN layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08401.pdf)
>  Fire localization in images and videos is an important step for an autonomous system to combat fire incidents. State-of-art image segmentation methods based on deep neural networks require a large number of pixel-annotated samples to train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) in a fully-supervised manner. In this paper, we consider weakly supervised segmentation of fire in images, in which only image labels are used to train the network. We show that in the case of fire segmentation, which is a binary segmentation problem, the mean value of features in a mid-layer of classification CNN can perform better than conventional Class Activation Mapping (CAM) method. We also propose to further improve the segmentation accuracy by adding a rotation equivariant regularization loss on the features of the last convolutional layer. Our results show noticeable improvements over baseline method for weakly-supervised fire segmentation.      
### 17.Single Image Object Counting and Localizing using Active-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08383.pdf)
>  The need to count and localize repeating objects in an image arises in different scenarios, such as biological microscopy studies, production lines inspection, and surveillance recordings analysis. The use of supervised Convoutional Neural Networks (CNNs) achieves accurate object detection when trained over large class-specific datasets. The labeling effort in this approach does not pay-off when the counting is required over few images of a unique object class. <br>We present a new method for counting and localizing repeating objects in single-image scenarios, assuming no pre-trained classifier is available. Our method trains a CNN over a small set of labels carefully collected from the input image in few active-learning iterations. At each iteration, the latent space of the network is analyzed to extract a minimal number of user-queries that strives to both sample the in-class manifold as thoroughly as possible as well as avoid redundant labels. <br>Compared with existing user-assisted counting methods, our active-learning iterations achieve state-of-the-art performance in terms of counting and localizing accuracy, number of user mouse clicks, and running-time. This evaluation was performed through a large user study over a wide range of image classes with diverse conditions of illumination and occlusions.      
### 18.Fight Detection from Still Images in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08370.pdf)
>  Detecting fights from still images shared on social media is an important task required to limit the distribution of violent scenes in order to prevent their negative effects. For this reason, in this study, we address the problem of fight detection from still images collected from the web and social media. We explore how well one can detect fights from just a single still image. We also propose a new dataset, named Social Media Fight Images (SMFI), comprising real-world images of fight actions. Results of the extensive experiments on the proposed dataset show that fight actions can be recognized successfully from still images. That is, even without exploiting the temporal information, it is possible to detect fights with high accuracy by utilizing appearance only. We also perform cross-dataset experiments to evaluate the representation capacity of the collected dataset. These experiments indicate that, as in the other computer vision problems, there exists a dataset bias for the fight recognition problem. Although the methods achieve close to 100% accuracy when trained and tested on the same fight dataset, the cross-dataset accuracies are significantly lower, i.e., around 70% when more representative datasets are used for training. SMFI dataset is found to be one of the two most representative datasets among the utilized five fight datasets.      
### 19.SEnSeI: A Deep Learning Module for Creating Sensor Independent Cloud Masks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08349.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel neural network architecture -- Spectral ENcoder for SEnsor Independence (SEnSeI) -- by which several multispectral instruments, each with different combinations of spectral bands, can be used to train a generalised deep learning model. We focus on the problem of cloud masking, using several pre-existing datasets, and a new, freely available dataset for Sentinel-2. Our model is shown to achieve state-of-the-art performance on the satellites it was trained on (Sentinel-2 and Landsat 8), and is able to extrapolate to sensors it has not seen during training such as Landsat 7, PerúSat-1, and Sentinel-3 SLSTR. Model performance is shown to improve when multiple satellites are used in training, approaching or surpassing the performance of specialised, single-sensor models. This work is motivated by the fact that the remote sensing community has access to data taken with a hugely variety of sensors. This has inevitably led to labelling efforts being undertaken separately for different sensors, which limits the performance of deep learning models, given their need for huge training sets to perform optimally. Sensor independence can enable deep learning models to utilise multiple datasets for training simultaneously, boosting performance and making them much more widely applicable. This may lead to deep learning approaches being used more frequently for on-board applications and in ground segment data processing, which generally require models to be ready at launch or soon afterwards.      
### 20.Pansharpening by convolutional neural networks in the full resolution framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08334.pdf)
>  In recent years, there has been a growing interest on deep learning-based pansharpening. Research has mainly focused on architectures. However, lacking a ground truth, model training is also a major issue. A popular approach is to train networks in a reduced resolution domain, using the original data as ground truths. The trained networks are then used on full resolution data, relying on an implicit scale invariance hypothesis. Results are generally good at reduced resolution, but more questionable at full resolution. Here, we propose a full-resolution training framework for deep learning-based pansharpening. Training takes place in the high resolution domain, relying only on the original data, with no loss of information. To ensure spectral and spatial fidelity, suitable losses are defined, which force the pansharpened output to be consistent with the available panchromatic and multispectral input. Experiments carried out on WorldView-3, WorldView-2, and GeoEye-1 images show that methods trained with the proposed framework guarantee an excellent performance in terms of both full-resolution numerical indexes and visual quality. The framework is fully general, and can be used to train and fine-tune any deep learning-based pansharpening network.      
### 21.Choose Settings Carefully: Comparing Action Unit detection at Different Settings Using a Large-Scale Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08324.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the impact of some of the commonly used settings for (a) preprocessing face images, and (b) classification and training, on Action Unit (AU) detection performance and complexity. We use in our investigation a large-scale dataset, consisting of ~55K videos collected in the wild for participants watching commercial ads. The preprocessing settings include scaling the face to a fixed resolution, changing the color information (RGB to gray-scale), aligning the face, and cropping AU regions, while the classification and training settings include the kind of classifier (multi-label vs. binary) and the amount of data used for training models. To the best of our knowledge, no work had investigated the effect of those settings on AU detection. In our analysis we use CNNs as our baseline classification model.      
### 22.Which CNNs and Training Settings to Choose for Action Unit Detection? A Study Based on a Large-Scale Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08320.pdf)
>  In this paper we explore the influence of some frequently used Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), training settings, and training set structures, on Action Unit (AU) detection. Specifically, we first compare 10 different shallow and deep CNNs in AU detection. Second, we investigate how the different training settings (i.e. centering/normalizing the inputs, using different augmentation severities, and balancing the data) impact the performance in AU detection. Third, we explore the effect of increasing the number of labelled subjects and frames in the training set on the AU detection performance. These comparisons provide the research community with useful tips about the choice of different CNNs and training settings in AU detection. In our analysis, we use a large-scale naturalistic dataset, consisting of ~55K videos captured in the wild. To the best of our knowledge, there is no work that had investigated the impact of such settings on a large-scale AU dataset.      
### 23.DRINet++: Efficient Voxel-as-point Point Cloud Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08318.pdf)
>  Recently, many approaches have been proposed through single or multiple representations to improve the performance of point cloud semantic segmentation. However, these works do not maintain a good balance among performance, efficiency, and memory consumption. To address these issues, we propose DRINet++ that extends DRINet by enhancing the sparsity and geometric properties of a point cloud with a voxel-as-point principle. To improve efficiency and performance, DRINet++ mainly consists of two modules: Sparse Feature Encoder and Sparse Geometry Feature Enhancement. The Sparse Feature Encoder extracts the local context information for each point, and the Sparse Geometry Feature Enhancement enhances the geometric properties of a sparse point cloud via multi-scale sparse projection and attentive multi-scale fusion. In addition, we propose deep sparse supervision in the training phase to help convergence and alleviate the memory consumption problem. Our DRINet++ achieves state-of-the-art outdoor point cloud segmentation on both SemanticKITTI and Nuscenes datasets while running significantly faster and consuming less memory.      
### 24.TRIG: Transformer-Based Text Recognizer with Initial Embedding Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08314.pdf)
>  Scene text recognition (STR) is an important bridge between images and text, attracting abundant research attention. While convolutional neural networks (CNNS) have achieved remarkable progress in this task, most of the existing works need an extra module (context modeling module) to help CNN to capture global dependencies to solve the inductive bias and strengthen the relationship between text features. Recently, the transformer has been proposed as a promising network for global context modeling by self-attention mechanism, but one of the main shortcomings, when applied to recognition, is the efficiency. We propose a 1-D split to address the challenges of complexity and replace the CNN with the transformer encoder to reduce the need for a context modeling module. Furthermore, recent methods use a frozen initial embedding to guide the decoder to decode the features to text, leading to a loss of accuracy. We propose to use a learnable initial embedding learned from the transformer encoder to make it adaptive to different input images. Above all, we introduce a novel architecture for text recognition, named TRansformer-based text recognizer with Initial embedding Guidance (TRIG), composed of three stages (transformation, feature extraction, and prediction). Extensive experiments show that our approach can achieve state-of-the-art on text recognition benchmarks.      
### 25.NENet: Monocular Depth Estimation via Neural Ensembles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08313.pdf)
>  Depth estimation is getting a widespread popularity in the computer vision community, and it is still quite difficult to recover an accurate depth map using only one single RGB image. In this work, we observe a phenomenon that existing methods tend to exhibit asymmetric errors, which might open up a new direction for accurate and robust depth estimation. We carefully investigate into the phenomenon, and construct a two-level ensemble scheme, NENet, to integrate multiple predictions from diverse base predictors. The NENet forms a more reliable depth estimator, which substantially boosts the performance over base predictors. Notably, this is the first attempt to introduce ensemble learning and evaluate its utility for monocular depth estimation to the best of our knowledge. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed NENet achieves better results than previous state-of-the-art approaches on the NYU-Depth-v2 and KITTI datasets. In particular, our method improves previous state-of-the-art methods from 0.365 to 0.349 on the metric RMSE on the NYU dataset. To validate the generalizability across cameras, we directly apply the models trained on the NYU dataset to the SUN RGB-D dataset without any fine-tuning, and achieve the superior results, which indicate its strong generalizability. The source code and trained models will be publicly available upon the acceptance.      
### 26.Self-supervised High-fidelity and Re-renderable 3D Facial Reconstruction from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08282.pdf)
>  Reconstructing high-fidelity 3D facial texture from a single image is a challenging task since the lack of complete face information and the domain gap between the 3D face and 2D image. The most recent works tackle facial texture reconstruction problem by applying either generation-based or reconstruction-based methods. Although each method has its own advantage, none of them is capable of recovering a high-fidelity and re-renderable facial texture, where the term 're-renderable' demands the facial texture to be spatially complete and disentangled with environmental illumination. In this paper, we propose a novel self-supervised learning framework for reconstructing high-quality 3D faces from single-view images in-the-wild. Our main idea is to first utilize the prior generation module to produce a prior albedo, then leverage the detail refinement module to obtain detailed albedo. To further make facial textures disentangled with illumination, we present a novel detailed illumination representation which is reconstructed with the detailed albedo together. We also design several regularization loss functions on both the albedo side and illumination side to facilitate the disentanglement of these two factors. Finally, thanks to the differentiable rendering technique, our neural network can be efficiently trained in a self-supervised manner. Extensive experiments on challenging datasets demonstrate that our framework substantially outperforms state-of-the-art approaches in both qualitative and quantitative comparisons.      
### 27.Keypoint Message Passing for Video-based Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08279.pdf)
>  Video-based person re-identification (re-ID) is an important technique in visual surveillance systems which aims to match video snippets of people captured by different cameras. Existing methods are mostly based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs), whose building blocks either process local neighbor pixels at a time, or, when 3D convolutions are used to model temporal information, suffer from the misalignment problem caused by person movement. In this paper, we propose to overcome the limitations of normal convolutions with a human-oriented graph method. Specifically, features located at person joint keypoints are extracted and connected as a spatial-temporal graph. These keypoint features are then updated by message passing from their connected nodes with a graph convolutional network (GCN). During training, the GCN can be attached to any CNN-based person re-ID model to assist representation learning on feature maps, whilst it can be dropped after training for better inference speed. Our method brings significant improvements over the CNN-based baseline model on the MARS dataset with generated person keypoints and a newly annotated dataset: PoseTrackReID. It also defines a new state-of-the-art method in terms of top-1 accuracy and mean average precision in comparison to prior works.      
### 28.Data Augmentation using Random Image Cropping for High-resolution Virtual Try-On (VITON-CROP)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08270.pdf)
>  Image-based virtual try-on provides the capacity to transfer a clothing item onto a photo of a given person, which is usually accomplished by warping the item to a given human pose and adjusting the warped item to the person. However, the results of real-world synthetic images (e.g., selfies) from the previous method is not realistic because of the limitations which result in the neck being misrepresented and significant changes to the style of the garment. To address these challenges, we propose a novel method to solve this unique issue, called VITON-CROP. VITON-CROP synthesizes images more robustly when integrated with random crop augmentation compared to the existing state-of-the-art virtual try-on models. In the experiments, we demonstrate that VITON-CROP is superior to VITON-HD both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 29.Pose Recognition in the Wild: Animal pose estimation using Agglomerative Clustering and Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08259.pdf)
>  Animal pose estimation has recently come into the limelight due to its application in biology, zoology, and aquaculture. Deep learning methods have effectively been applied to human pose estimation. However, the major bottleneck to the application of these methods to animal pose estimation is the unavailability of sufficient quantities of labeled data. Though there are ample quantities of unlabelled data publicly available, it is economically impractical to label large quantities of data for each animal. In addition, due to the wide variety of body shapes in the animal kingdom, the transfer of knowledge across domains is ineffective. Given the fact that the human brain is able to recognize animal pose without requiring large amounts of labeled data, it is only reasonable that we exploit unsupervised learning to tackle the problem of animal pose recognition from the available, unlabelled data. In this paper, we introduce a novel architecture that is able to recognize the pose of multiple animals fromunlabelled data. We do this by (1) removing background information from each image and employing an edge detection algorithm on the body of the animal, (2) Tracking motion of the edge pixels and performing agglomerative clustering to segment body parts, (3) employing contrastive learning to discourage grouping of distant body parts together. Hence we are able to distinguish between body parts of the animal, based on their visual behavior, instead of the underlying anatomy. Thus, we are able to achieve a more effective classification of the data than their human-labeled counterparts. We test our model on the TigDog and WLD (WildLife Documentary) datasets, where we outperform state-of-the-art approaches by a significant margin. We also study the performance of our model on other public data to demonstrate the generalization ability of our model.      
### 30.Enabling equivariance for arbitrary Lie groups  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08251.pdf)
>  Although provably robust to translational perturbations, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are known to suffer from extreme performance degradation when presented at test time with more general geometric transformations of inputs. Recently, this limitation has motivated a shift in focus from CNNs to Capsule Networks (CapsNets). However, CapsNets suffer from admitting relatively few theoretical guarantees of invariance. We introduce a rigourous mathematical framework to permit invariance to any Lie group of warps, exclusively using convolutions (over Lie groups), without the need for capsules. Previous work on group convolutions has been hampered by strong assumptions about the group, which precludes the application of such techniques to common warps in computer vision such as affine and homographic. Our framework enables the implementation of group convolutions over \emph{any} finite-dimensional Lie group. We empirically validate our approach on the benchmark affine-invariant classification task, where we achieve $\sim$30\% improvement in accuracy against conventional CNNs while outperforming the state-of-the-art CapsNet. As further illustration of the generality of our framework, we train a homography-convolutional model which achieves superior robustness on a homography-perturbed dataset, where CapsNet results degrade.      
### 31.Bengali Handwritten Grapheme Classification: Deep Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08249.pdf)
>  Despite being one of the most spoken languages in the world ($6^{th}$ based on population), research regarding Bengali handwritten grapheme (smallest functional unit of a writing system) classification has not been explored widely compared to other prominent languages. Moreover, the large number of combinations of graphemes in the Bengali language makes this classification task very challenging. With an effort to contribute to this research problem, we participate in a Kaggle competition \cite{kaggle_link} where the challenge is to separately classify three constituent elements of a Bengali grapheme in the image: grapheme root, vowel diacritics, and consonant diacritics. We explore the performances of some existing neural network models such as Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) and state of the art ResNet50. To further improve the performance we propose our own convolution neural network (CNN) model for Bengali grapheme classification with validation root accuracy 95.32\%, vowel accuracy 98.61\%, and consonant accuracy 98.76\%. We also explore Region Proposal Network (RPN) using VGGNet with a limited setting that can be a potential future direction to improve the performance.      
### 32.CAR -- Cityscapes Attributes Recognition A Multi-category Attributes Dataset for Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08243.pdf)
>  Self-driving vehicles are the future of transportation. With current advancements in this field, the world is getting closer to safe roads with almost zero probability of having accidents and eliminating human errors. However, there is still plenty of research and development necessary to reach a level of robustness. One important aspect is to understand a scene fully including all details. As some characteristics (attributes) of objects in a scene (drivers' behavior for instance) could be imperative for correct decision making. However, current algorithms suffer from low-quality datasets with such rich attributes. Therefore, in this paper, we present a new dataset for attributes recognition -- Cityscapes Attributes Recognition (CAR). The new dataset extends the well-known dataset Cityscapes by adding an additional yet important annotation layer of attributes of objects in each image. Currently, we have annotated more than 32k instances of various categories (Vehicles, Pedestrians, etc.). The dataset has a structured and tailored taxonomy where each category has its own set of possible attributes. The tailored taxonomy focuses on attributes that is of most beneficent for developing better self-driving algorithms that depend on accurate computer vision and scene comprehension. We have also created an API for the dataset to ease the usage of CAR. The API can be accessed through <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kareem-metwaly/CAR-API" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.$AIR^2$ for Interaction Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08184.pdf)
>  The 2021 Waymo Interaction Prediction Challenge introduced a problem of predicting the future trajectories and confidences of two interacting agents jointly. We developed a solution that takes an anchored marginal motion prediction model with rasterization and augments it to model agent interaction. We do this by predicting the joint confidences using a rasterized image that highlights the ego agent and the interacting agent. Our solution operates on the cartesian product space of the anchors; hence the $"^2"$ in $AIR^2$. Our model achieved the highest mAP (the primary metric) on the leaderboard.      
### 34.Coarse-to-fine Animal Pose and Shape Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08176.pdf)
>  Most existing animal pose and shape estimation approaches reconstruct animal meshes with a parametric SMAL model. This is because the low-dimensional pose and shape parameters of the SMAL model makes it easier for deep networks to learn the high-dimensional animal meshes. However, the SMAL model is learned from scans of toy animals with limited pose and shape variations, and thus may not be able to represent highly varying real animals well. This may result in poor fittings of the estimated meshes to the 2D evidences, e.g. 2D keypoints or silhouettes. To mitigate this problem, we propose a coarse-to-fine approach to reconstruct 3D animal mesh from a single image. The coarse estimation stage first estimates the pose, shape and translation parameters of the SMAL model. The estimated meshes are then used as a starting point by a graph convolutional network (GCN) to predict a per-vertex deformation in the refinement stage. This combination of SMAL-based and vertex-based representations benefits from both parametric and non-parametric representations. We design our mesh refinement GCN (MRGCN) as an encoder-decoder structure with hierarchical feature representations to overcome the limited receptive field of traditional GCNs. Moreover, we observe that the global image feature used by existing animal mesh reconstruction works is unable to capture detailed shape information for mesh refinement. We thus introduce a local feature extractor to retrieve a vertex-level feature and use it together with the global feature as the input of the MRGCN. We test our approach on the StanfordExtra dataset and achieve state-of-the-art results. Furthermore, we test the generalization capacity of our approach on the Animal Pose and BADJA datasets. Our code is available at the project website.      
### 35.ShapeY: Measuring Shape Recognition Capacity Using Nearest Neighbor Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08174.pdf)
>  Object recognition in humans depends primarily on shape cues. We have developed a new approach to measuring the shape recognition performance of a vision system based on nearest neighbor view matching within the system's embedding space. Our performance benchmark, ShapeY, allows for precise control of task difficulty, by enforcing that view matching span a specified degree of 3D viewpoint change and/or appearance change. As a first test case we measured the performance of ResNet50 pre-trained on ImageNet. Matching error rates were high. For example, a 27 degree change in object pitch led ResNet50 to match the incorrect object 45% of the time. Appearance changes were also highly disruptive. Examination of false matches indicates that ResNet50's embedding space is severely "tangled". These findings suggest ShapeY can be a useful tool for charting the progress of artificial vision systems towards human-level shape recognition capabilities.      
### 36.LIMEcraft: Handcrafted superpixel selection and inspection for Visual eXplanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08094.pdf)
>  The increased interest in deep learning applications, and their hard-to-detect biases result in the need to validate and explain complex models. However, current explanation methods are limited as far as both the explanation of the reasoning process and prediction results are concerned. They usually only show the location in the image that was important for model prediction. The lack of possibility to interact with explanations makes it difficult to verify and understand exactly how the model works. This creates a significant risk when using the model. It is compounded by the fact that explanations do not take into account the semantic meaning of the explained objects. To escape from the trap of static explanations, we propose an approach called LIMEcraft that allows a user to interactively select semantically consistent areas and thoroughly examine the prediction for the image instance in case of many image features. Experiments on several models showed that our method improves model safety by inspecting model fairness for image pieces that may indicate model bias. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/MI2DataLab/LIMEcraft" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 37.Two-dimensional Deep Regression for Early Yield Prediction of Winter Wheat  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08069.pdf)
>  Crop yield prediction is one of the tasks of Precision Agriculture that can be automated based on multi-source periodic observations of the fields. We tackle the yield prediction problem using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) trained on data that combines radar satellite imagery and on-ground information. We present a CNN architecture called Hyper3DNetReg that takes in a multi-channel input image and outputs a two-dimensional raster, where each pixel represents the predicted yield value of the corresponding input pixel. We utilize radar data acquired from the Sentinel-1 satellites, while the on-ground data correspond to a set of six raster features: nitrogen rate applied, precipitation, slope, elevation, topographic position index (TPI), and aspect. We use data collected during the early stage of the winter wheat growing season (March) to predict yield values during the harvest season (August). We present experiments over four fields of winter wheat and show that our proposed methodology yields better results than five compared methods, including multiple linear regression, an ensemble of feedforward networks using AdaBoost, a stacked autoencoder, and two other CNN architectures.      
### 38.Synthetic Unknown Class Learning for Learning Unknowns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08062.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the open set recognition (OSR) problem, where the goal is to correctly classify samples of known classes while detecting unknown samples to reject. In the OSR problem, "unknown" is assumed to have infinite possibilities because we have no knowledge about unknowns until they emerge. Intuitively, the more an OSR system explores the possibilities of unknowns, the more likely it is to detect unknowns. Thus, this paper proposes a novel synthetic unknown class learning method that generates unknown-like samples while maintaining diversity between the generated samples and learns these samples. In addition to this unknown sample generation process, knowledge distillation is introduced to provide room for learning synthetic unknowns. By learning the unknown-like samples and known samples in an alternating manner, the proposed method can not only experience diverse synthetic unknowns but also reduce overgeneralization with respect to known classes. Experiments on several benchmark datasets show that the proposed method significantly outperforms other state-of-the-art approaches. It is also shown that realistic unknown digits can be generated and learned via the proposed method after training on the MNIST dataset.      
### 39.Beyond Mono to Binaural: Generating Binaural Audio from Mono Audio with Depth and Cross Modal Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08046.pdf)
>  Binaural audio gives the listener an immersive experience and can enhance augmented and virtual reality. However, recording binaural audio requires specialized setup with a dummy human head having microphones in left and right ears. Such a recording setup is difficult to build and setup, therefore mono audio has become the preferred choice in common devices. To obtain the same impact as binaural audio, recent efforts have been directed towards lifting mono audio to binaural audio conditioned on the visual input from the scene. Such approaches have not used an important cue for the task: the distance of different sound producing objects from the microphones. In this work, we argue that depth map of the scene can act as a proxy for inducing distance information of different objects in the scene, for the task of audio binauralization. We propose a novel encoder-decoder architecture with a hierarchical attention mechanism to encode image, depth and audio feature jointly. We design the network on top of state-of-the-art transformer networks for image and depth representation. We show empirically that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods comfortably for two challenging public datasets FAIR-Play and MUSIC-Stereo. We also demonstrate with qualitative results that the method is able to focus on the right information required for the task. The project details are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://krantiparida.github.io/projects/bmonobinaural.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 40.Bag of Tricks and A Strong baseline for Image Copy Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08004.pdf)
>  Image copy detection is of great importance in real-life social media. In this paper, a bag of tricks and a strong baseline are proposed for image copy detection. Unsupervised pre-training substitutes the commonly-used supervised one. Beyond that, we design a descriptor stretching strategy to stabilize the scores of different queries. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is effective. The proposed baseline ranks third out of 526 participants on the Facebook AI Image Similarity Challenge: Descriptor Track. The code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WangWenhao0716/ISC-Track2-Submission" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.A Latent Encoder Coupled Generative Adversarial Network (LE-GAN) for Efficient Hyperspectral Image Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08685.pdf)
>  Realistic hyperspectral image (HSI) super-resolution (SR) techniques aim to generate a high-resolution (HR) HSI with higher spectral and spatial fidelity from its low-resolution (LR) counterpart. The generative adversarial network (GAN) has proven to be an effective deep learning framework for image super-resolution. However, the optimisation process of existing GAN-based models frequently suffers from the problem of mode collapse, leading to the limited capacity of spectral-spatial invariant reconstruction. This may cause the spectral-spatial distortion on the generated HSI, especially with a large upscaling factor. To alleviate the problem of mode collapse, this work has proposed a novel GAN model coupled with a latent encoder (LE-GAN), which can map the generated spectral-spatial features from the image space to the latent space and produce a coupling component to regularise the generated samples. Essentially, we treat an HSI as a high-dimensional manifold embedded in a latent space. Thus, the optimisation of GAN models is converted to the problem of learning the distributions of high-resolution HSI samples in the latent space, making the distributions of the generated super-resolution HSIs closer to those of their original high-resolution counterparts. We have conducted experimental evaluations on the model performance of super-resolution and its capability in alleviating mode collapse. The proposed approach has been tested and validated based on two real HSI datasets with different sensors (i.e. AVIRIS and UHD-185) for various upscaling factors and added noise levels, and compared with the state-of-the-art super-resolution models (i.e. HyCoNet, LTTR, BAGAN, SR- GAN, WGAN).      
### 42.Advancement of Deep Learning in Pneumonia and Covid-19 Classification and Localization: A Qualitative and Quantitative Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08606.pdf)
>  Around 450 million people are affected by pneumonia every year which results in 2.5 million deaths. Covid-19 has also affected 181 million people which has lead to 3.92 million casualties. The chances of death in both of these diseases can be significantly reduced if they are diagnosed early. However, the current methods of diagnosing pneumonia (complaints + chest X-ray) and covid-19 (RT-PCR) require the presence of expert radiologists and time, respectively. With the help of Deep Learning models, pneumonia and covid-19 can be detected instantly from Chest X-rays or CT scans. This way, the process of diagnosing Pneumonia/Covid-19 can be made more efficient and widespread. In this paper, we aim to elicit, explain, and evaluate, qualitatively and quantitatively, major advancements in deep learning methods aimed at detecting or localizing community-acquired pneumonia (CAP), viral pneumonia, and covid-19 from images of chest X-rays and CT scans. Being a systematic review, the focus of this paper lies in explaining deep learning model architectures which have either been modified or created from scratch for the task at hand wiwth focus on generalizability. For each model, this paper answers the question of why the model is designed the way it is, the challenges that a particular model overcomes, and the tradeoffs that come with modifying a model to the required specifications. A quantitative analysis of all models described in the paper is also provided to quantify the effectiveness of different models with a similar goal. Some tradeoffs cannot be quantified, and hence they are mentioned explicitly in the qualitative analysis, which is done throughout the paper. By compiling and analyzing a large quantum of research details in one place with all the datasets, model architectures, and results, we aim to provide a one-stop solution to beginners and current researchers interested in this field.      
### 43.A layer-stress learning framework universally augments deep neural network tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08597.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNN) such as Multi-Layer Perception (MLP) and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) represent one of the most established deep learning algorithms. Given the tremendous effects of the number of hidden layers on network architecture and performance, it is very important to choose the number of hidden layers but still a serious challenge. More importantly, the current network architectures can only process the information from the last layer of the feature extractor, which greatly limited us to further improve its performance. Here we presented a layer-stress deep learning framework (x-NN) which implemented automatic and wise depth decision on shallow or deep feature map in a deep network through firstly designing enough number of layers and then trading off them by Multi-Head Attention Block. The x-NN can make use of features from various depth layers through attention allocation and then help to make final decision as well. As a result, x-NN showed outstanding prediction ability in the Alzheimer's Disease Classification Technique Challenge PRCV 2021, in which it won the top laurel and outperformed all other AI models. Moreover, the performance of x-NN was verified by one more AD neuroimaging dataset and other AI tasks.      
### 44.Robustness of Bayesian Neural Networks to White-Box Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08591.pdf)
>  Bayesian Neural Networks (BNNs), unlike Traditional Neural Networks (TNNs) are robust and adept at handling adversarial attacks by incorporating randomness. This randomness improves the estimation of uncertainty, a feature lacking in TNNs. Thus, we investigate the robustness of BNNs to white-box attacks using multiple Bayesian neural architectures. Furthermore, we create our BNN model, called BNN-DenseNet, by fusing Bayesian inference (i.e., variational Bayes) to the DenseNet architecture, and BDAV, by combining this intervention with adversarial training. Experiments are conducted on the CIFAR-10 and FGVC-Aircraft datasets. We attack our models with strong white-box attacks ($l_\infty$-FGSM, $l_\infty$-PGD, $l_2$-PGD, EOT $l_\infty$-FGSM, and EOT $l_\infty$-PGD). In all experiments, at least one BNN outperforms traditional neural networks during adversarial attack scenarios. An adversarially-trained BNN outperforms its non-Bayesian, adversarially-trained counterpart in most experiments, and often by significant margins. Lastly, we investigate network calibration and find that BNNs do not make overconfident predictions, providing evidence that BNNs are also better at measuring uncertainty.      
### 45.GRI: General Reinforced Imitation and its Application to Vision-Based Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08575.pdf)
>  Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) has been demonstrated to be effective for several complex decision-making applications such as autonomous driving and robotics. However, DRL is notoriously limited by its high sample complexity and its lack of stability. Prior knowledge, e.g. as expert demonstrations, is often available but challenging to leverage to mitigate these issues. In this paper, we propose General Reinforced Imitation (GRI), a novel method which combines benefits from exploration and expert data and is straightforward to implement over any off-policy RL algorithm. We make one simplifying hypothesis: expert demonstrations can be seen as perfect data whose underlying policy gets a constant high reward. Based on this assumption, GRI introduces the notion of offline demonstration agents. This agent sends expert data which are processed both concurrently and indistinguishably with the experiences coming from the online RL exploration agent. We show that our approach enables major improvements on vision-based autonomous driving in urban environments. We further validate the GRI method on Mujoco continuous control tasks with different off-policy RL algorithms. Our method ranked first on the CARLA Leaderboard and outperforms World on Rails, the previous state-of-the-art, by 17%.      
### 46.Tracking Blobs in the Turbulent Edge Plasma of Tokamak Fusion Reactors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08570.pdf)
>  The analysis of turbulent flows is a significant area in fusion plasma physics. Current theoretical models quantify the degree of turbulence based on the evolution of certain plasma density structures, called blobs. In this work we track the shape and the position of these blobs in high frequency video data obtained from Gas Puff Imaging (GPI) diagnostics, by training a mask R-CNN model on synthetic data and testing on both synthetic and real data. As a result, our model effectively tracks blob structures on both synthetic and real experimental GPI data, showing its prospect as a powerful tool to estimate blob statistics linked with edge turbulence of the tokamak plasma.      
### 47.SPANN: Highly-efficient Billion-scale Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08566.pdf)
>  The in-memory algorithms for approximate nearest neighbor search (ANNS) have achieved great success for fast high-recall search, but are extremely expensive when handling very large scale database. Thus, there is an increasing request for the hybrid ANNS solutions with small memory and inexpensive solid-state drive (SSD). In this paper, we present a simple but efficient memory-disk hybrid indexing and search system, named SPANN, that follows the inverted index methodology. It stores the centroid points of the posting lists in the memory and the large posting lists in the disk. We guarantee both disk-access efficiency (low latency) and high recall by effectively reducing the disk-access number and retrieving high-quality posting lists. In the index-building stage, we adopt a hierarchical balanced clustering algorithm to balance the length of posting lists and augment the posting list by adding the points in the closure of the corresponding clusters. In the search stage, we use a query-aware scheme to dynamically prune the access of unnecessary posting lists. Experiment results demonstrate that SPANN is 2$\times$ faster than the state-of-the-art ANNS solution DiskANN to reach the same recall quality $90\%$ with same memory cost in three billion-scale datasets. It can reach $90\%$ recall@1 and recall@10 in just around one millisecond with only 32GB memory cost. Code is available at: {\footnotesize\color{blue}{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/SPTAG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}}.      
### 48.Human-error-potential Estimation based on Wearable Biometric Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08502.pdf)
>  This study tackles on a new problem of estimating human-error potential on a shop floor on the basis of wearable sensors. Unlike existing studies that utilize biometric sensing technology to estimate people's internal state such as fatigue and mental stress, we attempt to estimate the human-error potential in a situation where a target person does not stay calm, which is much more difficult as sensor noise significantly increases. We propose a novel formulation, in which the human-error-potential estimation problem is reduced to a classification problem, and introduce a new method that can be used for solving the classification problem even with noisy sensing data. The key ideas are to model the process of calculating biometric indices probabilistically so that the prior knowledge on the biometric indices can be integrated, and to utilize the features that represent the movement of target persons in combination with biometric features. The experimental analysis showed that our method effectively estimates the human-error potential.      
### 49.Code-free development and deployment of deep segmentation models for digital pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08430.pdf)
>  Application of deep learning on histopathological whole slide images (WSIs) holds promise of improving diagnostic efficiency and reproducibility but is largely dependent on the ability to write computer code or purchase commercial solutions. We present a code-free pipeline utilizing free-to-use, open-source software (QuPath, DeepMIB, and FastPathology) for creating and deploying deep learning-based segmentation models for computational pathology. We demonstrate the pipeline on a use case of separating epithelium from stroma in colonic mucosa. A dataset of 251 annotated WSIs, comprising 140 hematoxylin-eosin (HE)-stained and 111 CD3 immunostained colon biopsy WSIs, were developed through active learning using the pipeline. On a hold-out test set of 36 HE and 21 CD3-stained WSIs a mean intersection over union score of 96.6% and 95.3% was achieved on epithelium segmentation. We demonstrate pathologist-level segmentation accuracy and clinical acceptable runtime performance and show that pathologists without programming experience can create near state-of-the-art segmentation solutions for histopathological WSIs using only free-to-use software. The study further demonstrates the strength of open-source solutions in its ability to create generalizable, open pipelines, of which trained models and predictions can seamlessly be exported in open formats and thereby used in external solutions. All scripts, trained models, a video tutorial, and the full dataset of 251 WSIs with ~31k epithelium annotations are made openly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/andreped/NoCodeSeg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> to accelerate research in the field.      
### 50.An Overview of Backdoor Attacks Against Deep Neural Networks and Possible Defences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08429.pdf)
>  Together with impressive advances touching every aspect of our society, AI technology based on Deep Neural Networks (DNN) is bringing increasing security concerns. While attacks operating at test time have monopolised the initial attention of researchers, backdoor attacks, exploiting the possibility of corrupting DNN models by interfering with the training process, represents a further serious threat undermining the dependability of AI techniques. In a backdoor attack, the attacker corrupts the training data so to induce an erroneous behaviour at test time. Test time errors, however, are activated only in the presence of a triggering event corresponding to a properly crafted input sample. In this way, the corrupted network continues to work as expected for regular inputs, and the malicious behaviour occurs only when the attacker decides to activate the backdoor hidden within the network. In the last few years, backdoor attacks have been the subject of an intense research activity focusing on both the development of new classes of attacks, and the proposal of possible countermeasures. The goal of this overview paper is to review the works published until now, classifying the different types of attacks and defences proposed so far. The classification guiding the analysis is based on the amount of control that the attacker has on the training process, and the capability of the defender to verify the integrity of the data used for training, and to monitor the operations of the DNN at training and test time. As such, the proposed analysis is particularly suited to highlight the strengths and weaknesses of both attacks and defences with reference to the application scenarios they are operating in.      
### 51.Grounding Psychological Shape Space in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08409.pdf)
>  Shape information is crucial for human perception and cognition, and should therefore also play a role in cognitive AI systems. We employ the interdisciplinary framework of conceptual spaces, which proposes a geometric representation of conceptual knowledge through low-dimensional interpretable similarity spaces. These similarity spaces are often based on psychological dissimilarity ratings for a small set of stimuli, which are then transformed into a spatial representation by a technique called multidimensional scaling. Unfortunately, this approach is incapable of generalizing to novel stimuli. In this paper, we use convolutional neural networks to learn a generalizable mapping between perceptual inputs (pixels of grayscale line drawings) and a recently proposed psychological similarity space for the shape domain. We investigate different network architectures (classification network vs. autoencoder) and different training regimes (transfer learning vs. multi-task learning). Our results indicate that a classification-based multi-task learning scenario yields the best results, but that its performance is relatively sensitive to the dimensionality of the similarity space.      
### 52.2.5D Vehicle Odometry Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08398.pdf)
>  It is well understood that in ADAS applications, a good estimate of the pose of the vehicle is required. This paper proposes a metaphorically named 2.5D odometry, whereby the planar odometry derived from the yaw rate sensor and four wheel speed sensors is augmented by a linear model of suspension. While the core of the planar odometry is a yaw rate model that is already understood in the literature, we augment this by fitting a quadratic to the incoming signals, enabling interpolation, extrapolation, and a finer integration of the vehicle position. We show, by experimental results with a DGPS/IMU reference, that this model provides highly accurate odometry estimates, compared with existing methods. Utilising sensors that return the change in height of vehicle reference points with changing suspension configurations, we define a planar model of the vehicle suspension, thus augmenting the odometry model. We present an experimental framework and evaluations criteria by which the goodness of the odometry is evaluated and compared with existing methods. This odometry model has been designed to support low-speed surround-view camera systems that are well-known. Thus, we present some application results that show a performance boost for viewing and computer vision applications using the proposed odometry      
### 53.Image-specific Convolutional Kernel Modulation for Single Image Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08362.pdf)
>  Recently, deep-learning-based super-resolution methods have achieved excellent performances, but mainly focus on training a single generalized deep network by feeding numerous samples. Yet intuitively, each image has its representation, and is expected to acquire an adaptive model. For this issue, we propose a novel image-specific convolutional kernel modulation (IKM) by exploiting the global contextual information of image or feature to generate an attention weight for adaptively modulating the convolutional kernels, which outperforms the vanilla convolution and several existing attention mechanisms while embedding into the state-of-the-art architectures without any additional parameters. Particularly, to optimize our IKM in mini-batch training, we introduce an image-specific optimization (IsO) algorithm, which is more effective than the conventional mini-batch SGD optimization. Furthermore, we investigate the effect of IKM on the state-of-the-art architectures and exploit a new backbone with U-style residual learning and hourglass dense block learning, terms U-Hourglass Dense Network (U-HDN), which is an appropriate architecture to utmost improve the effectiveness of IKM theoretically and experimentally. Extensive experiments on single image super-resolution show that the proposed methods achieve superior performances over state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/YuanfeiHuang/IKM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 54.Multi-Grained Vision Language Pre-Training: Aligning Texts with Visual Concepts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08276.pdf)
>  Most existing methods in vision language pre-training rely on object-centric features extracted through object detection, and make fine-grained alignments between the extracted features and texts. We argue that the use of object detection may not be suitable for vision language pre-training. Instead, we point out that the task should be performed so that the regions of `visual concepts' mentioned in the texts are located in the images, and in the meantime alignments between texts and visual concepts are identified, where the alignments are in multi-granularity. This paper proposes a new method called X-VLM to perform `multi-grained vision language pre-training'. Experimental results show that X-VLM consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods in many downstream vision language tasks.      
### 55.Online Meta Adaptation for Variable-Rate Learned Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08256.pdf)
>  This work addresses two major issues of end-to-end learned image compression (LIC) based on deep neural networks: variable-rate learning where separate networks are required to generate compressed images with varying qualities, and the train-test mismatch between differentiable approximate quantization and true hard quantization. We introduce an online meta-learning (OML) setting for LIC, which combines ideas from meta learning and online learning in the conditional variational auto-encoder (CVAE) framework. By treating the conditional variables as meta parameters and treating the generated conditional features as meta priors, the desired reconstruction can be controlled by the meta parameters to accommodate compression with variable qualities. The online learning framework is used to update the meta parameters so that the conditional reconstruction is adaptively tuned for the current image. Through the OML mechanism, the meta parameters can be effectively updated through SGD. The conditional reconstruction is directly based on the quantized latent representation in the decoder network, and therefore helps to bridge the gap between the training estimation and true quantized latent distribution. Experiments demonstrate that our OML approach can be flexibly applied to different state-of-the-art LIC methods to achieve additional performance improvements with little computation and transmission overhead.      
### 56.Comparative Analysis of Machine Learning Models for Predicting Travel Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08226.pdf)
>  In this paper, five different deep learning models are being compared for predicting travel time. These models are autoregressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) model, recurrent neural network (RNN) model, autoregressive (AR) model, Long-short term memory (LSTM) model, and gated recurrent units (GRU) model. The aim of this study is to investigate the performance of each developed model for forecasting travel time. The dataset used in this paper consists of travel time and travel speed information from the state of Missouri. The learning rate used for building each model was varied from 0.0001-0.01. The best learning rate was found to be 0.001. The study concluded that the ARIMA model was the best model architecture for travel time prediction and forecasting.      
### 57.RapidRead: Global Deployment of State-of-the-art Radiology AI for a Large Veterinary Teleradiology Practice  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08165.pdf)
>  This work describes the development and real-world deployment of a deep learning-based AI system for evaluating canine and feline radiographs across a broad range of findings and abnormalities. We describe a new semi-supervised learning approach that combines NLP-derived labels with self-supervised training leveraging more than 2.5 million x-ray images. Finally we describe the clinical deployment of the model including system architecture, real-time performance evaluation and data drift detection.      
### 58.An Underexplored Dilemma between Confidence and Calibration in Quantized Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08163.pdf)
>  Modern convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are known to be overconfident in terms of their calibration on unseen input data. That is to say, they are more confident than they are accurate. This is undesirable if the probabilities predicted are to be used for downstream decision making. When considering accuracy, CNNs are also surprisingly robust to compression techniques, such as quantization, which aim to reduce computational and memory costs. We show that this robustness can be partially explained by the calibration behavior of modern CNNs, and may be improved with overconfidence. This is due to an intuitive result: low confidence predictions are more likely to change post-quantization, whilst being less accurate. High confidence predictions will be more accurate, but more difficult to change. Thus, a minimal drop in post-quantization accuracy is incurred. This presents a potential conflict in neural network design: worse calibration from overconfidence may lead to better robustness to quantization. We perform experiments applying post-training quantization to a variety of CNNs, on the CIFAR-100 and ImageNet datasets.      
### 59.Disparities in Dermatology AI: Assessments Using Diverse Clinical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08006.pdf)
>  More than 3 billion people lack access to care for skin disease. AI diagnostic tools may aid in early skin cancer detection; however most models have not been assessed on images of diverse skin tones or uncommon diseases. To address this, we curated the Diverse Dermatology Images (DDI) dataset - the first publicly available, pathologically confirmed images featuring diverse skin tones. We show that state-of-the-art dermatology AI models perform substantially worse on DDI, with ROC-AUC dropping 29-40 percent compared to the models' original results. We find that dark skin tones and uncommon diseases, which are well represented in the DDI dataset, lead to performance drop-offs. Additionally, we show that state-of-the-art robust training methods cannot correct for these biases without diverse training data. Our findings identify important weaknesses and biases in dermatology AI that need to be addressed to ensure reliable application to diverse patients and across all disease.      
### 60.Solving Inverse Problems in Medical Imaging with Score-Based Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08005.pdf)
>  Reconstructing medical images from partial measurements is an important inverse problem in Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI). Existing solutions based on machine learning typically train a model to directly map measurements to medical images, leveraging a training dataset of paired images and measurements. These measurements are typically synthesized from images using a fixed physical model of the measurement process, which hinders the generalization capability of models to unknown measurement processes. To address this issue, we propose a fully unsupervised technique for inverse problem solving, leveraging the recently introduced score-based generative models. Specifically, we first train a score-based generative model on medical images to capture their prior distribution. Given measurements and a physical model of the measurement process at test time, we introduce a sampling method to reconstruct an image consistent with both the prior and the observed measurements. Our method does not assume a fixed measurement process during training, and can thus be flexibly adapted to different measurement processes at test time. Empirically, we observe comparable or better performance to supervised learning techniques in several medical imaging tasks in CT and MRI, while demonstrating significantly better generalization to unknown measurement processes.      
