# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 18 Nov 2021
### 1.Facial Information Analysis Technology for Gender and Age Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09303.pdf)
>  This is a study on facial information analysis technology for estimating gender and age, and poses are estimated using a transformation relationship matrix between the camera coordinate system and the world coordinate system for estimating the pose of a face image. Gender classification was relatively simple compared to age estimation, and age estimation was made possible using deep learning-based facial recognition technology. A comparative CNN was proposed to calculate the experimental results using the purchased database and the public database, and deep learning-based gender classification and age estimation performed at a significant level and was more robust to environmental changes compared to the existing machine learning techniques.      
### 2.Learning to Align Sequential Actions in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09301.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art methods for self-supervised sequential action alignment rely on deep networks that find correspondences across videos in time. They either learn frame-to-frame mapping across sequences, which does not leverage temporal information, or assume monotonic alignment between each video pair, which ignores variations in the order of actions. As such, these methods are not able to deal with common real-world scenarios that involve background frames or videos that contain non-monotonic sequence of actions. <br>In this paper, we propose an approach to align sequential actions in the wild that involve diverse temporal variations. To this end, we propose an approach to enforce temporal priors on the optimal transport matrix, which leverages temporal consistency, while allowing for variations in the order of actions. Our model accounts for both monotonic and non-monotonic sequences and handles background frames that should not be aligned. We demonstrate that our approach consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art in self-supervised sequential action representation learning on four different benchmark datasets.      
### 3.SeCGAN: Parallel Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks for Face Editing via Semantic Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09298.pdf)
>  Semantically guided conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs) have become a popular approach for face editing in recent years. However, most existing methods introduce semantic masks as direct conditional inputs to the generator and often require the target masks to perform the corresponding translation in the RGB space. We propose SeCGAN, a novel label-guided cGAN for editing face images utilising semantic information without the need to specify target semantic masks. During training, SeCGAN has two branches of generators and discriminators operating in parallel, with one trained to translate RGB images and the other for semantic masks. To bridge the two branches in a mutually beneficial manner, we introduce a semantic consistency loss which constrains both branches to have consistent semantic outputs. Whilst both branches are required during training, the RGB branch is our primary network and the semantic branch is not needed for inference. Our results on CelebA and CelebA-HQ demonstrate that our approach is able to generate facial images with more accurate attributes, outperforming competitive baselines in terms of Target Attribute Recognition Rate whilst maintaining quality metrics such as self-supervised Fréchet Inception Distance and Inception Score.      
### 4.Learning to Compose Visual Relations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09297.pdf)
>  The visual world around us can be described as a structured set of objects and their associated relations. An image of a room may be conjured given only the description of the underlying objects and their associated relations. While there has been significant work on designing deep neural networks which may compose individual objects together, less work has been done on composing the individual relations between objects. A principal difficulty is that while the placement of objects is mutually independent, their relations are entangled and dependent on each other. To circumvent this issue, existing works primarily compose relations by utilizing a holistic encoder, in the form of text or graphs. In this work, we instead propose to represent each relation as an unnormalized density (an energy-based model), enabling us to compose separate relations in a factorized manner. We show that such a factorized decomposition allows the model to both generate and edit scenes that have multiple sets of relations more faithfully. We further show that decomposition enables our model to effectively understand the underlying relational scene structure. Project page at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://composevisualrelations.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Induce, Edit, Retrieve: Language Grounded Multimodal Schema for Instructional Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09276.pdf)
>  Schemata are structured representations of complex tasks that can aid artificial intelligence by allowing models to break down complex tasks into intermediate steps. We propose a novel system that induces schemata from web videos and generalizes them to capture unseen tasks with the goal of improving video retrieval performance. Our system proceeds in three major phases: (1) Given a task with related videos, we construct an initial schema for a task using a joint video-text model to match video segments with text representing steps from wikiHow; (2) We generalize schemata to unseen tasks by leveraging language models to edit the text within existing schemata. Through generalization, we can allow our schemata to cover a more extensive range of tasks with a small amount of learning data; (3) We conduct zero-shot instructional video retrieval with the unseen task names as the queries. Our schema-guided approach outperforms existing methods for video retrieval, and we demonstrate that the schemata induced by our system are better than those generated by other models.      
### 6.DiverGAN: An Efficient and Effective Single-Stage Framework for Diverse Text-to-Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09267.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an efficient and effective single-stage framework (DiverGAN) to generate diverse, plausible and semantically consistent images according to a natural-language description. DiverGAN adopts two novel word-level attention modules, i.e., a channel-attention module (CAM) and a pixel-attention module (PAM), which model the importance of each word in the given sentence while allowing the network to assign larger weights to the significant channels and pixels semantically aligning with the salient words. After that, Conditional Adaptive Instance-Layer Normalization (CAdaILN) is introduced to enable the linguistic cues from the sentence embedding to flexibly manipulate the amount of change in shape and texture, further improving visual-semantic representation and helping stabilize the training. Also, a dual-residual structure is developed to preserve more original visual features while allowing for deeper networks, resulting in faster convergence speed and more vivid details. Furthermore, we propose to plug a fully-connected layer into the pipeline to address the lack-of-diversity problem, since we observe that a dense layer will remarkably enhance the generative capability of the network, balancing the trade-off between a low-dimensional random latent code contributing to variants and modulation modules that use high-dimensional and textual contexts to strength feature maps. Inserting a linear layer after the second residual block achieves the best variety and quality. Both qualitative and quantitative results on benchmark data sets demonstrate the superiority of our DiverGAN for realizing diversity, without harming quality and semantic consistency.      
### 7.Automated Approach for Computer Vision-based Vehicle Movement Classification at Traffic Intersections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09171.pdf)
>  Movement specific vehicle classification and counting at traffic intersections is a crucial component for various traffic management activities. In this context, with recent advancements in computer-vision based techniques, cameras have emerged as a reliable data source for extracting vehicular trajectories from traffic scenes. However, classifying these trajectories by movement type is quite challenging as characteristics of motion trajectories obtained this way vary depending on camera calibrations. Although some existing methods have addressed such classification tasks with decent accuracies, the performance of these methods significantly relied on manual specification of several regions of interest. In this study, we proposed an automated classification method for movement specific classification (such as right-turn, left-turn and through movements) of vision-based vehicle trajectories. Our classification framework identifies different movement patterns observed in a traffic scene using an unsupervised hierarchical clustering technique Thereafter a similarity-based assignment strategy is adopted to assign incoming vehicle trajectories to identified movement groups. A new similarity measure was designed to overcome the inherent shortcomings of vision-based trajectories. Experimental results demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed classification approach and its ability to adapt to different traffic scenarios without any manual intervention.      
### 8.It's About Time: Analog Clock Reading in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09162.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a framework for reading analog clocks in natural images or videos. Specifically, we make the following contributions: First, we create a scalable pipeline for generating synthetic clocks, significantly reducing the requirements for the labour-intensive annotations; Second, we introduce a clock recognition architecture based on spatial transformer networks (STN), which is trained end-to-end for clock alignment and recognition. We show that the model trained on the proposed synthetic dataset generalises towards real clocks with good accuracy, advocating a Sim2Real training regime; Third, to further reduce the gap between simulation and real data, we leverage the special property of time, i.e. uniformity, to generate reliable pseudo-labels on real unlabelled clock videos, and show that training on these videos offers further improvements while still requiring zero manual annotations. Lastly, we introduce three benchmark datasets based on COCO, Open Images, and The Clock movie, totalling 4,472 images with clocks, with full annotations for time, accurate to the minute.      
### 9.Oil and Gas Pipeline Monitoring during COVID-19 Pandemic via Unmanned Aerial Vehicle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09155.pdf)
>  The vast network of oil and gas transmission pipelines requires periodic monitoring for maintenance and hazard inspection to avoid equipment failure and potential accidents. The severe COVID-19 pandemic situation forced the companies to shrink the size of their teams. One risk which is faced on-site is represented by the uncontrolled release of flammable oil and gas. Among many inspection methods, the unmanned aerial vehicle system contains flexibility and stability. Unmanned aerial vehicles can transfer data in real-time, while they are doing their monitoring tasks. The current article focuses on unmanned aerial vehicles equipped with optical sensing and artificial intelligence, especially image recognition with deep learning techniques for pipeline surveillance. Unmanned aerial vehicles can be used for regular patrolling duties to identify and capture images and videos of the area of interest. Places that are hard to reach will be accessed faster, cheaper and with less risk. The current paper is based on the idea of capturing video and images of drone-based inspections, which can discover several potential hazardous problems before they become dangerous. Damage can emerge as a weakening of the cladding on the external pipe insulation. There can also be the case when the thickness of piping through external corrosion can occur. The paper describes a survey completed by experts from the oil and gas industry done for finding the functional and non-functional requirements of the proposed system.      
### 10.Two-Face: Adversarial Audit of Commercial Face Recognition Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09137.pdf)
>  Computer vision applications like automated face detection are used for a variety of purposes ranging from unlocking smart devices to tracking potential persons of interest for surveillance. Audits of these applications have revealed that they tend to be biased against minority groups which result in unfair and concerning societal and political outcomes. Despite multiple studies over time, these biases have not been mitigated completely and have in fact increased for certain tasks like age prediction. While such systems are audited over benchmark datasets, it becomes necessary to evaluate their robustness for adversarial inputs. In this work, we perform an extensive adversarial audit on multiple systems and datasets, making a number of concerning observations - there has been a drop in accuracy for some tasks on CELEBSET dataset since a previous audit. While there still exists a bias in accuracy against individuals from minority groups for multiple datasets, a more worrying observation is that these biases tend to get exorbitantly pronounced with adversarial inputs toward the minority group. We conclude with a discussion on the broader societal impacts in light of these observations and a few suggestions on how to collectively deal with this issue.      
### 11.IntraQ: Learning Synthetic Images with Intra-Class Heterogeneity for Zero-Shot Network Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09136.pdf)
>  Learning to synthesize data has emerged as a promising direction in zero-shot quantization (ZSQ), which represents neural networks by low-bit integer without accessing any of the real data. In this paper, we observe an interesting phenomenon of intra-class heterogeneity in real data and show that existing methods fail to retain this property in their synthetic images, which causes a limited performance increase. To address this issue, we propose a novel zero-shot quantization method referred to as IntraQ. First, we propose a local object reinforcement that locates the target objects at different scales and positions of the synthetic images. Second, we introduce a marginal distance constraint to form class-related features distributed in a coarse area. Lastly, we devise a soft inception loss which injects a soft prior label to prevent the synthetic images from being overfitting to a fixed object. Our IntraQ is demonstrated to well retain the intra-class heterogeneity in the synthetic images and also observed to perform state-of-the-art. For example, compared to the advanced ZSQ, our IntraQ obtains 9.17\% increase of the top-1 accuracy on ImageNet when all layers of MobileNetV1 are quantized to 4-bit. Code is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/viperit/InterQ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Image-based monitoring of bolt loosening through deep-learning-based integrated detection and tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09117.pdf)
>  Structural bolts are critical components used in different structural elements, such as beam-column connections and friction damping devices. The clamping force in structural bolts is highly influenced by the bolt rotation. Much of the existing vision-based research about bolt rotation estimation relies on traditional computer vision algorithms such as Hough Transform to assess static images of bolts. This requires careful image preprocessing, and it may not perform well in the situation of complicated bolt assemblies, or in the presence of surrounding objects and background noise, thus hindering their real-world applications. In this study, an integrated real-time detect-track method, namely RTDT-Bolt, is proposed to monitor the bolt rotation angle. First, a real-time convolutional-neural-networks-based object detector, named YOLOv3-tiny, is established and trained to localize structural bolts. Then, the target-free object tracking algorithm based on optical flow is implemented, to continuously monitor and quantify the rotation of structural bolts. In order to enhance the tracking performance against background noise and potential illumination changes during tracking, the YOLOv3-tiny is integrated with the optical flow tracking algorithm to re-detect the bolts when the tracking gets lost. Extensive parameter studies were conducted to identify optimal tracking performance and examine the potential limitations. The results indicate the RTDT-Bolt method can greatly enhance the tracking performance of bolt rotation, which can achieve over 90% accuracy using the recommended range for the parameters.      
### 13.2nd Place Solution to Facebook AI Image Similarity Challenge Matching Track  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09113.pdf)
>  This paper presents the 2nd place solution to the Facebook AI Image Similarity Challenge : Matching Track on DrivenData. The solution is based on self-supervised learning, and Vision Transformer(ViT). The main breaktrough comes from concatenating query and reference image to form as one image and asking ViT to directly predict from the image if query image used reference image. The solution scored 0.8291 Micro-average Precision on the private leaderboard.      
### 14.Self-Supervised Predictive Convolutional Attentive Block for Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09099.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection is commonly pursued as a one-class classification problem, where models can only learn from normal training samples, while being evaluated on both normal and abnormal test samples. Among the successful approaches for anomaly detection, a distinguished category of methods relies on predicting masked information (e.g. patches, future frames, etc.) and leveraging the reconstruction error with respect to the masked information as an abnormality score. Different from related methods, we propose to integrate the reconstruction-based functionality into a novel self-supervised predictive architectural building block. The proposed self-supervised block is generic and can easily be incorporated into various state-of-the-art anomaly detection methods. Our block starts with a convolutional layer with dilated filters, where the center area of the receptive field is masked. The resulting activation maps are passed through a channel attention module. Our block is equipped with a loss that minimizes the reconstruction error with respect to the masked area in the receptive field. We demonstrate the generality of our block by integrating it into several state-of-the-art frameworks for anomaly detection on image and video, providing empirical evidence that shows considerable performance improvements on MVTec AD, Avenue, and ShanghaiTech.      
### 15.STEEX: Steering Counterfactual Explanations with Semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09094.pdf)
>  As deep learning models are increasingly used in safety-critical applications, explainability and trustworthiness become major concerns. For simple images, such as low-resolution face portraits, synthesizing visual counterfactual explanations has recently been proposed as a way to uncover the decision mechanisms of a trained classification model. In this work, we address the problem of producing counterfactual explanations for high-quality images and complex scenes. Leveraging recent semantic-to-image models, we propose a new generative counterfactual explanation framework that produces plausible and sparse modifications which preserve the overall scene structure. Furthermore, we introduce the concept of "region-targeted counterfactual explanations", and a corresponding framework, where users can guide the generation of counterfactuals by specifying a set of semantic regions of the query image the explanation must be about. Extensive experiments are conducted on challenging datasets including high-quality portraits (CelebAMask-HQ) and driving scenes (BDD100k).      
### 16.Motion Detection using CSI from Raspberry Pi 4  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09091.pdf)
>  Monitoring behaviour in smart homes using sensors can offer insights into changes in the independent ability and long-term health of residents. Passive Infrared motion sensors (PIRs) are standard, however may not accurately track the full duration of movement. They also require line-of-sight to detect motion which can restrict performance and ensures they must be visible to residents. Channel State Information (CSI) is a low cost, unintrusive form of radio sensing which can monitor movement but also offers opportunities to generate rich data. We have developed a novel, self-calibrating motion detection system which uses CSI data collected and processed on a stock Raspberry Pi 4. This system exploits the correlation between CSI frames, on which we perform variance analysis using our algorithm to accurately measure the full period of a resident's movement. We demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach in several real-world environments. Experiments conducted demonstrate that activity start and end time can be accurately detected for motion examples of different intensities at different locations.      
### 17.Improving Person Re-Identification with Temporal Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09056.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce an image-based person re-identification dataset collected across five non-overlapping camera views in the large and busy airport in Dublin, Ireland. Unlike all publicly available image-based datasets, our dataset contains timestamp information in addition to frame number, and camera and person IDs. Also our dataset has been fully anonymized to comply with modern data privacy regulations. We apply state-of-the-art person re-identification models to our dataset and show that by leveraging the available timestamp information we are able to achieve a significant gain of 37.43% in mAP and a gain of 30.22% in Rank1 accuracy. We also propose a Bayesian temporal re-ranking post-processing step, which further adds a 10.03% gain in mAP and 9.95% gain in Rank1 accuracy metrics. This work on combining visual and temporal information is not possible on other image-based person re-identification datasets. We believe that the proposed new dataset will enable further development of person re-identification research for challenging real-world applications. DAA dataset can be downloaded from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://bit.ly/3AtXTd6" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 18.Using Convolutional Neural Networks to Detect Compression Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09034.pdf)
>  Machine learning is penetrating various domains virtually, thereby proliferating excellent results. It has also found an outlet in digital forensics, wherein it is becoming the prime driver of computational efficiency. A prominent feature that exhibits the effectiveness of ML algorithms is feature extraction that can be instrumental in the applications for digital forensics. Convolutional Neural Networks are further used to identify parts of the file. To this end, we observed that the literature does not include sufficient information about the identification of the algorithms used to compress file fragments. With this research, we attempt to address this gap as compression algorithms are beneficial in generating higher entropy comparatively as they make the data more compact. We used a base dataset, compressed every file with various algorithms, and designed a model based on that. The used model was accurately able to identify files compressed using compress, lzip and bzip2.      
### 19.Discriminative Dictionary Learning based on Statistical Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09027.pdf)
>  Sparse Representation (SR) of signals or data has a well founded theory with rigorous mathematical error bounds and proofs. SR of a signal is given by superposition of very few columns of a matrix called Dictionary, implicitly reducing dimensionality. Training dictionaries such that they represent each class of signals with minimal loss is called Dictionary Learning (DL). Dictionary learning methods like Method of Optimal Directions (MOD) and K-SVD have been successfully used in reconstruction based applications in image processing like image "denoising", "inpainting" and others. Other dictionary learning algorithms such as Discriminative K-SVD and Label Consistent K-SVD are supervised learning methods based on K-SVD. In our experience, one of the drawbacks of current methods is that the classification performance is not impressive on datasets like Telugu OCR datasets, with large number of classes and high dimensionality. There is scope for improvement in this direction and many researchers have used statistical methods to design dictionaries for classification. This chapter presents a review of statistical techniques and their application to learning discriminative dictionaries. The objective of the methods described here is to improve classification using sparse representation. In this chapter a hybrid approach is described, where sparse coefficients of input data are generated. We use a simple three layer Multi Layer Perceptron with back-propagation training as a classifier with those sparse codes as input. The results are quite comparable with other computation intensive methods. <br>Keywords: Statistical modeling, Dictionary Learning, Discriminative Dictionary, Sparse representation, Gaussian prior, Cauchy prior, Entropy, Hidden Markov model, Hybrid Dictionary Learning      
### 20.Probabilistic Spatial Distribution Prior Based Attentional Keypoints Matching Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09006.pdf)
>  Keypoints matching is a pivotal component for many image-relevant applications such as image stitching, visual simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM), and so on. Both handcrafted-based and recently emerged deep learning-based keypoints matching methods merely rely on keypoints and local features, while losing sight of other available sensors such as inertial measurement unit (IMU) in the above applications. In this paper, we demonstrate that the motion estimation from IMU integration can be used to exploit the spatial distribution prior of keypoints between images. To this end, a probabilistic perspective of attention formulation is proposed to integrate the spatial distribution prior into the attentional graph neural network naturally. With the assistance of spatial distribution prior, the effort of the network for modeling the hidden features can be reduced. Furthermore, we present a projection loss for the proposed keypoints matching network, which gives a smooth edge between matching and un-matching keypoints. Image matching experiments on visual SLAM datasets indicate the effectiveness and efficiency of the presented method.      
### 21.Nonlinear Intensity Sonar Image Matching based on Deep Convolution Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08994.pdf)
>  In the field of deep-sea exploration, sonar is presently the only efficient long-distance sensing device. The complicated underwater environment, such as noise interference, low target intensity or background dynamics, has brought many negative effects on sonar imaging. Among them, the problem of nonlinear intensity is extremely prevalent. It is also known as the anisotropy of acoustic imaging, that is, when AUVs carry sonar to detect the same target from different angles, the intensity difference between image pairs is sometimes very large, which makes the traditional matching algorithm almost ineffective. However, image matching is the basis of comprehensive tasks such as navigation, positioning, and mapping. Therefore, it is very valuable to obtain robust and accurate matching results. This paper proposes a combined matching method based on phase information and deep convolution features. It has two outstanding advantages: one is that deep convolution features could be used to measure the similarity of the local and global positions of the sonar image; the other is that local feature matching could be performed at the key target position of the sonar image. This method does not need complex manual design, and completes the matching task of nonlinear intensity sonar images in a close end-to-end manner. Feature matching experiments are carried out on the deep-sea sonar images captured by AUVs, and the results show that our proposal has good matching accuracy and robustness.      
### 22.Pedestrian Detection by Exemplar-Guided Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08974.pdf)
>  Typical methods for pedestrian detection focus on either tackling mutual occlusions between crowded pedestrians, or dealing with the various scales of pedestrians. Detecting pedestrians with substantial appearance diversities such as different pedestrian silhouettes, different viewpoints or different dressing, remains a crucial challenge. Instead of learning each of these diverse pedestrian appearance features individually as most existing methods do, we propose to perform contrastive learning to guide the feature learning in such a way that the semantic distance between pedestrians with different appearances in the learned feature space is minimized to eliminate the appearance diversities, whilst the distance between pedestrians and background is maximized. To facilitate the efficiency and effectiveness of contrastive learning, we construct an exemplar dictionary with representative pedestrian appearances as prior knowledge to construct effective contrastive training pairs and thus guide contrastive learning. Besides, the constructed exemplar dictionary is further leveraged to evaluate the quality of pedestrian proposals during inference by measuring the semantic distance between the proposal and the exemplar dictionary. Extensive experiments on both daytime and nighttime pedestrian detection validate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 23.Generating Unrestricted 3D Adversarial Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08973.pdf)
>  Utilizing 3D point cloud data has become an urgent need for the deployment of artificial intelligence in many areas like facial recognition and self-driving. However, deep learning for 3D point clouds is still vulnerable to adversarial attacks, e.g., iterative attacks, point transformation attacks, and generative attacks. These attacks need to restrict perturbations of adversarial examples within a strict bound, leading to the unrealistic adversarial 3D point clouds. In this paper, we propose an Adversarial Graph-Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network (AdvGCGAN) to generate visually realistic adversarial 3D point clouds from scratch. Specifically, we use a graph convolutional generator and a discriminator with an auxiliary classifier to generate realistic point clouds, which learn the latent distribution from the real 3D data. The unrestricted adversarial attack loss is incorporated in the special adversarial training of GAN, which enables the generator to generate the adversarial examples to spoof the target network. Compared with the existing state-of-art attack methods, the experiment results demonstrate the effectiveness of our unrestricted adversarial attack methods with a higher attack success rate and visual quality. Additionally, the proposed AdvGCGAN can achieve better performance against defense models and better transferability than existing attack methods with strong camouflage.      
### 24.Compositional Transformers for Scene Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08960.pdf)
>  We introduce the GANformer2 model, an iterative object-oriented transformer, explored for the task of generative modeling. The network incorporates strong and explicit structural priors, to reflect the compositional nature of visual scenes, and synthesizes images through a sequential process. It operates in two stages: a fast and lightweight planning phase, where we draft a high-level scene layout, followed by an attention-based execution phase, where the layout is being refined, evolving into a rich and detailed picture. Our model moves away from conventional black-box GAN architectures that feature a flat and monolithic latent space towards a transparent design that encourages efficiency, controllability and interpretability. We demonstrate GANformer2's strengths and qualities through a careful evaluation over a range of datasets, from multi-object CLEVR scenes to the challenging COCO images, showing it successfully achieves state-of-the-art performance in terms of visual quality, diversity and consistency. Further experiments demonstrate the model's disentanglement and provide a deeper insight into its generative process, as it proceeds step-by-step from a rough initial sketch, to a detailed layout that accounts for objects' depths and dependencies, and up to the final high-resolution depiction of vibrant and intricate real-world scenes. See <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dorarad/gansformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for model implementation.      
### 25.TraSw: Tracklet-Switch Adversarial Attacks against Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08954.pdf)
>  Benefiting from the development of Deep Neural Networks, Multi-Object Tracking (MOT) has achieved aggressive progress. Currently, the real-time Joint-Detection-Tracking (JDT) based MOT trackers gain increasing attention and derive many excellent models. However, the robustness of JDT trackers is rarely studied, and it is challenging to attack the MOT system since its mature association algorithms are designed to be robust against errors during tracking. In this work, we analyze the weakness of JDT trackers and propose a novel adversarial attack method, called Tracklet-Switch (TraSw), against the complete tracking pipeline of MOT. Specifically, a push-pull loss and a center leaping optimization are designed to generate adversarial examples for both re-ID feature and object detection. TraSw can fool the tracker to fail to track the targets in the subsequent frames by attacking very few frames. We evaluate our method on the advanced deep trackers (i.e., FairMOT, JDE, ByteTrack) using the MOT-Challenge datasets (i.e., 2DMOT15, MOT17, and MOT20). Experiments show that TraSw can achieve a high success rate of over 95% by attacking only five frames on average for the single-target attack and a reasonably high success rate of over 80% for the multiple-target attack. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DerryHub/FairMOT-attack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 26.Protection of SVM Model with Secret Key from Unauthorized Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08927.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a block-wise image transformation method with a secret key for support vector machine (SVM) models. Models trained by using transformed images offer a poor performance to unauthorized users without a key, while they can offer a high performance to authorized users with a key. The proposed method is demonstrated to be robust enough against unauthorized access even under the use of kernel functions in a facial recognition experiment.      
### 27.EMScore: Evaluating Video Captioning via Coarse-Grained and Fine-Grained Embedding Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08919.pdf)
>  Current metrics for video captioning are mostly based on the text-level comparison between reference and candidate captions. However, they have some insuperable drawbacks, e.g., they cannot handle videos without references, and they may result in biased evaluation due to the one-to-many nature of video-to-text and the neglect of visual relevance. From the human evaluator's viewpoint, a high-quality caption should be consistent with the provided video, but not necessarily be similar to the reference in literal or semantics. Inspired by human evaluation, we propose EMScore (Embedding Matching-based score), a novel reference-free metric for video captioning, which directly measures similarity between video and candidate captions. Benefit from the recent development of large-scale pre-training models, we exploit a well pre-trained vision-language model to extract visual and linguistic embeddings for computing EMScore. Specifically, EMScore combines matching scores of both coarse-grained (video and caption) and fine-grained (frames and words) levels, which takes the overall understanding and detailed characteristics of the video into account. Furthermore, considering the potential information gain, EMScore can be flexibly extended to the conditions where human-labeled references are available. Last but not least, we collect VATEX-EVAL and ActivityNet-FOIl datasets to systematically evaluate the existing metrics. VATEX-EVAL experiments demonstrate that EMScore has higher human correlation and lower reference dependency. ActivityNet-FOIL experiment verifies that EMScore can effectively identify "hallucinating" captions. The datasets will be released to facilitate the development of video captioning metrics. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShiYaya/emscore" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Local Texture Estimator for Implicit Representation Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08918.pdf)
>  Recent works with an implicit neural function shed light on representing images in arbitrary resolution. However, a standalone multi-layer perceptron (MLP) shows limited performance in learning high-frequency components. In this paper, we propose a Local Texture Estimator (LTE), a dominant-frequency estimator for natural images, enabling an implicit function to capture fine details while reconstructing images in a continuous manner. When jointly trained with a deep super-resolution (SR) architecture, LTE is capable of characterizing image textures in 2D Fourier space. We show that an LTE-based neural function outperforms existing deep SR methods within an arbitrary-scale for all datasets and all scale factors. Furthermore, we demonstrate that our implementation takes the shortest running time compared to previous works. Source code will be open.      
### 29.Long-Tailed Multi-Label Retinal Diseases Recognition Using Hierarchical Information and Hybrid Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08913.pdf)
>  In the real world, medical datasets often exhibit a long-tailed data distribution (i.e., a few classes occupy most of the data, while most classes have rarely few samples), which results in a challenging imbalance learning scenario. For example, there are estimated more than 40 different kinds of retinal diseases with variable morbidity, however with more than 30+ conditions are very rare from the global patient cohorts, which results in a typical long-tailed learning problem for deep learning-based screening models. Moreover, there may exist more than one kind of disease on the retina, which results in a multi-label scenario and bring label co-occurrence issue for re-sampling strategy. In this work, we propose a novel framework that leverages the prior knowledge in retinal diseases for training a more robust representation of the model under a hierarchy-sensible constraint. Then, an instance-wise class-balanced sampling strategy and hybrid knowledge distillation manner are firstly introduced to learn from the long-tailed multi-label distribution. Our experiments training on the retinal dataset of more than one million samples demonstrate the superiority of our proposed methods which outperform all competitors and significantly improve the recognition accuracy of most diseases especially those rare diseases.      
### 30.ARKitScenes -- A Diverse Real-World Dataset For 3D Indoor Scene Understanding Using Mobile RGB-D Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08897.pdf)
>  Scene understanding is an active research area. Commercial depth sensors, such as Kinect, have enabled the release of several RGB-D datasets over the past few years which spawned novel methods in 3D scene understanding. More recently with the launch of the LiDAR sensor in Apple's iPads and iPhones, high quality RGB-D data is accessible to millions of people on a device they commonly use. This opens a whole new era in scene understanding for the Computer Vision community as well as app developers. The fundamental research in scene understanding together with the advances in machine learning can now impact people's everyday experiences. However, transforming these scene understanding methods to real-world experiences requires additional innovation and development. In this paper we introduce ARKitScenes. It is not only the first RGB-D dataset that is captured with a now widely available depth sensor, but to our best knowledge, it also is the largest indoor scene understanding data released. In addition to the raw and processed data from the mobile device, ARKitScenes includes high resolution depth maps captured using a stationary laser scanner, as well as manually labeled 3D oriented bounding boxes for a large taxonomy of furniture. We further analyze the usefulness of the data for two downstream tasks: 3D object detection and color-guided depth upsampling. We demonstrate that our dataset can help push the boundaries of existing state-of-the-art methods and it introduces new challenges that better represent real-world scenarios.      
### 31.SAPNet: Segmentation-Aware Progressive Network for Perceptual Contrastive Deraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08892.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms have recently achieved promising deraining performances on both the natural and synthetic rainy datasets. As an essential low-level pre-processing stage, a deraining network should clear the rain streaks and preserve the fine semantic details. However, most existing methods only consider low-level image restoration. That limits their performances at high-level tasks requiring precise semantic information. To address this issue, in this paper, we present a segmentation-aware progressive network (SAPNet) based upon contrastive learning for single image deraining. We start our method with a lightweight derain network formed with progressive dilated units (PDU). The PDU can significantly expand the receptive field and characterize multi-scale rain streaks without the heavy computation on multi-scale images. A fundamental aspect of this work is an unsupervised background segmentation (UBS) network initialized with ImageNet and Gaussian weights. The UBS can faithfully preserve an image's semantic information and improve the generalization ability to unseen photos. Furthermore, we introduce a perceptual contrastive loss (PCL) and a learned perceptual image similarity loss (LPISL) to regulate model learning. By exploiting the rainy image and groundtruth as the negative and the positive sample in the VGG-16 latent space, we bridge the fine semantic details between the derained image and the groundtruth in a fully constrained manner. Comprehensive experiments on synthetic and real-world rainy images show our model surpasses top-performing methods and aids object detection and semantic segmentation with considerable efficacy. A Pytorch Implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShenZheng2000/SAPNet-for-image-deraining" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.TorchGeo: deep learning with geospatial data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08872.pdf)
>  Remotely sensed geospatial data are critical for applications including precision agriculture, urban planning, disaster monitoring and response, and climate change research, among others. Deep learning methods are particularly promising for modeling many remote sensing tasks given the success of deep neural networks in similar computer vision tasks and the sheer volume of remotely sensed imagery available. However, the variance in data collection methods and handling of geospatial metadata make the application of deep learning methodology to remotely sensed data nontrivial. For example, satellite imagery often includes additional spectral bands beyond red, green, and blue and must be joined to other geospatial data sources that can have differing coordinate systems, bounds, and resolutions. To help realize the potential of deep learning for remote sensing applications, we introduce TorchGeo, a Python library for integrating geospatial data into the PyTorch deep learning ecosystem. TorchGeo provides data loaders for a variety of benchmark datasets, composable datasets for generic geospatial data sources, samplers for geospatial data, and transforms that work with multispectral imagery. TorchGeo is also the first library to provide pre-trained models for multispectral satellite imagery (e.g. models that use all bands from the Sentinel 2 satellites), allowing for advances in transfer learning on downstream remote sensing tasks with limited labeled data. We use TorchGeo to create reproducible benchmark results on existing datasets and benchmark our proposed method for preprocessing geospatial imagery on-the-fly. TorchGeo is open-source and available on GitHub: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/torchgeo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Enhanced Correlation Matching based Video Frame Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08869.pdf)
>  We propose a novel DNN based framework called the Enhanced Correlation Matching based Video Frame Interpolation Network to support high resolution like 4K, which has a large scale of motion and occlusion. Considering the extensibility of the network model according to resolution, the proposed scheme employs the recurrent pyramid architecture that shares the parameters among each pyramid layer for optical flow estimation. In the proposed flow estimation, the optical flows are recursively refined by tracing the location with maximum correlation. The forward warping based correlation matching enables to improve the accuracy of flow update by excluding incorrectly warped features around the occlusion area. Based on the final bi-directional flows, the intermediate frame at arbitrary temporal position is synthesized using the warping and blending network and it is further improved by refinement network. Experiment results demonstrate that the proposed scheme outperforms the previous works at 4K video data and low-resolution benchmark datasets as well in terms of objective and subjective quality with the smallest number of model parameters.      
### 34.TYolov5: A Temporal Yolov5 Detector Based on Quasi-Recurrent Neural Networks for Real-Time Handgun Detection in Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08867.pdf)
>  Timely handgun detection is a crucial problem to improve public safety; nevertheless, the effectiveness of many surveillance systems still depends of finite human attention. Much of the previous research on handgun detection is based on static image detectors, leaving aside valuable temporal information that could be used to improve object detection in videos. To improve the performance of surveillance systems, a real-time temporal handgun detection system should be built. Using Temporal Yolov5, an architecture based on Quasi-Recurrent Neural Networks, temporal information is extracted from video to improve the results of handgun detection. Moreover, two publicly available datasets are proposed, labeled with hands, guns, and phones. One containing 2199 static images to train static detectors, and another with 5960 frames of videos to train temporal modules. Additionally, we explore two temporal data augmentation techniques based on Mosaic and Mixup. The resulting systems are three temporal architectures: one focused in reducing inference with a mAP$_{50:95}$ of 55.9, another in having a good balance between inference and accuracy with a mAP$_{50:95}$ of 59, and a last one specialized in accuracy with a mAP$_{50:95}$ of 60.2. Temporal Yolov5 achieves real-time detection in the small and medium architectures. Moreover, it takes advantage of temporal features contained in videos to perform better than Yolov5 in our temporal dataset, making TYolov5 suitable for real-world applications. The source code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MarioDuran/TYolov5" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.HARA: A Hierarchical Approach for Robust Rotation Averaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08831.pdf)
>  We propose a novel hierarchical approach for multiple rotation averaging, dubbed HARA. Our method incrementally initializes the rotation graph based on a hierarchy of triplet support. The key idea is to build a spanning tree by prioritizing the edges with many strong triplet supports and gradually adding those with weaker and fewer supports. This reduces the risk of adding outliers in the spanning tree. As a result, we obtain a robust initial solution that enables us to filter outliers prior to nonlinear optimization. With minimal modification, our approach can also integrate the knowledge of the number of valid 2D-2D correspondences. We perform extensive evaluations on both synthetic and real datasets, demonstrating state-of-the-art results.      
### 36.A Benchmark for Modeling Violation-of-Expectation in Physical Reasoning Across Event Categories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08826.pdf)
>  Recent work in computer vision and cognitive reasoning has given rise to an increasing adoption of the Violation-of-Expectation (VoE) paradigm in synthetic datasets. Inspired by infant psychology, researchers are now evaluating a model's ability to label scenes as either expected or surprising with knowledge of only expected scenes. However, existing VoE-based 3D datasets in physical reasoning provide mainly vision data with little to no heuristics or inductive biases. Cognitive models of physical reasoning reveal infants create high-level abstract representations of objects and interactions. Capitalizing on this knowledge, we established a benchmark to study physical reasoning by curating a novel large-scale synthetic 3D VoE dataset armed with ground-truth heuristic labels of causally relevant features and rules. To validate our dataset in five event categories of physical reasoning, we benchmarked and analyzed human performance. We also proposed the Object File Physical Reasoning Network (OFPR-Net) which exploits the dataset's novel heuristics to outperform our baseline and ablation models. The OFPR-Net is also flexible in learning an alternate physical reality, showcasing its ability to learn universal causal relationships in physical reasoning to create systems with better interpretability.      
### 37.DeltaConv: Anisotropic Point Cloud Learning with Exterior Calculus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08799.pdf)
>  Learning from 3D point-cloud data has rapidly gained momentum, motivated by the success of deep learning on images and the increased availability of 3D data. In this paper, we aim to construct anisotropic convolutions that work directly on the surface derived from a point cloud. This is challenging because of the lack of a global coordinate system for tangential directions on surfaces. We introduce a new convolution operator called DeltaConv, which combines geometric operators from exterior calculus to enable the construction of anisotropic filters on point clouds. Because these operators are defined on scalar- and vector-fields, we separate the network into a scalar- and a vector-stream, which are connected by the operators. The vector stream enables the network to explicitly represent, evaluate, and process directional information. Our convolutions are robust and simple to implement and show improved accuracy compared to state-of-the-art approaches on several benchmarks, while also speeding up training and inference.      
### 38.Detecting AutoAttack Perturbations in the Frequency Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08785.pdf)
>  Recently, adversarial attacks on image classification networks by the AutoAttack (Croce and Hein, 2020b) framework have drawn a lot of attention. While AutoAttack has shown a very high attack success rate, most defense approaches are focusing on network hardening and robustness enhancements, like adversarial training. This way, the currently best-reported method can withstand about 66% of adversarial examples on CIFAR10. In this paper, we investigate the spatial and frequency domain properties of AutoAttack and propose an alternative defense. Instead of hardening a network, we detect adversarial attacks during inference, rejecting manipulated inputs. Based on a rather simple and fast analysis in the frequency domain, we introduce two different detection algorithms. First, a black box detector that only operates on the input images and achieves a detection accuracy of 100% on the AutoAttack CIFAR10 benchmark and 99.3% on ImageNet, for epsilon = 8/255 in both cases. Second, a whitebox detector using an analysis of CNN feature maps, leading to a detection rate of also 100% and 98.7% on the same benchmarks.      
### 39.Film Trailer Generation via Task Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08774.pdf)
>  Movie trailers perform multiple functions: they introduce viewers to the story, convey the mood and artistic style of the film, and encourage audiences to see the movie. These diverse functions make automatic trailer generation a challenging endeavor. We decompose it into two subtasks: narrative structure identification and sentiment prediction. We model movies as graphs, where nodes are shots and edges denote semantic relations between them. We learn these relations using joint contrastive training which leverages privileged textual information (e.g., characters, actions, situations) from screenplays. An unsupervised algorithm then traverses the graph and generates trailers that human judges prefer to ones generated by competitive supervised approaches.      
### 40.Computer Vision for Supporting Image Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08772.pdf)
>  Computer vision and multimedia information processing have made extreme progress within the last decade and many tasks can be done with a level of accuracy as if done by humans, or better. This is because we leverage the benefits of huge amounts of data available for training, we have enormous computer processing available and we have seen the evolution of machine learning as a suite of techniques to process data and deliver accurate vision-based systems. What kind of applications do we use this processing for ? We use this in autonomous vehicle navigation or in security applications, searching CCTV for example, and in medical image analysis for healthcare diagnostics. One application which is not widespread is image or video search directly by users. In this paper we present the need for such image finding or re-finding by examining human memory and when it fails, thus motivating the need for a different approach to image search which is outlined, along with the requirements of computer vision to support it.      
### 41.Learning Scene Dynamics from Point Cloud Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08755.pdf)
>  Understanding 3D scenes is a critical prerequisite for autonomous agents. Recently, LiDAR and other sensors have made large amounts of data available in the form of temporal sequences of point cloud frames. In this work, we propose a novel problem -- sequential scene flow estimation (SSFE) -- that aims to predict 3D scene flow for all pairs of point clouds in a given sequence. This is unlike the previously studied problem of scene flow estimation which focuses on two frames. <br>We introduce the SPCM-Net architecture, which solves this problem by computing multi-scale spatiotemporal correlations between neighboring point clouds and then aggregating the correlation across time with an order-invariant recurrent unit. Our experimental evaluation confirms that recurrent processing of point cloud sequences results in significantly better SSFE compared to using only two frames. Additionally, we demonstrate that this approach can be effectively modified for sequential point cloud forecasting (SPF), a related problem that demands forecasting future point cloud frames. <br>Our experimental results are evaluated using a new benchmark for both SSFE and SPF consisting of synthetic and real datasets. Previously, datasets for scene flow estimation have been limited to two frames. We provide non-trivial extensions to these datasets for multi-frame estimation and prediction. Due to the difficulty of obtaining ground truth motion for real-world datasets, we use self-supervised training and evaluation metrics. We believe that this benchmark will be pivotal to future research in this area. All code for benchmark and models will be made accessible.      
### 42.Synthesis-Guided Feature Learning for Cross-Spectral Periocular Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08738.pdf)
>  A common yet challenging scenario in periocular biometrics is cross-spectral matching - in particular, the matching of visible wavelength against near-infrared (NIR) periocular images. We propose a novel approach to cross-spectral periocular verification that primarily focuses on learning a mapping from visible and NIR periocular images to a shared latent representational subspace, and supports this effort by simultaneously learning intra-spectral image reconstruction. We show the auxiliary image reconstruction task (and in particular the reconstruction of high-level, semantic features) results in learning a more discriminative, domain-invariant subspace compared to the baseline while incurring no additional computational or memory costs at test-time. The proposed Coupled Conditional Generative Adversarial Network (CoGAN) architecture uses paired generator networks (one operating on visible images and the other on NIR) composed of U-Nets with ResNet-18 encoders trained for feature learning via contrastive loss and for intra-spectral image reconstruction with adversarial, pixel-based, and perceptual reconstruction losses. Moreover, the proposed CoGAN model beats the current state-of-art (SotA) in cross-spectral periocular recognition. On the Hong Kong PolyU benchmark dataset, we achieve 98.65% AUC and 5.14% EER compared to the SotA EER of 8.02%. On the Cross-Eyed dataset, we achieve 99.31% AUC and 3.99% EER versus SotA EER of 4.39%.      
### 43.Quality Measures in Biometric Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08704.pdf)
>  Biometric technology has been increasingly deployed in the past decade, offering greater security and convenience than traditional methods of personal recognition. Although biometric signals' quality heavily affects a biometric system's performance, prior research on evaluating quality is limited. Quality is a critical issue in security, especially in adverse scenarios involving surveillance cameras, forensics, portable devices, or remote access through the Internet. This article analyzes what factors negatively impact biometric quality, how to overcome them, and how to incorporate quality measures into biometric systems. A review of the state of the art in these matters gives an overall framework for the challenges of biometric quality.      
### 44.Benchmarking Quality-Dependent and Cost-Sensitive Score-Level Multimodal Biometric Fusion Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08703.pdf)
>  Automatically verifying the identity of a person by means of biometrics is an important application in day-to-day activities such as accessing banking services and security control in airports. To increase the system reliability, several biometric devices are often used. Such a combined system is known as a multimodal biometric system. This paper reports a benchmarking study carried out within the framework of the BioSecure DS2 (Access Control) evaluation campaign organized by the University of Surrey, involving face, fingerprint, and iris biometrics for person authentication, targeting the application of physical access control in a medium-size establishment with some 500 persons. While multimodal biometrics is a well-investigated subject, there exists no benchmark for a fusion algorithm comparison. Working towards this goal, we designed two sets of experiments: quality-dependent and cost-sensitive evaluation. The quality-dependent evaluation aims at assessing how well fusion algorithms can perform under changing quality of raw images principally due to change of devices. The cost-sensitive evaluation, on the other hand, investigates how well a fusion algorithm can perform given restricted computation and in the presence of software and hardware failures, resulting in errors such as failure-to-acquire and failure-to-match. Since multiple capturing devices are available, a fusion algorithm should be able to handle this nonideal but nevertheless realistic scenario. In both evaluations, each fusion algorithm is provided with scores from each biometric comparison subsystem as well as the quality measures of both template and query data. The response to the call of the campaign proved very encouraging, with the submission of 22 fusion systems. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to benchmark quality-based multimodal fusion algorithms.      
### 45.The Multiscenario Multienvironment BioSecure Multimodal Database (BMDB)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08702.pdf)
>  A new multimodal biometric database designed and acquired within the framework of the European BioSecure Network of Excellence is presented. It is comprised of more than 600 individuals acquired simultaneously in three scenarios: 1) over the Internet, 2) in an office environment with desktop PC, and 3) in indoor/outdoor environments with mobile portable hardware. The three scenarios include a common part of audio/video data. Also, signature and fingerprint data have been acquired both with desktop PC and mobile portable hardware. Additionally, hand and iris data were acquired in the second scenario using desktop PC. Acquisition has been conducted by 11 European institutions. Additional features of the BioSecure Multimodal Database (BMDB) are: two acquisition sessions, several sensors in certain modalities, balanced gender and age distributions, multimodal realistic scenarios with simple and quick tasks per modality, cross-European diversity, availability of demographic data, and compatibility with other multimodal databases. The novel acquisition conditions of the BMDB allow us to perform new challenging research and evaluation of either monomodal or multimodal biometric systems, as in the recent BioSecure Multimodal Evaluation campaign. A description of this campaign including baseline results of individual modalities from the new database is also given. The database is expected to be available for research purposes through the BioSecure Association during 2008      
### 46.Segmentation of Lung Tumor from CT Images using Deep Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09262.pdf)
>  Lung cancer is a leading cause of death in most countries of the world. Since prompt diagnosis of tumors can allow oncologists to discern their nature, type and the mode of treatment, tumor detection and segmentation from CT Scan images is a crucial field of study worldwide. This paper approaches lung tumor segmentation by applying two-dimensional discrete wavelet transform (DWT) on the LOTUS dataset for more meticulous texture analysis whilst integrating information from neighboring CT slices before feeding them to a Deeply Supervised MultiResUNet model. Variations in learning rates, decay and optimization algorithms while training the network have led to different dice co-efficients, the detailed statistics of which have been included in this paper. We also discuss the challenges in this dataset and how we opted to overcome them. In essence, this study aims to maximize the success rate of predicting tumor regions from two dimensional CT Scan slices by experimenting with a number of adequate networks, resulting in a dice co-efficient of 0.8472.      
### 47.Single-pass Object-adaptive Data Undersampling and Reconstruction for MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09212.pdf)
>  There is much recent interest in techniques to accelerate the data acquisition process in MRI by acquiring limited measurements. Often sophisticated reconstruction algorithms are deployed to maintain high image quality in such settings. In this work, we propose a data-driven sampler using a convolutional neural network, MNet, to provide object-specific sampling patterns adaptive to each scanned object. The network observes very limited low-frequency k-space data for each object and rapidly predicts the desired undersampling pattern in one go that achieves high image reconstruction quality. <br>We propose an accompanying alternating-type training framework with a mask-backward procedure that efficiently generates training labels for the sampler network and jointly trains an image reconstruction network. Experimental results on the fastMRI knee dataset demonstrate the ability of the proposed learned undersampling network to generate object-specific masks at fourfold and eightfold acceleration that achieve superior image reconstruction performance than several existing schemes. The source code for the proposed joint sampling and reconstruction learning framework is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhishenhuang/mri" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Tiny Obstacle Discovery by Occlusion-Aware Multilayer Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09204.pdf)
>  Edges are the fundamental visual element for discovering tiny obstacles using a monocular camera. Nevertheless, tiny obstacles often have weak and inconsistent edge cues due to various properties such as small size and similar appearance to the free space, making it hard to capture them. ...      
### 49.End-to-end optimized image compression with competition of prior distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09172.pdf)
>  Convolutional autoencoders are now at the forefront of image compression research. To improve their entropy coding, encoder output is typically analyzed with a second autoencoder to generate per-variable parametrized prior probability distributions. We instead propose a compression scheme that uses a single convolutional autoencoder and multiple learned prior distributions working as a competition of experts. Trained prior distributions are stored in a static table of cumulative distribution functions. During inference, this table is used by an entropy coder as a look-up-table to determine the best prior for each spatial location. Our method offers rate-distortion performance comparable to that obtained with a predicted parametrized prior with only a fraction of its entropy coding and decoding complexity.      
### 50.Identifying the Factors that Influence Urban Public Transit Demand  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09126.pdf)
>  The rise in urbanization throughout the United States (US) in recent years has required urban planners and transportation engineers to have greater consideration for the transportation services available to residents of a metropolitan region. This compels transportation authorities to provide better and more reliable modes of public transit through improved technologies and increased service quality. These improvements can be achieved by identifying and understanding the factors that influence urban public transit demand. Common factors that can influence urban public transit demand can be internal and/or external factors. Internal factors include policy measures such as transit fares, service headways, and travel times. External factors can include geographic, socioeconomic, and highway facility characteristics. There is inherent simultaneity between transit supply and demand, thus a two-stage least squares (2SLS) regression modeling procedure should be conducted to forecast urban transit supply and demand. As such, two multiple linear regression models should be developed: one to predict transit supply and a second to predict transit demand. It was found that service area density, total average cost per trip, and the average number of vehicles operated in maximum service can be used to forecast transit supply, expressed as vehicle revenue hours. Furthermore, estimated vehicle revenue hours and total average fares per trip can be used to forecast transit demand, expressed as unlinked passenger trips. Additional data such as socioeconomic information of the surrounding areas for each transit agency and travel time information of the various transit systems would be useful to improve upon the models developed.      
### 51.The Neural Correlates of Image Texture in the Human Vision Using Magnetoencephalography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09118.pdf)
>  Undoubtedly, textural property of an image is one of the most important features in object recognition task in both human and computer vision applications. Here, we investigated the neural signatures of four well-known statistical texture features including contrast, homogeneity, energy, and correlation computed from the gray level co-occurrence matrix (GLCM) of the images viewed by the participants in the process of magnetoencephalography (MEG) data collection. To trace these features in the human visual system, we used multivariate pattern analysis (MVPA) and trained a linear support vector machine (SVM) classifier on every timepoint of MEG data representing the brain activity and compared it with the textural descriptors of images using the Spearman correlation. The result of this study demonstrates that hierarchical structure in the processing of these four texture descriptors in the human brain with the order of contrast, homogeneity, energy, and correlation. Additionally, we found that energy, which carries broad texture property of the images, shows a more sustained statistically meaningful correlation with the brain activity in the course of time.      
### 52.Cryo-shift: Reducing domain shift in cryo-electron subtomograms with unsupervised domain adaptation and randomization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09114.pdf)
>  Cryo-Electron Tomography (cryo-ET) is a 3D imaging technology that enables the visualization of subcellular structures in situ at near-atomic resolution. Cellular cryo-ET images help in resolving the structures of macromolecules and determining their spatial relationship in a single cell, which has broad significance in cell and structural biology. Subtomogram classification and recognition constitute a primary step in the systematic recovery of these macromolecular structures. Supervised deep learning methods have been proven to be highly accurate and efficient for subtomogram classification, but suffer from limited applicability due to scarcity of annotated data. While generating simulated data for training supervised models is a potential solution, a sizeable difference in the image intensity distribution in generated data as compared to real experimental data will cause the trained models to perform poorly in predicting classes on real subtomograms. In this work, we present Cryo-Shift, a fully unsupervised domain adaptation and randomization framework for deep learning-based cross-domain subtomogram classification. We use unsupervised multi-adversarial domain adaption to reduce the domain shift between features of simulated and experimental data. We develop a network-driven domain randomization procedure with `warp' modules to alter the simulated data and help the classifier generalize better on experimental data. We do not use any labeled experimental data to train our model, whereas some of the existing alternative approaches require labeled experimental samples for cross-domain classification. Nevertheless, Cryo-Shift outperforms the existing alternative approaches in cross-domain subtomogram classification in extensive evaluation studies demonstrated herein using both simulated and experimental data.      
### 53.Fast and Light-Weight Network for Single Frame Structured Illumination Microscopy Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09103.pdf)
>  Structured illumination microscopy (SIM) is an important super-resolution based microscopy technique that breaks the diffraction limit and enhances optical microscopy systems. With the development of biology and medical engineering, there is a high demand for real-time and robust SIM imaging under extreme low light and short exposure environments. Existing SIM techniques typically require multiple structured illumination frames to produce a high-resolution image. In this paper, we propose a single-frame structured illumination microscopy (SF-SIM) based on deep learning. Our SF-SIM only needs one shot of a structured illumination frame and generates similar results compared with the traditional SIM systems that typically require 15 shots. In our SF-SIM, we propose a noise estimator which can effectively suppress the noise in the image and enable our method to work under the low light and short exposure environment, without the need for stacking multiple frames for non-local denoising. We also design a bandpass attention module that makes our deep network more sensitive to the change of frequency and enhances the imaging quality. Our proposed SF-SIM is almost 14 times faster than traditional SIM methods when achieving similar results. Therefore, our method is significantly valuable for the development of microbiology and medicine.      
### 54.Do Not Trust Prediction Scores for Membership Inference Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09076.pdf)
>  Membership inference attacks (MIAs) aim to determine whether a specific sample was used to train a predictive model. Knowing this may indeed lead to a privacy breach. Arguably, most MIAs, however, make use of the model's prediction scores - the probability of each output given some input - following the intuition that the trained model tends to behave differently on its training data. We argue that this is a fallacy for many modern deep network architectures, e.g., ReLU type neural networks produce almost always high prediction scores far away from the training data. Consequently, MIAs will miserably fail since this behavior leads to high false-positive rates not only on known domains but also on out-of-distribution data and implicitly acts as a defense against MIAs. Specifically, using generative adversarial networks, we are able to produce a potentially infinite number of samples falsely classified as part of the training data. In other words, the threat of MIAs is overestimated and less information is leaked than previously assumed. Moreover, there is actually a trade-off between the overconfidence of classifiers and their susceptibility to MIAs: the more classifiers know when they do not know, making low confidence predictions far away from the training data, the more they reveal the training data.      
### 55.Trustworthy Long-Tailed Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09030.pdf)
>  Classification on long-tailed distributed data is a challenging problem, which suffers from serious class-imbalance and accordingly unpromising performance especially on tail classes. Recently, the ensembling based methods achieve the state-of-the-art performance and show great potential. However, there are two limitations for current methods. First, their predictions are not trustworthy for failure-sensitive applications. This is especially harmful for the tail classes where the wrong predictions is basically frequent. Second, they assign unified numbers of experts to all samples, which is redundant for easy samples with excessive computational cost. To address these issues, we propose a Trustworthy Long-tailed Classification (TLC) method to jointly conduct classification and uncertainty estimation to identify hard samples in a multi-expert framework. Our TLC obtains the evidence-based uncertainty (EvU) and evidence for each expert, and then combines these uncertainties and evidences under the Dempster-Shafer Evidence Theory (DST). Moreover, we propose a dynamic expert engagement to reduce the number of engaged experts for easy samples and achieve efficiency while maintaining promising performances. Finally, we conduct comprehensive experiments on the tasks of classification, tail detection, OOD detection and failure prediction. The experimental results show that the proposed TLC outperforms the state-of-the-art methods and is trustworthy with reliable uncertainty.      
### 56.Image Super-Resolution Using T-Tetromino Pixels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09013.pdf)
>  For modern high-resolution imaging sensors, pixel binning is performed in low-lighting conditions and in case high frame rates are required. To recover the original spatial resolution, single-image super-resolution techniques can be applied for upscaling. To achieve a higher image quality after upscaling, we propose a novel binning concept using tetromino-shaped pixels. In doing so, we investigate the reconstruction quality using tetromino pixels for the first time in literature. Instead of using different types of tetrominoes as proposed in the literature for a sensor layout, we show that using a small repeating cell consisting of only four T-tetrominoes is sufficient. For reconstruction, we use a locally fully connected reconstruction (LFCR) network as well as two classical reconstruction methods from the field of compressed sensing. Using the LFCR network in combination with the proposed tetromino layout, we achieve superior image quality in terms of PSNR, SSIM, and visually compared to conventional single-image super-resolution using the very deep super-resolution (VDSR) network. For the PSNR, a gain of up to +1.92 dB is achieved.      
### 57.Transparent Human Evaluation for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08940.pdf)
>  We establish a rubric-based human evaluation protocol for image captioning models. Our scoring rubrics and their definitions are carefully developed based on machine- and human-generated captions on the MSCOCO dataset. Each caption is evaluated along two main dimensions in a tradeoff (precision and recall) as well as other aspects that measure the text quality (fluency, conciseness, and inclusive language). Our evaluations demonstrate several critical problems of the current evaluation practice. Human-generated captions show substantially higher quality than machine-generated ones, especially in coverage of salient information (i.e., recall), while all automatic metrics say the opposite. Our rubric-based results reveal that CLIPScore, a recent metric that uses image features, better correlates with human judgments than conventional text-only metrics because it is more sensitive to recall. We hope that this work will promote a more transparent evaluation protocol for image captioning and its automatic metrics.      
### 58.Achieving Human Parity on Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08896.pdf)
>  The Visual Question Answering (VQA) task utilizes both visual image and language analysis to answer a textual question with respect to an image. It has been a popular research topic with an increasing number of real-world applications in the last decade. This paper describes our recent research of AliceMind-MMU (ALIbaba's Collection of Encoder-decoders from Machine IntelligeNce lab of Damo academy - MultiMedia Understanding) that obtains similar or even slightly better results than human being does on VQA. This is achieved by systematically improving the VQA pipeline including: (1) pre-training with comprehensive visual and textual feature representation; (2) effective cross-modal interaction with learning to attend; and (3) A novel knowledge mining framework with specialized expert modules for the complex VQA task. Treating different types of visual questions with corresponding expertise needed plays an important role in boosting the performance of our VQA architecture up to the human level. An extensive set of experiments and analysis are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of the new research work.      
### 59.Deep Neural Networks for Rank-Consistent Ordinal Regression Based On Conditional Probabilities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08851.pdf)
>  In recent times, deep neural networks achieved outstanding predictive performance on various classification and pattern recognition tasks. However, many real-world prediction problems have ordinal response variables, and this ordering information is ignored by conventional classification losses such as the multi-category cross-entropy. Ordinal regression methods for deep neural networks address this. One such method is the CORAL method, which is based on an earlier binary label extension framework and achieves rank consistency among its output layer tasks by imposing a weight-sharing constraint. However, while earlier experiments showed that CORAL's rank consistency is beneficial for performance, the weight-sharing constraint could severely restrict the expressiveness of a deep neural network. In this paper, we propose an alternative method for rank-consistent ordinal regression that does not require a weight-sharing constraint in a neural network's fully connected output layer. We achieve this rank consistency by a novel training scheme using conditional training sets to obtain the unconditional rank probabilities through applying the chain rule for conditional probability distributions. Experiments on various datasets demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed method to utilize the ordinal target information, and the absence of the weight-sharing restriction improves the performance substantially compared to the CORAL reference approach.      
### 60.Automatic Semantic Segmentation of the Lumbar Spine. Clinical Applicability in a Multi-parametric and Multi-centre MRI study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08712.pdf)
>  One of the major difficulties in medical image segmentation is the high variability of these images, which is caused by their origin (multi-centre), the acquisition protocols (multi-parametric), as well as the variability of human anatomy, the severity of the illness, the effect of age and gender, among others. The problem addressed in this work is the automatic semantic segmentation of lumbar spine Magnetic Resonance images using convolutional neural networks. The purpose is to assign a classes label to each pixel of an image. Classes were defined by radiologists and correspond to different structural elements like vertebrae, intervertebral discs, nerves, blood vessels, and other tissues. The proposed network topologies are variants of the U-Net architecture. Several complementary blocks were used to define the variants: Three types of convolutional blocks, spatial attention models, deep supervision and multilevel feature extractor. This document describes the topologies and analyses the results of the neural network designs that obtained the most accurate segmentations. Several of the proposed designs outperform the standard U-Net used as baseline, especially when used in ensembles where the output of multiple neural networks is combined according to different strategies.      
### 61.Two-step adversarial debiasing with partial learning -- medical image case-studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08711.pdf)
>  The use of artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare has become a very active research area in the last few years. While significant progress has been made in image classification tasks, only a few AI methods are actually being deployed in hospitals. A major hurdle in actively using clinical AI models currently is the trustworthiness of these models. More often than not, these complex models are black boxes in which promising results are generated. However, when scrutinized, these models begin to reveal implicit biases during the decision making, such as detecting race and having bias towards ethnic groups and subpopulations. In our ongoing study, we develop a two-step adversarial debiasing approach with partial learning that can reduce the racial disparity while preserving the performance of the targeted task. The methodology has been evaluated on two independent medical image case-studies - chest X-ray and mammograms, and showed promises in bias reduction while preserving the targeted performance.      
### 62.CNN Filter Learning from Drawn Markers for the Detection of Suggestive Signs of COVID-19 in CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08710.pdf)
>  Early detection of COVID-19 is vital to control its spread. Deep learning methods have been presented to detect suggestive signs of COVID-19 from chest CT images. However, due to the novelty of the disease, annotated volumetric data are scarce. Here we propose a method that does not require either large annotated datasets or backpropagation to estimate the filters of a convolutional neural network (CNN). For a few CT images, the user draws markers at representative normal and abnormal regions. The method generates a feature extractor composed of a sequence of convolutional layers, whose kernels are specialized in enhancing regions similar to the marked ones, and the decision layer of our CNN is a support vector machine. As we have no control over the CT image acquisition, we also propose an intensity standardization approach. Our method can achieve mean accuracy and kappa values of $0.97$ and $0.93$, respectively, on a dataset with 117 CT images extracted from different sites, surpassing its counterpart in all scenarios.      
### 63.Exploring dual-attention mechanism with multi-scale feature extraction scheme for skin lesion segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08708.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of skin lesions from dermoscopic images is a challenging task due to the irregular lesion boundaries, poor contrast between the lesion and the background, and the presence of artifacts. In this work, a new convolutional neural network-based approach is proposed for skin lesion segmentation. In this work, a novel multi-scale feature extraction module is proposed for extracting more discriminative features for dealing with the challenges related to complex skin lesions; this module is embedded in the UNet, replacing the convolutional layers in the standard architecture. Further in this work, two different attention mechanisms refine the feature extracted by the encoder and the post-upsampled features. This work was evaluated using the two publicly available datasets, including ISBI2017 and ISIC2018 datasets. The proposed method reported an accuracy, recall, and JSI of 97.5%, 94.29%, 91.16% on the ISBI2017 dataset and 95.92%, 95.37%, 91.52% on the ISIC2018 dataset. It outperformed the existing methods and the top-ranked models in the respective competitions.      
### 64.Automated Atlas-based Segmentation of Single Coronal Mouse Brain Slices using Linear 2D-2D Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.08705.pdf)
>  A significant challenge for brain histological data analysis is to precisely identify anatomical regions in order to perform accurate local quantifications and evaluate therapeutic solutions. Usually, this task is performed manually, becoming therefore tedious and subjective. Another option is to use automatic or semi-automatic methods, among which segmentation using digital atlases co-registration. However, most available atlases are 3D, whereas digitized histological data are 2D. Methods to perform such 2D-3D segmentation from an atlas are required. This paper proposes a strategy to automatically and accurately segment single 2D coronal slices within a 3D volume of atlas, using linear registration. We validated its robustness and performance using an exploratory approach at whole-brain scale.      
