# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 11 Nov 2021
### 1.Palette: Image-to-Image Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05826.pdf)
>  We introduce Palette, a simple and general framework for image-to-image translation using conditional diffusion models. On four challenging image-to-image translation tasks (colorization, inpainting, uncropping, and JPEG decompression), Palette outperforms strong GAN and regression baselines, and establishes a new state of the art. This is accomplished without task-specific hyper-parameter tuning, architecture customization, or any auxiliary loss, demonstrating a desirable degree of generality and flexibility. We uncover the impact of using $L_2$ vs. $L_1$ loss in the denoising diffusion objective on sample diversity, and demonstrate the importance of self-attention through empirical architecture studies. Importantly, we advocate a unified evaluation protocol based on ImageNet, and report several sample quality scores including FID, Inception Score, Classification Accuracy of a pre-trained ResNet-50, and Perceptual Distance against reference images for various baselines. We expect this standardized evaluation protocol to play a critical role in advancing image-to-image translation research. Finally, we show that a single generalist Palette model trained on 3 tasks (colorization, inpainting, JPEG decompression) performs as well or better than task-specific specialist counterparts.      
### 2.Multimodal Transformer with Variable-length Memory for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05759.pdf)
>  Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN) is a task that an agent is required to follow a language instruction to navigate to the goal position, which relies on the ongoing interactions with the environment during moving. Recent Transformer-based VLN methods have made great progress benefiting from the direct connections between visual observations and the language instruction via the multimodal cross-attention mechanism. However, these methods usually represent temporal context as a fixed-length vector by using an LSTM decoder or using manually designed hidden states to build a recurrent Transformer. Considering a single fixed-length vector is often insufficient to capture long-term temporal context, in this paper, we introduce Multimodal Transformer with Variable-length Memory (MTVM) for visually-grounded natural language navigation by modelling the temporal context explicitly. Specifically, MTVM enables the agent to keep track of the navigation trajectory by directly storing previous activations in a memory bank. To further boost the performance, we propose a memory-aware consistency loss to help learn a better joint representation of temporal context with random masked instructions. We evaluate MTVM on popular R2R and CVDN datasets, and our model improves Success Rate on R2R unseen validation and test set by 2% each, and reduce Goal Process by 1.6m on CVDN test set.      
### 3.Single image dehazing via combining the prior knowledge and CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05701.pdf)
>  Aiming at the existing single image haze removal algorithms, which are based on prior knowledge and assumptions, subject to many limitations in practical applications, and could suffer from noise and halo amplification. An end-to-end system is proposed in this paper to reduce defects by combining the prior knowledge and deep learning method. The haze image is decomposed into the base layer and detail layers through a weighted guided image filter (WGIF) firstly, and the airlight is estimated from the base layer. Then, the base layer image is passed to the efficient deep convolutional network for estimating the transmission map. To restore object close to the camera completely without amplifying noise in sky or heavily hazy scene, an adaptive strategy is proposed based on the value of the transmission map. If the transmission map of a pixel is small, the base layer of the haze image is used to recover a haze-free image via atmospheric scattering model, finally. Otherwise, the haze image is used. Experiments show that the proposed method achieves superior performance over existing methods.      
### 4.Multi-Scale Single Image Dehazing Using Laplacian and Gaussian Pyramids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05700.pdf)
>  Model driven single image dehazing was widely studied on top of different priors due to its extensive applications. Ambiguity between object radiance and haze and noise amplification in sky regions are two inherent problems of model driven single image dehazing. In this paper, a dark direct attenuation prior (DDAP) is proposed to address the former problem. A novel haze line averaging is proposed to reduce the morphological artifacts caused by the DDAP which enables a weighted guided image filter with a smaller radius to further reduce the morphological artifacts while preserve the fine structure in the image. A multi-scale dehazing algorithm is then proposed to address the latter problem by adopting Laplacian and Guassian pyramids to decompose the hazy image into different levels and applying different haze removal and noise reduction approaches to restore the scene radiance at different levels of the pyramid. The resultant pyramid is collapsed to restore a haze-free image. Experiment results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm outperforms state of the art dehazing algorithms and the noise is indeed prevented from being amplified in the sky region.      
### 5.Robust reconstructions by multi-scale/irregular tangential covering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05688.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an original manner to employ a tangential cover algorithm - minDSS - in order to geometrically reconstruct noisy digital contours. To do so, we exploit the representation of graphical objects by maximal primitives we have introduced in previous works. By calculating multi-scale and irregular isothetic representations of the contour, we obtained 1-D (one-dimensional) intervals, and achieved afterwards a decomposition into maximal line segments or circular arcs. By adapting minDSS to this sparse and irregular data of 1-D intervals supporting the maximal primitives, we are now able to reconstruct the input noisy objects into cyclic contours made of lines or arcs with a minimal number of primitives. In this work, we explain our novel complete pipeline, and present its experimental evaluation by considering both synthetic and real image data. We also show that this is a robust approach, with respect to selected references from state-of-the-art, and by considering a multi-scale noise evaluation process.      
### 6.Learning to ignore: rethinking attention in CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05684.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been an increasing interest in applying attention mechanisms in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to solve computer vision tasks. Most of these methods learn to explicitly identify and highlight relevant parts of the scene and pass the attended image to further layers of the network. In this paper, we argue that such an approach might not be optimal. Arguably, explicitly learning which parts of the image are relevant is typically harder than learning which parts of the image are less relevant and, thus, should be ignored. In fact, in vision domain, there are many easy-to-identify patterns of irrelevant features. For example, image regions close to the borders are less likely to contain useful information for a classification task. Based on this idea, we propose to reformulate the attention mechanism in CNNs to learn to ignore instead of learning to attend. Specifically, we propose to explicitly learn irrelevant information in the scene and suppress it in the produced representation, keeping only important attributes. This implicit attention scheme can be incorporated into any existing attention mechanism. In this work, we validate this idea using two recent attention methods Squeeze and Excitation (SE) block and Convolutional Block Attention Module (CBAM). Experimental results on different datasets and model architectures show that learning to ignore, i.e., implicit attention, yields superior performance compared to the standard approaches.      
### 7.Leveraging Geometry for Shape Estimation from a Single RGB Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05615.pdf)
>  Predicting 3D shapes and poses of static objects from a single RGB image is an important research area in modern computer vision. Its applications range from augmented reality to robotics and digital content creation. Typically this task is performed through direct object shape and pose predictions which is inaccurate. A promising research direction ensures meaningful shape predictions by retrieving CAD models from large scale databases and aligning them to the objects observed in the image. However, existing work does not take the object geometry into account, leading to inaccurate object pose predictions, especially for unseen objects. In this work we demonstrate how cross-domain keypoint matches from an RGB image to a rendered CAD model allow for more precise object pose predictions compared to ones obtained through direct predictions. We further show that keypoint matches can not only be used to estimate the pose of an object, but also to modify the shape of the object itself. This is important as the accuracy that can be achieved with object retrieval alone is inherently limited to the available CAD models. Allowing shape adaptation bridges the gap between the retrieved CAD model and the observed shape. We demonstrate our approach on the challenging Pix3D dataset. The proposed geometric shape prediction improves the AP mesh over the state-of-the-art from 33.2 to 37.8 on seen objects and from 8.2 to 17.1 on unseen objects. Furthermore, we demonstrate more accurate shape predictions without closely matching CAD models when following the proposed shape adaptation. Code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/florianlanger/leveraging_geometry_for_shape_estimation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 8.CLIP2TV: An Empirical Study on Transformer-based Methods for Video-Text Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05610.pdf)
>  Modern video-text retrieval frameworks basically consist of three parts: video encoder, text encoder and the similarity head. With the success on both visual and textual representation learning, transformer based encoders and fusion methods have also been adopted in the field of video-text retrieval. In this report, we present CLIP2TV, aiming at exploring where the critical elements lie in transformer based methods. To achieve this, We first revisit some recent works on multi-modal learning, then introduce some techniques into video-text retrieval, finally evaluate them through extensive experiments in different configurations. Notably, CLIP2TV achieves 52.9@R1 on MSR-VTT dataset, outperforming the previous SOTA result by 4.1%.      
### 9.TomoSLAM: factor graph optimization for rotation angle refinement in microtomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05562.pdf)
>  In computed tomography (CT), the relative trajectories of a sample, a detector, and a signal source are traditionally considered to be known, since they are caused by the intentional preprogrammed movement of the instrument parts. However, due to the mechanical backlashes, rotation sensor measurement errors, thermal deformations real trajectory differs from desired ones. This negatively affects the resulting quality of tomographic reconstruction. Neither the calibration nor preliminary adjustments of the device completely eliminates the inaccuracy of the trajectory but significantly increase the cost of instrument maintenance. A number of approaches to this problem are based on an automatic refinement of the source and sensor position estimate relative to the sample for each projection (at each time step) during the reconstruction process. A similar problem of position refinement while observing different images of an object from different angles is well known in robotics (particularly, in mobile robots and self-driving vehicles) and is called Simultaneous Localization And Mapping (SLAM). The scientific novelty of this work is to consider the problem of trajectory refinement in microtomography as a SLAM problem. This is achieved by extracting Speeded Up Robust Features (SURF) features from X-ray projections, filtering matches with Random Sample Consensus (RANSAC), calculating angles between projections, and using them in factor graph in combination with stepper motor control signals in order to refine rotation angles.      
### 10.Deep Attention-guided Graph Clustering with Dual Self-supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05548.pdf)
>  Existing deep embedding clustering works only consider the deepest layer to learn a feature embedding and thus fail to well utilize the available discriminative information from cluster assignments, resulting performance limitation. To this end, we propose a novel method, namely deep attention-guided graph clustering with dual self-supervision (DAGC). Specifically, DAGC first utilizes a heterogeneity-wise fusion module to adaptively integrate the features of an auto-encoder and a graph convolutional network in each layer and then uses a scale-wise fusion module to dynamically concatenate the multi-scale features in different layers. Such modules are capable of learning a discriminative feature embedding via an attention-based mechanism. In addition, we design a distribution-wise fusion module that leverages cluster assignments to acquire clustering results directly. To better explore the discriminative information from the cluster assignments, we develop a dual self-supervision solution consisting of a soft self-supervision strategy with a triplet Kullback-Leibler divergence loss and a hard self-supervision strategy with a pseudo supervision loss. Extensive experiments validate that our method consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods on six benchmark datasets. Especially, our method improves the ARI by more than 18.14% over the best baseline.      
### 11.ICDAR 2021 Competition on Document VisualQuestion Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05547.pdf)
>  In this report we present results of the ICDAR 2021 edition of the Document Visual Question Challenges. This edition complements the previous tasks on Single Document VQA and Document Collection VQA with a newly introduced on Infographics VQA. Infographics VQA is based on a new dataset of more than 5,000 infographics images and 30,000 question-answer pairs. The winner methods have scored 0.6120 ANLS in Infographics VQA task, 0.7743 ANLSL in Document Collection VQA task and 0.8705 ANLS in Single Document VQA. We present a summary of the datasets used for each task, description of each of the submitted methods and the results and analysis of their performance. A summary of the progress made on Single Document VQA since the first edition of the DocVQA 2020 challenge is also presented.      
### 12.3D modelling of survey scene from images enhanced with a multi-exposure fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05541.pdf)
>  In current practice, scene survey is carried out by workers using total stations. The method has high accuracy, but it incurs high costs if continuous monitoring is needed. Techniques based on photogrammetry, with the relatively cheaper digital cameras, have gained wide applications in many fields. Besides point measurement, photogrammetry can also create a three-dimensional (3D) model of the scene. Accurate 3D model reconstruction depends on high quality images. Degraded images will result in large errors in the reconstructed 3D model. In this paper, we propose a method that can be used to improve the visibility of the images, and eventually reduce the errors of the 3D scene model. The idea is inspired by image dehazing. Each original image is first transformed into multiple exposure images by means of gamma-correction operations and adaptive histogram equalization. The transformed images are analyzed by the computation of the local binary patterns. The image is then enhanced, with each pixel generated from the set of transformed image pixels weighted by a function of the local pattern feature and image saturation. Performance evaluation has been performed on benchmark image dehazing datasets. Experimentations have been carried out on outdoor and indoor surveys. Our analysis finds that the method works on different types of degradation that exist in both outdoor and indoor images. When fed into the photogrammetry software, the enhanced images can reconstruct 3D scene models with sub-millimeter mean errors.      
### 13.Space-Time Memory Network for Sounding Object Localization in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05526.pdf)
>  Leveraging temporal synchronization and association within sight and sound is an essential step towards robust localization of sounding objects. To this end, we propose a space-time memory network for sounding object localization in videos. It can simultaneously learn spatio-temporal attention over both uni-modal and cross-modal representations from audio and visual modalities. We show and analyze both quantitatively and qualitatively the effectiveness of incorporating spatio-temporal learning in localizing audio-visual objects. We demonstrate that our approach generalizes over various complex audio-visual scenes and outperforms recent state-of-the-art methods.      
### 14.Automated Pulmonary Embolism Detection from CTPA Images Using an End-to-End Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05506.pdf)
>  Automated methods for detecting pulmonary embolisms (PEs) on CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) images are of high demand. Existing methods typically employ separate steps for PE candidate detection and false positive removal, without considering the ability of the other step. As a result, most existing methods usually suffer from a high false positive rate in order to achieve an acceptable sensitivity. This study presents an end-to-end trainable convolutional neural network (CNN) where the two steps are optimized jointly. The proposed CNN consists of three concatenated subnets: 1) a novel 3D candidate proposal network for detecting cubes containing suspected PEs, 2) a 3D spatial transformation subnet for generating fixed-sized vessel-aligned image representation for candidates, and 3) a 2D classification network which takes the three cross-sections of the transformed cubes as input and eliminates false positives. We have evaluated our approach using the 20 CTPA test dataset from the PE challenge, achieving a sensitivity of 78.9%, 80.7% and 80.7% at 2 false positives per volume at 0mm, 2mm and 5mm localization error, which is superior to the state-of-the-art methods. We have further evaluated our system on our own dataset consisting of 129 CTPA data with a total of 269 emboli. Our system achieves a sensitivity of 63.2%, 78.9% and 86.8% at 2 false positives per volume at 0mm, 2mm and 5mm localization error.      
### 15.A Structure Feature Algorithm for Multi-modal Forearm Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05485.pdf)
>  Augmented reality technology based on image registration is becoming increasingly popular for the convenience of pre-surgery preparation and medical education. This paper focuses on the registration of forearm images and digital anatomical models. Due to the difference in texture features of forearm multi-modal images, this paper proposes a forearm feature representation curve (FFRC) based on structure compliant multi-modal image registration framework (FAM) for the forearm.      
### 16.Handwritten Digit Recognition Using Improved Bounding Box Recognition Technique  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05483.pdf)
>  The project comes with the technique of OCR (Optical Character Recognition) which includes various research sides of computer science. The project is to take a picture of a character and process it up to recognize the image of that character like a human brain recognize the various digits. The project contains the deep idea of the Image Processing techniques and the big research area of machine learning and the building block of the machine learning called Neural Network. There are two different parts of the project. Training part comes with the idea of to train a child by giving various sets of similar characters but not the totally same and to say them the output of this is this. Like this idea one has to train the newly built neural network with so many characters. This part contains some new algorithm which is self-created and upgraded as the project need. The testing part contains the testing of a new dataset .This part always comes after the part of the training .At first one has to teach the child how to recognize the character .Then one has to take the test whether he has given right answer or not. If not, one has to train him harder by giving new dataset and new entries. Just like that one has to test the algorithm also. There are many parts of statistical modeling and optimization techniques which come into the project requiring a lot of modeling concept of statistics like optimizer technique and filtering process, that how the mathematics and prediction behind that filtering or the algorithms comes after or which result one actually needs to and ultimately for the prediction of a predictive model creation. Machine learning algorithm is built by concepts of prediction and programming.      
### 17.Learning to Disentangle Scenes for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05476.pdf)
>  There are many challenging problems in the person re-identification (ReID) task, such as the occlusion and scale variation. Existing works usually tried to solve them by employing a one-branch network. This one-branch network needs to be robust to various challenging problems, which makes this network overburdened. This paper proposes to divide-and-conquer the ReID task. For this purpose, we employ several self-supervision operations to simulate different challenging problems and handle each challenging problem using different networks. Concretely, we use the random erasing operation and propose a novel random scaling operation to generate new images with controllable characteristics. A general multi-branch network, including one master branch and two servant branches, is introduced to handle different scenes. These branches learn collaboratively and achieve different perceptive abilities. In this way, the complex scenes in the ReID task are effectively disentangled, and the burden of each branch is relieved. The results from extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performances on three ReID benchmarks and two occluded ReID benchmarks. Ablation study also shows that the proposed scheme and operations significantly improve the performance in various scenes.      
### 18.Analysis of PDE-based binarization model for degraded document images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05471.pdf)
>  This report presents the results of a PDE-based binarization model for degraded document images. The model utilizes an edge and binary source term in its formulation. Results indicate effectiveness for document images with bleed-through and faded text and stains to a lesser extent.      
### 19.Sparse Adversarial Video Attacks with Spatial Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05468.pdf)
>  In recent years, a significant amount of research efforts concentrated on adversarial attacks on images, while adversarial video attacks have seldom been explored. We propose an adversarial attack strategy on videos, called DeepSAVA. Our model includes both additive perturbation and spatial transformation by a unified optimisation framework, where the structural similarity index (SSIM) measure is adopted to measure the adversarial distance. We design an effective and novel optimisation scheme which alternatively utilizes Bayesian optimisation to identify the most influential frame in a video and Stochastic gradient descent (SGD) based optimisation to produce both additive and spatial-transformed perturbations. Doing so enables DeepSAVA to perform a very sparse attack on videos for maintaining human imperceptibility while still achieving state-of-the-art performance in terms of both attack success rate and adversarial transferability. Our intensive experiments on various types of deep neural networks and video datasets confirm the superiority of DeepSAVA.      
### 20.Are Transformers More Robust Than CNNs?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05464.pdf)
>  Transformer emerges as a powerful tool for visual recognition. In addition to demonstrating competitive performance on a broad range of visual benchmarks, recent works also argue that Transformers are much more robust than Convolutions Neural Networks (CNNs). Nonetheless, surprisingly, we find these conclusions are drawn from unfair experimental settings, where Transformers and CNNs are compared at different scales and are applied with distinct training frameworks. In this paper, we aim to provide the first fair &amp; in-depth comparisons between Transformers and CNNs, focusing on robustness evaluations. <br>With our unified training setup, we first challenge the previous belief that Transformers outshine CNNs when measuring adversarial robustness. More surprisingly, we find CNNs can easily be as robust as Transformers on defending against adversarial attacks, if they properly adopt Transformers' training recipes. While regarding generalization on out-of-distribution samples, we show pre-training on (external) large-scale datasets is not a fundamental request for enabling Transformers to achieve better performance than CNNs. Moreover, our ablations suggest such stronger generalization is largely benefited by the Transformer's self-attention-like architectures per se, rather than by other training setups. We hope this work can help the community better understand and benchmark the robustness of Transformers and CNNs. The code and models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ytongbai/ViTs-vs-CNNs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Towards Active Vision for Action Localization with Reactive Control and Predictive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05448.pdf)
>  Visual event perception tasks such as action localization have primarily focused on supervised learning settings under a static observer, i.e., the camera is static and cannot be controlled by an algorithm. They are often restricted by the quality, quantity, and diversity of \textit{annotated} training data and do not often generalize to out-of-domain samples. In this work, we tackle the problem of active action localization where the goal is to localize an action while controlling the geometric and physical parameters of an active camera to keep the action in the field of view without training data. We formulate an energy-based mechanism that combines predictive learning and reactive control to perform active action localization without rewards, which can be sparse or non-existent in real-world environments. We perform extensive experiments in both simulated and real-world environments on two tasks - active object tracking and active action localization. We demonstrate that the proposed approach can generalize to different tasks and environments in a streaming fashion, without explicit rewards or training. We show that the proposed approach outperforms unsupervised baselines and obtains competitive performance compared to those trained with reinforcement learning.      
### 22.Pipeline for 3D reconstruction of the human body from AR/VR headset mounted egocentric cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05409.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel pipeline for the 3D reconstruction of the full body from egocentric viewpoints. 3-D reconstruction of the human body from egocentric viewpoints is a challenging task as the view is skewed and the body parts farther from the cameras are occluded. One such example is the view from cameras installed below VR headsets. To achieve this task, we first make use of conditional GANs to translate the egocentric views to full body third-person views. This increases the comprehensibility of the image and caters to occlusions. The generated third-person view is further sent through the 3D reconstruction module that generates a 3D mesh of the body. We also train a network that can take the third person full-body view of the subject and generate the texture maps for applying on the mesh. The generated mesh has fairly realistic body proportions and is fully rigged allowing for further applications such as real-time animation and pose transfer in games. This approach can be key to a new domain of mobile human telepresence.      
### 23.Self-Supervised Audio-Visual Representation Learning with Relaxed Cross-Modal Temporal Synchronicity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05329.pdf)
>  We present CrissCross, a self-supervised framework for learning audio-visual representations. A novel notion is introduced in our framework whereby in addition to learning the intra-modal and standard 'synchronous' cross-modal relations, CrissCross also learns 'asynchronous' cross-modal relationships. We show that by relaxing the temporal synchronicity between the audio and visual modalities, the network learns strong time-invariant representations. Our experiments show that strong augmentations for both audio and visual modalities with relaxation of cross-modal temporal synchronicity optimize performance. To pretrain our proposed framework, we use 3 different datasets with varying sizes, Kinetics-Sound, Kinetics-400, and AudioSet. The learned representations are evaluated on a number of downstream tasks namely action recognition, sound classification, and retrieval. CrissCross shows state-of-the-art performances on action recognition (UCF101 and HMDB51) and sound classification (ESC50). The codes and pretrained models will be made publicly available.      
### 24.Advances in Neural Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05849.pdf)
>  Synthesizing photo-realistic images and videos is at the heart of computer graphics and has been the focus of decades of research. Traditionally, synthetic images of a scene are generated using rendering algorithms such as rasterization or ray tracing, which take specifically defined representations of geometry and material properties as input. Collectively, these inputs define the actual scene and what is rendered, and are referred to as the scene representation (where a scene consists of one or more objects). Example scene representations are triangle meshes with accompanied textures (e.g., created by an artist), point clouds (e.g., from a depth sensor), volumetric grids (e.g., from a CT scan), or implicit surface functions (e.g., truncated signed distance fields). The reconstruction of such a scene representation from observations using differentiable rendering losses is known as inverse graphics or inverse rendering. Neural rendering is closely related, and combines ideas from classical computer graphics and machine learning to create algorithms for synthesizing images from real-world observations. Neural rendering is a leap forward towards the goal of synthesizing photo-realistic image and video content. In recent years, we have seen immense progress in this field through hundreds of publications that show different ways to inject learnable components into the rendering pipeline. This state-of-the-art report on advances in neural rendering focuses on methods that combine classical rendering principles with learned 3D scene representations, often now referred to as neural scene representations. A key advantage of these methods is that they are 3D-consistent by design, enabling applications such as novel viewpoint synthesis of a captured scene. In addition to methods that handle static scenes, we cover neural scene representations for modeling non-rigidly deforming objects...      
### 25.Structure from Silence: Learning Scene Structure from Ambient Sound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05846.pdf)
>  From whirling ceiling fans to ticking clocks, the sounds that we hear subtly vary as we move through a scene. We ask whether these ambient sounds convey information about 3D scene structure and, if so, whether they provide a useful learning signal for multimodal models. To study this, we collect a dataset of paired audio and RGB-D recordings from a variety of quiet indoor scenes. We then train models that estimate the distance to nearby walls, given only audio as input. We also use these recordings to learn multimodal representations through self-supervision, by training a network to associate images with their corresponding sounds. These results suggest that ambient sound conveys a surprising amount of information about scene structure, and that it is a useful signal for learning multimodal features.      
### 26.SwAMP: Swapped Assignment of Multi-Modal Pairs for Cross-Modal Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05814.pdf)
>  We tackle the cross-modal retrieval problem, where the training is only supervised by the relevant multi-modal pairs in the data. The contrastive learning is the most popular approach for this task. However, its sampling complexity for learning is quadratic in the number of training data points. Moreover, it makes potentially wrong assumption that the instances in different pairs are automatically irrelevant. To address these issues, we propose a novel loss function that is based on self-labeling of the unknown classes. Specifically, we aim to predict class labels of the data instances in each modality, and assign those labels to the corresponding instances in the other modality (i.e., swapping the pseudo labels). With these swapped labels, we learn the data embedding for each modality using the supervised cross-entropy loss, hence leading to linear sampling complexity. We also maintain the queues for storing the embeddings of the latest batches, for which clustering assignment and embedding learning are done at the same time in an online fashion. This removes computational overhead of injecting intermittent epochs of entire training data sweep for offline clustering. We tested our approach on several real-world cross-modal retrieval problems, including text-based video retrieval, sketch-based image retrieval, and image-text retrieval, and for all these tasks our method achieves significant performance improvement over the contrastive learning.      
### 27.PIMIP: An Open Source Platform for Pathology Information Management and Integration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05794.pdf)
>  Digital pathology plays a crucial role in the development of artificial intelligence in the medical field. The digital pathology platform can make the pathological resources digital and networked, and realize the permanent storage of visual data and the synchronous browsing processing without the limitation of time and space. It has been widely used in various fields of pathology. However, there is still a lack of an open and universal digital pathology platform to assist doctors in the management and analysis of digital pathological sections, as well as the management and structured description of relevant patient information. Most platforms cannot integrate image viewing, annotation and analysis, and text information management. To solve the above problems, we propose a comprehensive and extensible platform PIMIP. Our PIMIP has developed the image annotation functions based on the visualization of digital pathological sections. Our annotation functions support multi-user collaborative annotation and multi-device annotation, and realize the automation of some annotation tasks. In the annotation task, we invited a professional pathologist for guidance. We introduce a machine learning module for image analysis. The data we collected included public data from local hospitals and clinical examples. Our platform is more clinical and suitable for clinical use. In addition to image data, we also structured the management and display of text information. So our platform is comprehensive. The platform framework is built in a modular way to support users to add machine learning modules independently, which makes our platform extensible.      
### 28.Early Myocardial Infarction Detection over Multi-view Echocardiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05790.pdf)
>  Myocardial infarction (MI) is the leading cause of mortality in the world that occurs due to a blockage of the coronary arteries feeding the myocardium. An early diagnosis of MI and its localization can mitigate the extent of myocardial damage by facilitating early therapeutic interventions. Following the blockage of a coronary artery, the regional wall motion abnormality (RWMA) of the ischemic myocardial segments is the earliest change to set in. Echocardiography is the fundamental tool to assess any RWMA. Assessing the motion of the left ventricle (LV) wall only from a single echocardiography view may lead to missing the diagnosis of MI as the RWMA may not be visible on that specific view. Therefore, in this study, we propose to fuse apical 4-chamber (A4C) and apical 2-chamber (A2C) views in which a total of 11 myocardial segments can be analyzed for MI detection. The proposed method first estimates the motion of the LV wall by Active Polynomials (APs), which extract and track the endocardial boundary to compute myocardial segment displacements. The features are extracted from the A4C and A2C view displacements, which are fused and fed into the classifiers to detect MI. The main contributions of this study are 1) creation of a new benchmark dataset by including both A4C and A2C views in a total of 260 echocardiography recordings, which is publicly shared with the research community, 2) improving the performance of the prior work of threshold-based APs by a Machine Learning based approach, and 3) a pioneer MI detection approach via multi-view echocardiography by fusing the information of A4C and A2C views. Experimental results show that the proposed method achieves 90.91% sensitivity and 86.36% precision for MI detection over multi-view echocardiography.      
### 29.Evaluation of Deep Learning Topcoders Method for Neuron Individualization in Histological Macaque Brain Section  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05789.pdf)
>  Cell individualization has a vital role in digital pathology image analysis. Deep Learning is considered as an efficient tool for instance segmentation tasks, including cell individualization. However, the precision of the Deep Learning model relies on massive unbiased dataset and manual pixel-level annotations, which is labor intensive. Moreover, most applications of Deep Learning have been developed for processing oncological data. To overcome these challenges, i) we established a pipeline to synthesize pixel-level labels with only point annotations provided; ii) we tested an ensemble Deep Learning algorithm to perform cell individualization on neurological data. Results suggest that the proposed method successfully segments neuronal cells in both object-level and pixel-level, with an average detection accuracy of 0.93.      
### 30.Theoretical and empirical analysis of a fast algorithm for extracting polygons from signed distance bounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05778.pdf)
>  We investigate an asymptotically fast method for transforming signed distance bounds into polygon meshes. This is achieved by combining sphere tracing (also known as ray marching) and one of the traditional polygonization schemes (e.g., Marching cubes). Let us call this approach Gridhopping. We provide theoretical and experimental evidence that it is of the $O(N^2\log N)$ computational complexity for a polygonization grid with $N^3$ cells. The algorithm is tested on both a set of primitive shapes as well as signed distance fields generated from point clouds by machine learning. Given its speed, simplicity and portability, we argue that it could prove useful during the modelling stage as well as in shape compression for storage. <br>The code is available here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nenadmarkus/gridhopping" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 31.Multimodal Approach for Metadata Extraction from German Scientific Publications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05736.pdf)
>  Nowadays, metadata information is often given by the authors themselves upon submission. However, a significant part of already existing research papers have missing or incomplete metadata information. German scientific papers come in a large variety of layouts which makes the extraction of metadata a non-trivial task that requires a precise way to classify the metadata extracted from the documents. In this paper, we propose a multimodal deep learning approach for metadata extraction from scientific papers in the German language. We consider multiple types of input data by combining natural language processing and image vision processing. This model aims to increase the overall accuracy of metadata extraction compared to other state-of-the-art approaches. It enables the utilization of both spatial and contextual features in order to achieve a more reliable extraction. Our model for this approach was trained on a dataset consisting of around 8800 documents and is able to obtain an overall F1-score of 0.923.      
### 32.Efficient Neural Network Training via Forward and Backward Propagation Sparsification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05685.pdf)
>  Sparse training is a natural idea to accelerate the training speed of deep neural networks and save the memory usage, especially since large modern neural networks are significantly over-parameterized. However, most of the existing methods cannot achieve this goal in practice because the chain rule based gradient (w.r.t. structure parameters) estimators adopted by previous methods require dense computation at least in the backward propagation step. This paper solves this problem by proposing an efficient sparse training method with completely sparse forward and backward passes. We first formulate the training process as a continuous minimization problem under global sparsity constraint. We then separate the optimization process into two steps, corresponding to weight update and structure parameter update. For the former step, we use the conventional chain rule, which can be sparse via exploiting the sparse structure. For the latter step, instead of using the chain rule based gradient estimators as in existing methods, we propose a variance reduced policy gradient estimator, which only requires two forward passes without backward propagation, thus achieving completely sparse training. We prove that the variance of our gradient estimator is bounded. Extensive experimental results on real-world datasets demonstrate that compared to previous methods, our algorithm is much more effective in accelerating the training process, up to an order of magnitude faster.      
### 33.Explanatory Analysis and Rectification of the Pitfalls in COVID-19 Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05679.pdf)
>  Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, millions of people have succumbed to this deadly virus. Many attempts have been made to devise an automated method of testing that could detect the virus. Various researchers around the globe have proposed deep learning based methodologies to detect the COVID-19 using Chest X-Rays. However, questions have been raised on the presence of bias in the publicly available Chest X-Ray datasets which have been used by the majority of the researchers. In this paper, we propose a 2 staged methodology to address this topical issue. Two experiments have been conducted as a part of stage 1 of the methodology to exhibit the presence of bias in the datasets. Subsequently, an image segmentation, super-resolution and CNN based pipeline along with different image augmentation techniques have been proposed in stage 2 of the methodology to reduce the effect of bias. InceptionResNetV2 trained on Chest X-Ray images that were augmented with Histogram Equalization followed by Gamma Correction when passed through the pipeline proposed in stage 2, yielded a top accuracy of 90.47% for 3-class (Normal, Pneumonia, and COVID-19) classification task.      
### 34.The Impact of Changes in Resolution on the Persistent Homology of Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05663.pdf)
>  Digital images enable quantitative analysis of material properties at micro and macro length scales, but choosing an appropriate resolution when acquiring the image is challenging. A high resolution means longer image acquisition and larger data requirements for a given sample, but if the resolution is too low, significant information may be lost. This paper studies the impact of changes in resolution on persistent homology, a tool from topological data analysis that provides a signature of structure in an image across all length scales. Given prior information about a function, the geometry of an object, or its density distribution at a given resolution, we provide methods to select the coarsest resolution yielding results within an acceptable tolerance. We present numerical case studies for an illustrative synthetic example and samples from porous materials where the theoretical bounds are unknown.      
### 35.FabricFlowNet: Bimanual Cloth Manipulation with a Flow-based Policy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05623.pdf)
>  We address the problem of goal-directed cloth manipulation, a challenging task due to the deformability of cloth. Our insight is that optical flow, a technique normally used for motion estimation in video, can also provide an effective representation for corresponding cloth poses across observation and goal images. We introduce FabricFlowNet (FFN), a cloth manipulation policy that leverages flow as both an input and as an action representation to improve performance. FabricFlowNet also elegantly switches between bimanual and single-arm actions based on the desired goal. We show that FabricFlowNet significantly outperforms state-of-the-art model-free and model-based cloth manipulation policies that take image input. We also present real-world experiments on a bimanual system, demonstrating effective sim-to-real transfer. Finally, we show that our method generalizes when trained on a single square cloth to other cloth shapes, such as T-shirts and rectangular cloths. Video and other supplementary materials are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/fabricflownet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.Understanding the Generalization Benefit of Model Invariance from a Data Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05529.pdf)
>  Machine learning models that are developed to be invariant under certain types of data transformations have shown improved generalization in practice. However, a principled understanding of why invariance benefits generalization is limited. Given a dataset, there is often no principled way to select "suitable" data transformations under which model invariance guarantees better generalization. This paper studies the generalization benefit of model invariance by introducing the sample cover induced by transformations, i.e., a representative subset of a dataset that can approximately recover the whole dataset using transformations. For any data transformations, we provide refined generalization bounds for invariant models based on the sample cover. We also characterize the "suitability" of a set of data transformations by the sample covering number induced by transformations, i.e., the smallest size of its induced sample covers. We show that we may tighten the generalization bounds for "suitable" transformations that have a small sample covering number. In addition, our proposed sample covering number can be empirically evaluated and thus provides a guide for selecting transformations to develop model invariance for better generalization. In experiments on multiple datasets, we evaluate sample covering numbers for some commonly used transformations and show that the smaller sample covering number for a set of transformations (e.g., the 3D-view transformation) indicates a smaller gap between the test and training error for invariant models, which verifies our propositions.      
### 37.Efficient Data Compression for 3D Sparse TPC via Bicephalous Convolutional Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05423.pdf)
>  Real-time data collection and analysis in large experimental facilities present a great challenge across multiple domains, including high energy physics, nuclear physics, and cosmology. To address this, machine learning (ML)-based methods for real-time data compression have drawn significant attention. However, unlike natural image data, such as CIFAR and ImageNet that are relatively small-sized and continuous, scientific data often come in as three-dimensional data volumes at high rates with high sparsity (many zeros) and non-Gaussian value distribution. This makes direct application of popular ML compression methods, as well as conventional data compression methods, suboptimal. To address these obstacles, this work introduces a dual-head autoencoder to resolve sparsity and regression simultaneously, called \textit{Bicephalous Convolutional AutoEncoder} (BCAE). This method shows advantages both in compression fidelity and ratio compared to traditional data compression methods, such as MGARD, SZ, and ZFP. To achieve similar fidelity, the best performer among the traditional methods can reach only half the compression ratio of BCAE. Moreover, a thorough ablation study of the BCAE method shows that a dedicated segmentation decoder improves the reconstruction.      
### 38.Robust deep learning-based semantic organ segmentation in hyperspectral images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05408.pdf)
>  Semantic image segmentation is an important prerequisite for context-awareness and autonomous robotics in surgery. The state of the art has focused on conventional RGB video data acquired during minimally invasive surgery, but full-scene semantic segmentation based on spectral imaging data and obtained during open surgery has received almost no attention to date. To address this gap in the literature, we are investigating the following research questions based on hyperspectral imaging (HSI) data of pigs acquired in an open surgery setting: (1) What is an adequate representation of HSI data for neural network-based fully automated organ segmentation, especially with respect to the spatial granularity of the data (pixels vs. superpixels vs. patches vs. full images)? (2) Is there a benefit of using HSI data compared to other modalities, namely RGB data and processed HSI data (e.g. tissue parameters like oxygenation), when performing semantic organ segmentation? According to a comprehensive validation study based on 506 HSI images from 20 pigs, annotated with a total of 19 classes, deep learning-based segmentation performance increases - consistently across modalities - with the spatial context of the input data. Unprocessed HSI data offers an advantage over RGB data or processed data from the camera provider, with the advantage increasing with decreasing size of the input to the neural network. Maximum performance (HSI applied to whole images) yielded a mean dice similarity coefficient (DSC) of 0.89 (standard deviation (SD) 0.04), which is in the range of the inter-rater variability (DSC of 0.89 (SD 0.07)). We conclude that HSI could become a powerful image modality for fully-automatic surgical scene understanding with many advantages over traditional imaging, including the ability to recover additional functional tissue information.      
### 39.Object-Centric Representation Learning with Generative Spatial-Temporal Factorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.05393.pdf)
>  Learning object-centric scene representations is essential for attaining structural understanding and abstraction of complex scenes. Yet, as current approaches for unsupervised object-centric representation learning are built upon either a stationary observer assumption or a static scene assumption, they often: i) suffer single-view spatial ambiguities, or ii) infer incorrectly or inaccurately object representations from dynamic scenes. To address this, we propose Dynamics-aware Multi-Object Network (DyMON), a method that broadens the scope of multi-view object-centric representation learning to dynamic scenes. We train DyMON on multi-view-dynamic-scene data and show that DyMON learns -- without supervision -- to factorize the entangled effects of observer motions and scene object dynamics from a sequence of observations, and constructs scene object spatial representations suitable for rendering at arbitrary times (querying across time) and from arbitrary viewpoints (querying across space). We also show that the factorized scene representations (w.r.t. objects) support querying about a single object by space and time independently.      
