# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 25 Nov 2021
### 1.PeCo: Perceptual Codebook for BERT Pre-training of Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12710.pdf)
>  This paper explores a better codebook for BERT pre-training of vision transformers. The recent work BEiT successfully transfers BERT pre-training from NLP to the vision field. It directly adopts one simple discrete VAE as the visual tokenizer, but has not considered the semantic level of the resulting visual tokens. By contrast, the discrete tokens in NLP field are naturally highly semantic. This difference motivates us to learn a perceptual codebook. And we surprisingly find one simple yet effective idea: enforcing perceptual similarity during the dVAE training. We demonstrate that the visual tokens generated by the proposed perceptual codebook do exhibit better semantic meanings, and subsequently help pre-training achieve superior transfer performance in various downstream tasks. For example, we achieve 84.5 Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K with ViT-B backbone, outperforming the competitive method BEiT by +1.3 with the same pre-training epochs. It can also improve the performance of object detection and segmentation tasks on COCO val by +1.3 box AP and +1.0 mask AP, semantic segmentation on ADE20k by +1.0 mIoU, The code and models will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/PeCo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 2.MHFormer: Multi-Hypothesis Transformer for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12707.pdf)
>  Estimating 3D human poses from monocular videos is a challenging task due to depth ambiguity and self-occlusion. Most existing works attempt to solve both issues by exploiting spatial and temporal relationships. However, those works ignore the fact that it is an inverse problem where multiple feasible solutions (i.e., hypotheses) exist. To relieve this limitation, we propose a Multi-Hypothesis Transformer (MHFormer) that learns spatio-temporal representations of multiple plausible pose hypotheses. In order to effectively model multi-hypothesis dependencies and build strong relationships across hypothesis features, the task is decomposed into three stages: (i) Generate multiple initial hypothesis representations; (ii) Model self-hypothesis communication, merge multiple hypotheses into a single converged representation and then partition it into several diverged hypotheses; (iii) Learn cross-hypothesis communication and aggregate the multi-hypothesis features to synthesize the final 3D pose. Through the above processes, the final representation is enhanced and the synthesized pose is much more accurate. Extensive experiments show that MHFormer achieves state-of-the-art results on two challenging datasets: Human3.6M and MPI-INF-3DHP. Without bells and whistles, its performance surpasses the previous best result by a large margin of 3% on Human3.6M. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Vegetebird/MHFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.MixSyn: Learning Composition and Style for Multi-Source Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12705.pdf)
>  Synthetic images created by generative models increase in quality and expressiveness as newer models utilize larger datasets and novel architectures. Although this photorealism is a positive side-effect from a creative standpoint, it becomes problematic when such generative models are used for impersonation without consent. Most of these approaches are built on the partial transfer between source and target pairs, or they generate completely new samples based on an ideal distribution, still resembling the closest real sample in the dataset. We propose MixSyn (read as " mixin' ") for learning novel fuzzy compositions from multiple sources and creating novel images as a mix of image regions corresponding to the compositions. MixSyn not only combines uncorrelated regions from multiple source masks into a coherent semantic composition, but also generates mask-aware high quality reconstructions of non-existing images. We compare MixSyn to state-of-the-art single-source sequential generation and collage generation approaches in terms of quality, diversity, realism, and expressive power; while also showcasing interactive synthesis, mix &amp; match, and edit propagation tasks, with no mask dependency.      
### 4.Investigating Tradeoffs in Real-World Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12704.pdf)
>  The diversity and complexity of degradations in real-world video super-resolution (VSR) pose non-trivial challenges in inference and training. First, while long-term propagation leads to improved performance in cases of mild degradations, severe in-the-wild degradations could be exaggerated through propagation, impairing output quality. To balance the tradeoff between detail synthesis and artifact suppression, we found an image pre-cleaning stage indispensable to reduce noises and artifacts prior to propagation. Equipped with a carefully designed cleaning module, our RealBasicVSR outperforms existing methods in both quality and efficiency. Second, real-world VSR models are often trained with diverse degradations to improve generalizability, requiring increased batch size to produce a stable gradient. Inevitably, the increased computational burden results in various problems, including 1) speed-performance tradeoff and 2) batch-length tradeoff. To alleviate the first tradeoff, we propose a stochastic degradation scheme that reduces up to 40\% of training time without sacrificing performance. We then analyze different training settings and suggest that employing longer sequences rather than larger batches during training allows more effective uses of temporal information, leading to more stable performance during inference. To facilitate fair comparisons, we propose the new VideoLQ dataset, which contains a large variety of real-world low-quality video sequences containing rich textures and patterns. Our dataset can serve as a common ground for benchmarking. Code, models, and the dataset will be made publicly available.      
### 5.Density-aware Chamfer Distance as a Comprehensive Metric for Point Cloud Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12702.pdf)
>  Chamfer Distance (CD) and Earth Mover's Distance (EMD) are two broadly adopted metrics for measuring the similarity between two point sets. However, CD is usually insensitive to mismatched local density, and EMD is usually dominated by global distribution while overlooks the fidelity of detailed structures. Besides, their unbounded value range induces a heavy influence from the outliers. These defects prevent them from providing a consistent evaluation. To tackle these problems, we propose a new similarity measure named Density-aware Chamfer Distance (DCD). It is derived from CD and benefits from several desirable properties: 1) it can detect disparity of density distributions and is thus a more intensive measure of similarity compared to CD; 2) it is stricter with detailed structures and significantly more computationally efficient than EMD; 3) the bounded value range encourages a more stable and reasonable evaluation over the whole test set. We adopt DCD to evaluate the point cloud completion task, where experimental results show that DCD pays attention to both the overall structure and local geometric details and provides a more reliable evaluation even when CD and EMD contradict each other. We can also use DCD as the training loss, which outperforms the same model trained with CD loss on all three metrics. In addition, we propose a novel point discriminator module that estimates the priority for another guided down-sampling step, and it achieves noticeable improvements under DCD together with competitive results for both CD and EMD. We hope our work could pave the way for a more comprehensive and practical point cloud similarity evaluation. Our code will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wutong16/Density_aware_Chamfer_Distance" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 6.Unleashing Transformers: Parallel Token Prediction with Discrete Absorbing Diffusion for Fast High-Resolution Image Generation from Vector-Quantized Codes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12701.pdf)
>  Whilst diffusion probabilistic models can generate high quality image content, key limitations remain in terms of both generating high-resolution imagery and their associated high computational requirements. Recent Vector-Quantized image models have overcome this limitation of image resolution but are prohibitively slow and unidirectional as they generate tokens via element-wise autoregressive sampling from the prior. By contrast, in this paper we propose a novel discrete diffusion probabilistic model prior which enables parallel prediction of Vector-Quantized tokens by using an unconstrained Transformer architecture as the backbone. During training, tokens are randomly masked in an order-agnostic manner and the Transformer learns to predict the original tokens. This parallelism of Vector-Quantized token prediction in turn facilitates unconditional generation of globally consistent high-resolution and diverse imagery at a fraction of the computational expense. In this manner, we can generate image resolutions exceeding that of the original training set samples whilst additionally provisioning per-image likelihood estimates (in a departure from generative adversarial approaches). Our approach achieves state-of-the-art results in terms of Density (LSUN Bedroom: 1.51; LSUN Churches: 1.12; FFHQ: 1.20) and Coverage (LSUN Bedroom: 0.83; LSUN Churches: 0.73; FFHQ: 0.80), and performs competitively on FID (LSUN Bedroom: 3.64; LSUN Churches: 4.07; FFHQ: 6.11) whilst offering advantages in terms of both computation and reduced training set requirements.      
### 7.Open-Vocabulary Instance Segmentation via Robust Cross-Modal Pseudo-Labeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12698.pdf)
>  Open-vocabulary instance segmentation aims at segmenting novel classes without mask annotations. It is an important step toward reducing laborious human supervision. Most existing works first pretrain a model on captioned images covering many novel classes and then finetune it on limited base classes with mask annotations. However, the high-level textual information learned from caption pretraining alone cannot effectively encode the details required for pixel-wise segmentation. To address this, we propose a cross-modal pseudo-labeling framework, which generates training pseudo masks by aligning word semantics in captions with visual features of object masks in images. Thus, our framework is capable of labeling novel classes in captions via their word semantics to self-train a student model. To account for noises in pseudo masks, we design a robust student model that selectively distills mask knowledge by estimating the mask noise levels, hence mitigating the adverse impact of noisy pseudo masks. By extensive experiments, we show the effectiveness of our framework, where we significantly improve mAP score by 4.5% on MS-COCO and 5.1% on the large-scale Open Images &amp; Conceptual Captions datasets compared to the state-of-the-art.      
### 8.A Lightweight Graph Transformer Network for Human Mesh Reconstruction from 2D Human Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12696.pdf)
>  Existing deep learning-based human mesh reconstruction approaches have a tendency to build larger networks in order to achieve higher accuracy. Computational complexity and model size are often neglected, despite being key characteristics for practical use of human mesh reconstruction models (e.g. virtual try-on systems). In this paper, we present GTRS, a lightweight pose-based method that can reconstruct human mesh from 2D human pose. We propose a pose analysis module that uses graph transformers to exploit structured and implicit joint correlations, and a mesh regression module that combines the extracted pose feature with the mesh template to reconstruct the final human mesh. We demonstrate the efficiency and generalization of GTRS by extensive evaluations on the Human3.6M and 3DPW datasets. In particular, GTRS achieves better accuracy than the SOTA pose-based method Pose2Mesh while only using 10.2% of the parameters (Params) and 2.5% of the FLOPs on the challenging in-the-wild 3DPW dataset. Code will be publicly available.      
### 9.EgoRenderer: Rendering Human Avatars from Egocentric Camera Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12685.pdf)
>  We present EgoRenderer, a system for rendering full-body neural avatars of a person captured by a wearable, egocentric fisheye camera that is mounted on a cap or a VR headset. Our system renders photorealistic novel views of the actor and her motion from arbitrary virtual camera locations. Rendering full-body avatars from such egocentric images come with unique challenges due to the top-down view and large distortions. We tackle these challenges by decomposing the rendering process into several steps, including texture synthesis, pose construction, and neural image translation. For texture synthesis, we propose Ego-DPNet, a neural network that infers dense correspondences between the input fisheye images and an underlying parametric body model, and to extract textures from egocentric inputs. In addition, to encode dynamic appearances, our approach also learns an implicit texture stack that captures detailed appearance variation across poses and viewpoints. For correct pose generation, we first estimate body pose from the egocentric view using a parametric model. We then synthesize an external free-viewpoint pose image by projecting the parametric model to the user-specified target viewpoint. We next combine the target pose image and the textures into a combined feature image, which is transformed into the output color image using a neural image translation network. Experimental evaluations show that EgoRenderer is capable of generating realistic free-viewpoint avatars of a person wearing an egocentric camera. Comparisons to several baselines demonstrate the advantages of our approach.      
### 10.VIOLET : End-to-End Video-Language Transformers with Masked Visual-token Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12681.pdf)
>  A great challenge in video-language (VidL) modeling lies in the disconnection between fixed video representations extracted from image/video understanding models and downstream VidL data. Recent studies try to mitigate this disconnection via end-to-end training. To make it computationally feasible, prior works tend to "imagify" video inputs, i.e., a handful of sparsely sampled frames are fed into a 2D CNN, followed by a simple mean-pooling or concatenation to obtain the overall video representations. Although achieving promising results, such simple approaches may lose temporal information that is essential for performing downstream VidL tasks. In this work, we present VIOLET, a fully end-to-end VIdeO-LanguagE Transformer, which adopts a video transformer to explicitly model the temporal dynamics of video inputs. Further, unlike previous studies that found pre-training tasks on video inputs (e.g., masked frame modeling) not very effective, we design a new pre-training task, Masked Visual-token Modeling (MVM), for better video modeling. Specifically, the original video frame patches are "tokenized" into discrete visual tokens, and the goal is to recover the original visual tokens based on the masked patches. Comprehensive analysis demonstrates the effectiveness of both explicit temporal modeling via video transformer and MVM. As a result, VIOLET achieves new state-of-the-art performance on 5 video question answering tasks and 4 text-to-video retrieval tasks.      
### 11.MIO : Mutual Information Optimization using Self-Supervised Binary Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12664.pdf)
>  Self-supervised contrastive learning is one of the domains which has progressed rapidly over the last few years. Most of the state-of-the-art self-supervised algorithms use a large number of negative samples, momentum updates, specific architectural modifications, or extensive training to learn good representations. Such arrangements make the overall training process complex and challenging to realize analytically. In this paper, we propose a mutual information optimization based loss function for contrastive learning where we model contrastive learning into a binary classification problem to predict if a pair is positive or not. This formulation not only helps us to track the problem mathematically but also helps us to outperform existing algorithms. Unlike the existing methods that only maximize the mutual information in a positive pair, the proposed loss function optimizes the mutual information in both positive and negative pairs. We also present a mathematical expression for the parameter gradients flowing into the projector and the displacement of the feature vectors in the feature space. This helps us to get a mathematical insight into the working principle of contrastive learning. An additive $L_2$ regularizer is also used to prevent diverging of the feature vectors and to improve performance. The proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art algorithms on benchmark datasets like STL-10, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100. After only 250 epochs of pre-training, the proposed model achieves the best accuracy of 85.44\%, 60.75\%, 56.81\% on CIFAR-10, STL-10, CIFAR-100 datasets, respectively.      
### 12.Analysing Statistical methods for Automatic Detection of Image Forgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12661.pdf)
>  Image manipulation and forgery detection have been a topic of research for more than a decade now. New-age tools and large-scale social platforms have given space for manipulated media to thrive. These media can be potentially dangerous and thus innumerable methods have been designed and tested to prove their robustness in detecting forgery. However, the results reported by state-of-the-art systems indicate that supervised approaches achieve almost perfect performance but only with particular datasets. In this work, we analyze the issue of out-of-distribution generalisability of the current state-of-the-art image forgery detection techniques through several experiments. Our study focuses on models that utilise handcrafted features for image forgery detection. We show that the developed methods fail to perform well on cross-dataset evaluations and in-the-wild manipulated media. As a consequence, a question is raised about the current evaluation and overestimated performance of the systems under consideration. Note: This work was done during a summer research internship at ITMR Lab, IIIT-Allahabad under the supervision of Prof. Anupam Agarwal.      
### 13.SM3D: Simultaneous Monocular Mapping and 3D Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12643.pdf)
>  Mapping and 3D detection are two major issues in vision-based robotics, and self-driving. While previous works only focus on each task separately, we present an innovative and efficient multi-task deep learning framework (SM3D) for Simultaneous Mapping and 3D Detection by bridging the gap with robust depth estimation and "Pseudo-LiDAR" point cloud for the first time. The Mapping module takes consecutive monocular frames to generate depth and pose estimation. In 3D Detection module, the depth estimation is projected into 3D space to generate "Pseudo-LiDAR" point cloud, where LiDAR-based 3D detector can be leveraged on point cloud for vehicular 3D detection and localization. By end-to-end training of both modules, the proposed mapping and 3D detection method outperforms the state-of-the-art baseline by 10.0% and 13.2% in accuracy, respectively. While achieving better accuracy, our monocular multi-task SM3D is more than 2 times faster than pure stereo 3D detector, and 18.3% faster than using two modules separately.      
### 14.EAD: an ensemble approach to detect adversarial examples from the hidden features of deep neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12631.pdf)
>  One of the key challenges in Deep Learning is the definition of effective strategies for the detection of adversarial examples. To this end, we propose a novel approach named Ensemble Adversarial Detector (EAD) for the identification of adversarial examples, in a standard multiclass classification scenario. EAD combines multiple detectors that exploit distinct properties of the input instances in the internal representation of a pre-trained Deep Neural Network (DNN). Specifically, EAD integrates the state-of-the-art detectors based on Mahalanobis distance and on Local Intrinsic Dimensionality (LID) with a newly introduced method based on One-class Support Vector Machines (OSVMs). Although all constituting methods assume that the greater the distance of a test instance from the set of correctly classified training instances, the higher its probability to be an adversarial example, they differ in the way such distance is computed. In order to exploit the effectiveness of the different methods in capturing distinct properties of data distributions and, accordingly, efficiently tackle the trade-off between generalization and overfitting, EAD employs detector-specific distance scores as features of a logistic regression classifier, after independent hyperparameters optimization. We evaluated the EAD approach on distinct datasets (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and SVHN) and models (ResNet and DenseNet) and with regard to four adversarial attacks (FGSM, BIM, DeepFool and CW), also by comparing with competing approaches. Overall, we show that EAD achieves the best AUROC and AUPR in the large majority of the settings and comparable performance in the others. The improvement over the state-of-the-art, and the possibility to easily extend EAD to include any arbitrary set of detectors, pave the way to a widespread adoption of ensemble approaches in the broad field of adversarial example detection.      
### 15.Self-slimmed Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12624.pdf)
>  Vision transformers (ViTs) have become the popular structures and outperformed convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on various vision tasks. However, such powerful transformers bring a huge computation burden. And the essential barrier behind this is the exhausting token-to-token comparison. To alleviate this, we delve deeply into the model properties of ViT and observe that ViTs exhibit sparse attention with high token similarity. This intuitively introduces us a feasible structure-agnostic dimension, token number, to reduce the computational cost. Based on this exploration, we propose a generic self-slimmed learning approach for vanilla ViTs, namely SiT. Specifically, we first design a novel Token Slimming Module (TSM), which can boost the inference efficiency of ViTs by dynamic token aggregation. Different from the token hard dropping, our TSM softly integrates redundant tokens into fewer informative ones, which can dynamically zoom visual attention without cutting off discriminative token relations in the images. Furthermore, we introduce a concise Dense Knowledge Distillation (DKD) framework, which densely transfers unorganized token information in a flexible auto-encoder manner. Due to the similar structure between teacher and student, our framework can effectively leverage structure knowledge for better convergence. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments to evaluate our SiT. It demonstrates that our method can speed up ViTs by 1.7x with negligible accuracy drop, and even speed up ViTs by 3.6x while maintaining 97% of their performance. Surprisingly, by simply arming LV-ViT with our SiT, we achieve new state-of-the-art performance on ImageNet, surpassing all the CNNs and ViTs in the recent literature.      
### 16.GreedyNASv2: Greedier Search with a Greedy Path Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12609.pdf)
>  Training a good supernet in one-shot NAS methods is difficult since the search space is usually considerably huge (\eg, $13^{21}$). In order to enhance the supernet's evaluation ability, one greedy strategy is to sample good paths, and let the supernet lean towards the good ones and ease its evaluation burden as a result. However, in practice the search can be still quite inefficient since the identification of good paths is not accurate enough and sampled paths still scatter around the whole search space. In this paper, we leverage an explicit path filter to capture the characteristics of paths and directly filter those weak ones, so that the search can be thus implemented on the shrunk space more greedily and efficiently. Concretely, based on the fact that good paths are much less than the weak ones in the space, we argue that the label of ``weak paths" will be more confident and reliable than that of ``good paths" in multi-path sampling. In this way, we thus cast the training of path filter in the positive and unlabeled (PU) learning paradigm, and also encourage a \textit{path embedding} as better path/operation representation to enhance the identification capacity of the learned filter. By dint of this embedding, we can further shrink the search space by aggregating similar operations with similar embeddings, and the search can be more efficient and accurate. Extensive experiments validate the effectiveness of the proposed method GreedyNASv2. For example, our obtained GreedyNASv2-L achieves $81.1\%$ Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet dataset, significantly outperforming the ResNet-50 strong baselines.      
### 17.Cerberus Transformer: Joint Semantic, Affordance and Attribute Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12608.pdf)
>  Multi-task indoor scene understanding is widely considered as an intriguing formulation, as the affinity of different tasks may lead to improved performance. In this paper, we tackle the new problem of joint semantic, affordance and attribute parsing. However, successfully resolving it requires a model to capture long-range dependency, learn from weakly aligned data and properly balance sub-tasks during training. To this end, we propose an attention-based architecture named Cerberus and a tailored training framework. Our method effectively addresses the aforementioned challenges and achieves state-of-the-art performance on all three tasks. Moreover, an in-depth analysis shows concept affinity consistent with human cognition, which inspires us to explore the possibility of weakly supervised learning. Surprisingly, Cerberus achieves strong results using only 0.1%-1% annotation. Visualizations further confirm that this success is credited to common attention maps across tasks. Code and models can be accessed at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/OPEN-AIR-SUN/Cerberus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Hierarchical Graph-Convolutional Variational AutoEncoding for Generative Modelling of Human Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12602.pdf)
>  Models of human motion commonly focus either on trajectory prediction or action classification but rarely both. The marked heterogeneity and intricate compositionality of human motion render each task vulnerable to the data degradation and distributional shift common to real-world scenarios. A sufficiently expressive generative model of action could in theory enable data conditioning and distributional resilience within a unified framework applicable to both tasks. Here we propose a novel architecture based on hierarchical variational autoencoders and deep graph convolutional neural networks for generating a holistic model of action over multiple time-scales. We show this Hierarchical Graph-convolutional Variational Autoencoder (HG-VAE) to be capable of generating coherent actions, detecting out-of-distribution data, and imputing missing data by gradient ascent on the model's posterior. Trained and evaluated on H3.6M and the largest collection of open source human motion data, AMASS, we show HG-VAE can facilitate downstream discriminative learning better than baseline models.      
### 19.Conditional Object-Centric Learning from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12594.pdf)
>  Object-centric representations are a promising path toward more systematic generalization by providing flexible abstractions upon which compositional world models can be built. Recent work on simple 2D and 3D datasets has shown that models with object-centric inductive biases can learn to segment and represent meaningful objects from the statistical structure of the data alone without the need for any supervision. However, such fully-unsupervised methods still fail to scale to diverse realistic data, despite the use of increasingly complex inductive biases such as priors for the size of objects or the 3D geometry of the scene. In this paper, we instead take a weakly-supervised approach and focus on how 1) using the temporal dynamics of video data in the form of optical flow and 2) conditioning the model on simple object location cues can be used to enable segmenting and tracking objects in significantly more realistic synthetic data. We introduce a sequential extension to Slot Attention which we train to predict optical flow for realistic looking synthetic scenes and show that conditioning the initial state of this model on a small set of hints, such as center of mass of objects in the first frame, is sufficient to significantly improve instance segmentation. These benefits generalize beyond the training distribution to novel objects, novel backgrounds, and to longer video sequences. We also find that such initial-state-conditioning can be used during inference as a flexible interface to query the model for specific objects or parts of objects, which could pave the way for a range of weakly-supervised approaches and allow more effective interaction with trained models.      
### 20.Lepard: Learning partial point cloud matching in rigid and deformable scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12591.pdf)
>  We present Lepard, a Learning based approach for partial point cloud matching for rigid and deformable scenes. The key characteristic of Lepard is the following approaches that exploit 3D positional knowledge for point cloud matching: 1) An architecture that disentangles point cloud representation into feature space and 3D position space. 2) A position encoding method that explicitly reveals 3D relative distance information through the dot product of vectors. 3) A repositioning technique that modifies the cross-point-cloud relative positions. Ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness of the above techniques. For rigid point cloud matching, Lepard sets a new state-of-the-art on the 3DMatch / 3DLoMatch benchmarks with 93.6% / 69.0% registration recall. In deformable cases, Lepard achieves +27.1% / +34.8% higher non-rigid feature matching recall than the prior art on our newly constructed 4DMatch / 4DLoMatch benchmark.      
### 21.Optimizing Latent Space Directions For GAN-based Local Image Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12583.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) based localized image editing can suffer ambiguity between semantic attributes. We thus present a novel objective function to evaluate the locality of an image edit. By introducing the supervision from a pre-trained segmentation network and optimizing the objective function, our framework, called Locally Effective Latent Space Direction (LELSD), is applicable to any dataset and GAN architecture. Our method is also computationally fast and exhibits a high extent of disentanglement, which allows users to interactively perform a sequence of edits on an image. Our experiments on both GAN-generated and real images qualitatively demonstrate the high quality and advantages of our method.      
### 22.UDA-COPE: Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Category-level Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12580.pdf)
>  Learning to estimate object pose often requires ground-truth (GT) labels, such as CAD model and absolute-scale object pose, which is expensive and laborious to obtain in the real world. To tackle this problem, we propose an unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) for category-level object pose estimation, called \textbf{UDA-COPE}. Inspired by the recent multi-modal UDA techniques, the proposed method exploits a teacher-student self-supervised learning scheme to train a pose estimation network without using target domain labels. We also introduce a bidirectional filtering method between predicted normalized object coordinate space (NOCS) map and observed point cloud, to not only make our teacher network more robust to the target domain but also to provide more reliable pseudo labels for the student network training. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method both quantitatively and qualitatively. Notably, without leveraging target-domain GT labels, our proposed method achieves comparable or sometimes superior performance to existing methods that depend on the GT labels.      
### 23.A Method for Evaluating the Capacity of Generative Adversarial Networks to Reproduce High-order Spatial Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12577.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks are a kind of deep generative model with the potential to revolutionize biomedical imaging. This is because GANs have a learned capacity to draw whole-image variates from a lower-dimensional representation of an unknown, high-dimensional distribution that fully describes the input training images. The overarching problem with GANs in clinical applications is that there is not adequate or automatic means of assessing the diagnostic quality of images generated by GANs. In this work, we demonstrate several tests of the statistical accuracy of images output by two popular GAN architectures. We designed several stochastic object models (SOMs) of distinct features that can be recovered after generation by a trained GAN. Several of these features are high-order, algorithmic pixel-arrangement rules which are not readily expressed in covariance matrices. We designed and validated statistical classifiers to detect the known arrangement rules. We then tested the rates at which the different GANs correctly reproduced the rules under a variety of training scenarios and degrees of feature-class similarity. We found that ensembles of generated images can appear accurate visually, and correspond to low Frechet Inception Distance scores (FID), while not exhibiting the known spatial arrangements. Furthermore, GANs trained on a spectrum of distinct spatial orders did not respect the given prevalence of those orders in the training data. The main conclusion is that while low-order ensemble statistics are largely correct, there are numerous quantifiable errors per image that plausibly can affect subsequent use of the GAN-generated images.      
### 24.LDDMM meets GANs: Generative Adversarial Networks for diffeomorphic registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12544.pdf)
>  The purpose of this work is to contribute to the state of the art of deep-learning methods for diffeomorphic registration. We propose an adversarial learning LDDMM method for pairs of 3D mono-modal images based on Generative Adversarial Networks. The method is inspired by the recent literature for deformable image registration with adversarial learning. We combine the best performing generative, discriminative, and adversarial ingredients from the state of the art within the LDDMM paradigm. We have successfully implemented two models with the stationary and the EPDiff-constrained non-stationary parameterizations of diffeomorphisms. Our unsupervised and data-hungry approach has shown a competitive performance with respect to a benchmark supervised and rich-data approach. In addition, our method has shown similar results to model-based methods with a computational time under one second.      
### 25.MorphMLP: A Self-Attention Free, MLP-Like Backbone for Image and Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12527.pdf)
>  Self-attention has become an integral component of the recent network architectures, e.g., Transformer, that dominate major image and video benchmarks. This is because self-attention can flexibly model long-range information. For the same reason, researchers make attempts recently to revive Multiple Layer Perceptron (MLP) and propose a few MLP-Like architectures, showing great potential. However, the current MLP-Like architectures are not good at capturing local details and lack progressive understanding of core details in the images and/or videos. To overcome this issue, we propose a novel MorphMLP architecture that focuses on capturing local details at the low-level layers, while gradually changing to focus on long-term modeling at the high-level layers. Specifically, we design a Fully-Connected-Like layer, dubbed as MorphFC, of two morphable filters that gradually grow its receptive field along the height and width dimension. More interestingly, we propose to flexibly adapt our MorphFC layer in the video domain. To our best knowledge, we are the first to create a MLP-Like backbone for learning video representation. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on image classification, semantic segmentation and video classification. Our MorphMLP, such a self-attention free backbone, can be as powerful as and even outperform self-attention based models.      
### 26.Causality-inspired Single-source Domain Generalization for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12525.pdf)
>  Deep learning models usually suffer from domain shift issues, where models trained on one source domain do not generalize well to other unseen domains. In this work, we investigate the single-source domain generalization problem: training a deep network that is robust to unseen domains, under the condition that training data is only available from one source domain, which is common in medical imaging applications. We tackle this problem in the context of cross-domain medical image segmentation. Under this scenario, domain shifts are mainly caused by different acquisition processes. We propose a simple causality-inspired data augmentation approach to expose a segmentation model to synthesized domain-shifted training examples. Specifically, 1) to make the deep model robust to discrepancies in image intensities and textures, we employ a family of randomly-weighted shallow networks. They augment training images using diverse appearance transformations. 2) Further we show that spurious correlations among objects in an image are detrimental to domain robustness. These correlations might be taken by the network as domain-specific clues for making predictions, and they may break on unseen domains. We remove these spurious correlations via causal intervention. This is achieved by stratifying the appearances of potentially correlated objects. The proposed approach is validated on three cross-domain segmentation tasks: cross-modality (CT-MRI) abdominal image segmentation, cross-sequence (bSSFP-LGE) cardiac MRI segmentation, and cross-center prostate MRI segmentation. The proposed approach yields consistent performance gains compared with competitive methods when tested on unseen domains.      
### 27.Extracting Triangular 3D Models, Materials, and Lighting From Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12503.pdf)
>  We present an efficient method for joint optimization of topology, materials and lighting from multi-view image observations. Unlike recent multi-view reconstruction approaches, which typically produce entangled 3D representations encoded in neural networks, we output triangle meshes with spatially-varying materials and environment lighting that can be deployed in any traditional graphics engine unmodified. We leverage recent work in differentiable rendering, coordinate-based networks to compactly represent volumetric texturing, alongside differentiable marching tetrahedrons to enable gradient-based optimization directly on the surface mesh. Finally, we introduce a differentiable formulation of the split sum approximation of environment lighting to efficiently recover all-frequency lighting. Experiments show our extracted models used in advanced scene editing, material decomposition, and high quality view interpolation, all running at interactive rates in triangle-based renderers (rasterizers and path tracers).      
### 28.TriStereoNet: A Trinocular Framework for Multi-baseline Disparity Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12502.pdf)
>  Stereo vision is an effective technique for depth estimation with broad applicability in autonomous urban and highway driving. While various deep learning-based approaches have been developed for stereo, the input data from a binocular setup with a fixed baseline are limited. Addressing such a problem, we present an end-to-end network for processing the data from a trinocular setup, which is a combination of a narrow and a wide stereo pair. In this design, two pairs of binocular data with a common reference image are treated with shared weights of the network and a mid-level fusion. We also propose a Guided Addition method for merging the 4D data of the two baselines. Additionally, an iterative sequential self-supervised and supervised learning on real and synthetic datasets is presented, making the training of the trinocular system practical with no need to ground-truth data of the real dataset. Experimental results demonstrate that the trinocular disparity network surpasses the scenario where individual pairs are fed into a similar architecture. Code and dataset: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cogsys-tuebingen/tristereonet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Meta Mask Correction for Nuclei Segmentation in Histopathological Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12498.pdf)
>  Nuclei segmentation is a fundamental task in digital pathology analysis and can be automated by deep learning-based methods. However, the development of such an automated method requires a large amount of data with precisely annotated masks which is hard to obtain. Training with weakly labeled data is a popular solution for reducing the workload of annotation. In this paper, we propose a novel meta-learning-based nuclei segmentation method which follows the label correction paradigm to leverage data with noisy masks. Specifically, we design a fully conventional meta-model that can correct noisy masks using a small amount of clean meta-data. Then the corrected masks can be used to supervise the training of the segmentation model. Meanwhile, a bi-level optimization method is adopted to alternately update the parameters of the main segmentation model and the meta-model in an end-to-end way. Extensive experimental results on two nuclear segmentation datasets show that our method achieves the state-of-the-art result. It even achieves comparable performance with the model training on supervised data in some noisy settings.      
### 30.Intuitive Shape Editing in Latent Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12488.pdf)
>  The use of autoencoders for shape generation and editing suffers from manipulations in latent space that may lead to unpredictable changes in the output shape. We present an autoencoder-based method that enables intuitive shape editing in latent space by disentangling latent sub-spaces to obtain control points on the surface and style variables that can be manipulated independently. The key idea is adding a Lipschitz-type constraint to the loss function, i.e. bounding the change of the output shape proportionally to the change in latent space, leading to interpretable latent space representations. The control points on the surface can then be freely moved around, allowing for intuitive shape editing directly in latent space. We evaluate our method by comparing it to state-of-the-art data-driven shape editing methods. Besides shape manipulation, we demonstrate the expressiveness of our control points by leveraging them for unsupervised part segmentation.      
### 31.Graph Modularity: Towards Understanding the Cross-Layer Transition of Feature Representations in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12485.pdf)
>  There are good arguments to support the claim that feature representations eventually transition from general to specific in deep neural networks (DNNs), but this transition remains relatively underexplored. In this work, we move a tiny step towards understanding the transition of feature representations. We first characterize this transition by analyzing the class separation in intermediate layers, and next model the process of class separation as community evolution in dynamic graphs. Then, we introduce modularity, a common metric in graph theory, to quantify the evolution of communities. We find that modularity tends to rise as the layer goes deeper, but descends or reaches a plateau at particular layers. Through an asymptotic analysis, we show that modularity can provide quantitative analysis of the transition of the feature representations. With the insight on feature representations, we demonstrate that modularity can also be used to identify and locate redundant layers in DNNs, which provides theoretical guidance for layer pruning. Based on this inspiring finding, we propose a layer-wise pruning method based on modularity. Further experiments show that our method can prune redundant layers with minimal impact on performance. The codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yaolu-zjut/Dynamic-Graphs-Construction" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Octree Transformer: Autoregressive 3D Shape Generation on Hierarchically Structured Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12480.pdf)
>  Autoregressive models have proven to be very powerful in NLP text generation tasks and lately have gained popularity for image generation as well. However, they have seen limited use for the synthesis of 3D shapes so far. This is mainly due to the lack of a straightforward way to linearize 3D data as well as to scaling problems with the length of the resulting sequences when describing complex shapes. In this work we address both of these problems. We use octrees as a compact hierarchical shape representation that can be sequentialized by traversal ordering. Moreover, we introduce an adaptive compression scheme, that significantly reduces sequence lengths and thus enables their effective generation with a transformer, while still allowing fully autoregressive sampling and parallel training. We demonstrate the performance of our model by comparing against the state-of-the-art in shape generation.      
### 33.Hierarchical Modular Network for Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12476.pdf)
>  Video captioning aims to generate natural language descriptions according to the content, where representation learning plays a crucial role. Existing methods are mainly developed within the supervised learning framework via word-by-word comparison of the generated caption against the ground-truth text without fully exploiting linguistic semantics. In this work, we propose a hierarchical modular network to bridge video representations and linguistic semantics from three levels before generating captions. In particular, the hierarchy is composed of: (I) Entity level, which highlights objects that are most likely to be mentioned in captions. (II) Predicate level, which learns the actions conditioned on highlighted objects and is supervised by the predicate in captions. (III) Sentence level, which learns the global semantic representation and is supervised by the whole caption. Each level is implemented by one module. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art models on the two widely-used benchmarks: MSVD 104.0% and MSR-VTT 51.5% in CIDEr score.      
### 34.Introduction to Presentation Attack Detection in Iris Biometrics and Recent Advances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12465.pdf)
>  Iris recognition technology has attracted an increasing interest in the last decades in which we have witnessed a migration from research laboratories to real world applications. The deployment of this technology raises questions about the main vulnerabilities and security threats related to these systems. Among these threats presentation attacks stand out as some of the most relevant and studied. Presentation attacks can be defined as presentation of human characteristics or artifacts directly to the capture device of a biometric system trying to interfere its normal operation. In the case of the iris, these attacks include the use of real irises as well as artifacts with different level of sophistication such as photographs or videos. This chapter introduces iris Presentation Attack Detection (PAD) methods that have been developed to reduce the risk posed by presentation attacks. First, we summarise the most popular types of attacks including the main challenges to address. Secondly, we present a taxonomy of Presentation Attack Detection methods as a brief introduction to this very active research area. Finally, we discuss the integration of these methods into Iris Recognition Systems according to the most important scenarios of practical application.      
### 35.ViCE: Self-Supervised Visual Concept Embeddings as Contextual and Pixel Appearance Invariant Semantic Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12460.pdf)
>  This work presents a self-supervised method to learn dense semantically rich visual concept embeddings for images inspired by methods for learning word embeddings in NLP. Our method improves on prior work by generating more expressive embeddings and by being applicable for high-resolution images. Viewing the generation of natural images as a stochastic process where a set of latent visual concepts give rise to observable pixel appearances, our method is formulated to learn the inverse mapping from pixels to concepts. Our method greatly improves the effectiveness of self-supervised learning for dense embedding maps by introducing superpixelization as a natural hierarchical step up from pixels to a small set of visually coherent regions. Additional contributions are regional contextual masking with nonuniform shapes matching visually coherent patches and complexity-based view sampling inspired by masked language models. The enhanced expressiveness of our dense embeddings is demonstrated by significantly improving the state-of-the-art representation quality benchmarks on COCO (+12.94 mIoU, +87.6\%) and Cityscapes (+16.52 mIoU, +134.2\%). Results show favorable scaling and domain generalization properties not demonstrated by prior work.      
### 36.Background-Click Supervision for Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12449.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised temporal action localization aims at learning the instance-level action pattern from the video-level labels, where a significant challenge is action-context confusion. To overcome this challenge, one recent work builds an action-click supervision framework. It requires similar annotation costs but can steadily improve the localization performance when compared to the conventional weakly supervised methods. In this paper, by revealing that the performance bottleneck of the existing approaches mainly comes from the background errors, we find that a stronger action localizer can be trained with labels on the background video frames rather than those on the action frames. To this end, we convert the action-click supervision to the background-click supervision and develop a novel method, called BackTAL. Specifically, BackTAL implements two-fold modeling on the background video frames, i.e. the position modeling and the feature modeling. In position modeling, we not only conduct supervised learning on the annotated video frames but also design a score separation module to enlarge the score differences between the potential action frames and backgrounds. In feature modeling, we propose an affinity module to measure frame-specific similarities among neighboring frames and dynamically attend to informative neighbors when calculating temporal convolution. Extensive experiments on three benchmarks are conducted, which demonstrate the high performance of the established BackTAL and the rationality of the proposed background-click supervision. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VividLe/BackTAL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.3D Shape Variational Autoencoder Latent Disentanglement via Mini-Batch Feature Swapping for Bodies and Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12448.pdf)
>  Learning a disentangled, interpretable, and structured latent representation in 3D generative models of faces and bodies is still an open problem. The problem is particularly acute when control over identity features is required. In this paper, we propose an intuitive yet effective self-supervised approach to train a 3D shape variational autoencoder (VAE) which encourages a disentangled latent representation of identity features. Curating the mini-batch generation by swapping arbitrary features across different shapes allows to define a loss function leveraging known differences and similarities in the latent representations. Experimental results conducted on 3D meshes show that state-of-the-art methods for latent disentanglement are not able to disentangle identity features of faces and bodies. Our proposed method properly decouples the generation of such features while maintaining good representation and reconstruction capabilities.      
### 38.NAM: Normalization-based Attention Module  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12419.pdf)
>  Recognizing less salient features is the key for model compression. However, it has not been investigated in the revolutionary attention mechanisms. In this work, we propose a novel normalization-based attention module (NAM), which suppresses less salient weights. It applies a weight sparsity penalty to the attention modules, thus, making them more computational efficient while retaining similar performance. A comparison with three other attention mechanisms on both Resnet and Mobilenet indicates that our method results in higher accuracy. Code for this paper can be publicly accessed at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Christian-lyc/NAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.NWA: Visual Synthesis Pre-training for Neural visUal World creAtion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12417.pdf)
>  This paper presents a unified multimodal pre-trained model called NWA that can generate new or manipulate existing visual data (i.e., images and videos) for various visual synthesis tasks. To cover language, image, and video at the same time for different scenarios, a 3D transformer encoder-decoder framework is designed, which can not only deal with videos as 3D data but also adapt to texts and images as 1D and 2D data, respectively. A 3D Nearby Attention (3DNA) mechanism is also proposed to consider the nature of the visual data and reduce the computational complexity. We evaluate NWA on 8 downstream tasks. Compared to several strong baselines, NWA achieves state-of-the-art results on text-to-image generation, text-to-video generation, video prediction, etc. Furthermore, it also shows surprisingly good zero-shot capabilities on text-guided image and video manipulation tasks. Project repo is <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/NUWA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.Auto robust relative radiometric normalization via latent change noise modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12406.pdf)
>  Relative radiometric normalization(RRN) of different satellite images of the same terrain is necessary for change detection, object classification/segmentation, and map-making tasks. However, traditional RRN models are not robust, disturbing by object change, and RRN models precisely considering object change can not robustly obtain the no-change set. This paper proposes auto robust relative radiometric normalization methods via latent change noise modeling. They utilize the prior knowledge that no change points possess small-scale noise under relative radiometric normalization and that change points possess large-scale radiometric noise after radiometric normalization, combining the stochastic expectation maximization method to quickly and robustly extract the no-change set to learn the relative radiometric normalization mapping functions. This makes our model theoretically grounded regarding the probabilistic theory and mathematics deduction. Specifically, when we select histogram matching as the relative radiometric normalization learning scheme integrating with the mixture of Gaussian noise(HM-RRN-MoG), the HM-RRN-MoG model achieves the best performance. Our model possesses the ability to robustly against clouds/fogs/changes. Our method naturally generates a robust evaluation indicator for RRN that is the no-change set root mean square error. We apply the HM-RRN-MoG model to the latter vegetation/water change detection task, which reduces the radiometric contrast and NDVI/NDWI differences on the no-change set, generates consistent and comparable results. We utilize the no-change set into the building change detection task, efficiently reducing the pseudo-change and boosting the precision.      
### 41.An Attack on Feature Level-based Facial Soft-biometric Privacy Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12405.pdf)
>  In the recent past, different researchers have proposed novel privacy-enhancing face recognition systems designed to conceal soft-biometric information at feature level. These works have reported impressive results, but usually do not consider specific attacks in their analysis of privacy protection. In most cases, the privacy protection capabilities of these schemes are tested through simple machine learning-based classifiers and visualisations of dimensionality reduction tools. In this work, we introduce an attack on feature level-based facial soft-biometric privacy-enhancement techniques. The attack is based on two observations: (1) to achieve high recognition accuracy, certain similarities between facial representations have to be retained in their privacy-enhanced versions; (2) highly similar facial representations usually originate from face images with similar soft-biometric attributes. Based on these observations, the proposed attack compares a privacy-enhanced face representation against a set of privacy-enhanced face representations with known soft-biometric attributes. Subsequently, the best obtained similarity scores are analysed to infer the unknown soft-biometric attributes of the attacked privacy-enhanced face representation. That is, the attack only requires a relatively small database of arbitrary face images and the privacy-enhancing face recognition algorithm as a black-box. In the experiments, the attack is applied to two representative approaches which have previously been reported to reliably conceal the gender in privacy-enhanced face representations. It is shown that the presented attack is able to circumvent the privacy enhancement to a considerable degree and is able to correctly classify gender with an accuracy of up to approximately 90% for both of the analysed privacy-enhancing face recognition systems.      
### 42.Track Boosting and Synthetic Data Aided Drone Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12389.pdf)
>  As the usage of drones increases with lowered costs and improved drone technology, drone detection emerges as a vital object detection task. However, detecting distant drones under unfavorable conditions, namely weak contrast, long-range, low visibility, requires effective algorithms. Our method approaches the drone detection problem by fine-tuning a YOLOv5 model with real and synthetically generated data using a Kalman-based object tracker to boost detection confidence. Our results indicate that augmenting the real data with an optimal subset of synthetic data can increase the performance. Moreover, temporal information gathered by object tracking methods can increase performance further.      
### 43.One to Transfer All: A Universal Transfer Framework for Vision Foundation Model with Few Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12386.pdf)
>  The foundation model is not the last chapter of the model production pipeline. Transferring with few data in a general way to thousands of downstream tasks is becoming a trend of the foundation model's application. In this paper, we proposed a universal transfer framework: One to Transfer All (OTA) to transfer any Vision Foundation Model (VFM) to any downstream tasks with few downstream data. We first transfer a VFM to a task-specific model by Image Re-representation Fine-tuning (IRF) then distilling knowledge from a task-specific model to a deployed model with data produced by Downstream Image-Guided Generation (DIGG). OTA has no dependency on upstream data, VFM, and downstream tasks when transferring. It also provides a way for VFM researchers to release their upstream information for better transferring but not leaking data due to privacy requirements. Massive experiments validate the effectiveness and superiority of our methods in few data setting. Our code will be released.      
### 44.Space-Partitioning RANSAC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12385.pdf)
>  A new algorithm is proposed to accelerate RANSAC model quality calculations. The method is based on partitioning the joint correspondence space, e.g., 2D-2D point correspondences, into a pair of regular grids. The grid cells are mapped by minimal sample models, estimated within RANSAC, to reject correspondences that are inconsistent with the model parameters early. The proposed technique is general. It works with arbitrary transformations even if a point is mapped to a point set, e.g., as a fundamental matrix maps to epipolar lines. The method is tested on thousands of image pairs from publicly available datasets on fundamental and essential matrix, homography and radially distorted homography estimation. On average, it reduces the RANSAC run-time by 41% with provably no deterioration in the accuracy. It can be straightforwardly plugged into state-of-the-art RANSAC frameworks, e.g. VSAC.      
### 45.Efficient Anomaly Detection Using Self-Supervised Multi-Cue Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12379.pdf)
>  Deep anomaly detection has proven to be an efficient and robust approach in several fields. The introduction of self-supervised learning has greatly helped many methods including anomaly detection where simple geometric transformation recognition tasks are used. However these methods do not perform well on fine-grained problems since they lack finer features and are usually highly dependent on the anomaly type. In this paper, we explore each step of self-supervised anomaly detection with pretext tasks. First, we introduce novel discriminative and generative tasks which focus on different visual cues. A piece-wise jigsaw puzzle task focuses on structure cues, while a tint rotation recognition is used on each piece for colorimetry and a partial re-colorization task is performed. In order for the re-colorization task to focus more on the object rather than on the background, we propose to include the contextual color information of the image border. Then, we present a new out-of-distribution detection function and highlight its better stability compared to other out-of-distribution detection methods. Along with it, we also experiment different score fusion functions. Finally, we evaluate our method on a comprehensive anomaly detection protocol composed of object anomalies with classical object recognition, style anomalies with fine-grained classification and local anomalies with face anti-spoofing datasets. Our model can more accurately learn highly discriminative features using these self-supervised tasks. It outperforms state-of-the-art with up to 36% relative error improvement on object anomalies and 40% on face anti-spoofing problems.      
### 46.Human Activity Recognition Using 3D Orthogonally-projected EfficientNet on Radar Time-Range-Doppler Signature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12375.pdf)
>  In radar activity recognition, 2D signal representations such as spectrogram, cepstrum and cadence velocity diagram are often utilized, while range information is often neglected. In this work, we propose to utilize the 3D time-range-Doppler (TRD) representation, and design a 3D Orthogonally-Projected EfficientNet (3D-OPEN) to effectively capture the discriminant information embedded in the 3D TRD cubes for accurate classification. The proposed model aggregates the discriminant information from three orthogonal planes projected from the 3D feature space. It alleviates the difficulty of 3D CNNs in exploiting sparse semantic abstractions directly from the high-dimensional 3D representation. The proposed method is evaluated on the Millimeter-Wave Radar Walking Dataset. It significantly and consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for radar activity recognition.      
### 47.MM-Pyramid: Multimodal Pyramid Attentional Network for Audio-Visual Event Localization and Video Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12374.pdf)
>  Recognizing and localizing events in videos is a fundamental task for video understanding. Since events may occur in auditory and visual modalities, multimodal detailed perception is essential for complete scene comprehension. Most previous works attempted to analyze videos from a holistic perspective. However, they do not consider semantic information at multiple scales, which makes the model difficult to localize events in various lengths. In this paper, we present a Multimodal Pyramid Attentional Network (MM-Pyramid) that captures and integrates multi-level temporal features for audio-visual event localization and audio-visual video parsing. Specifically, we first propose the attentive feature pyramid module. This module captures temporal pyramid features via several stacking pyramid units, each of them is composed of a fixed-size attention block and dilated convolution block. We also design an adaptive semantic fusion module, which leverages a unit-level attention block and a selective fusion block to integrate pyramid features interactively. Extensive experiments on audio-visual event localization and weakly-supervised audio-visual video parsing tasks verify the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 48.SPCL: A New Framework for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation via Semantic Prototype-based Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12358.pdf)
>  Although there is significant progress in supervised semantic segmentation, it remains challenging to deploy the segmentation models to unseen domains due to domain biases. Domain adaptation can help in this regard by transferring knowledge from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Previous methods typically attempt to perform the adaptation on global features, however, the local semantic affiliations accounting for each pixel in the feature space are often ignored, resulting in less discriminability. To solve this issue, we propose a novel semantic prototype-based contrastive learning framework for fine-grained class alignment. Specifically, the semantic prototypes provide supervisory signals for per-pixel discriminative representation learning and each pixel of source and target domains in the feature space is required to reflect the content of the corresponding semantic prototype. In this way, our framework is able to explicitly make intra-class pixel representations closer and inter-class pixel representations further apart to improve the robustness of the segmentation model as well as alleviate the domain shift problem. Our method is easy to implement and attains superior results compared to state-of-the-art approaches, as is demonstrated with a number of experiments. The code is publicly available at [this https URL](<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BinhuiXie/SPCL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 49.Decoupling Visual-Semantic Feature Learning for Robust Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12351.pdf)
>  Semantic information has been proved effective in scene text recognition. Most existing methods tend to couple both visual and semantic information in an attention-based decoder. As a result, the learning of semantic features is prone to have a bias on the limited vocabulary of the training set, which is called vocabulary reliance. In this paper, we propose a novel Visual-Semantic Decoupling Network (VSDN) to address the problem. Our VSDN contains a Visual Decoder (VD) and a Semantic Decoder (SD) to learn purer visual and semantic feature representation respectively. Besides, a Semantic Encoder (SE) is designed to match SD, which can be pre-trained together by additional inexpensive large vocabulary via a simple word correction task. Thus the semantic feature is more unbiased and precise to guide the visual feature alignment and enrich the final character representation. Experiments show that our method achieves state-of-the-art or competitive results on the standard benchmarks, and outperforms the popular baseline by a large margin under circumstances where the training set has a small size of vocabulary.      
### 50.Arbitrary Virtual Try-On Network: Characteristics Preservation and Trade-off between Body and Clothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12346.pdf)
>  Deep learning based virtual try-on system has achieved some encouraging progress recently, but there still remain several big challenges that need to be solved, such as trying on arbitrary clothes of all types, trying on the clothes from one category to another and generating image-realistic results with few artifacts. To handle this issue, we in this paper first collect a new dataset with all types of clothes, \ie tops, bottoms, and whole clothes, each one has multiple categories with rich information of clothing characteristics such as patterns, logos, and other details. Based on this dataset, we then propose the Arbitrary Virtual Try-On Network (AVTON) that is utilized for all-type clothes, which can synthesize realistic try-on images by preserving and trading off characteristics of the target clothes and the reference person. Our approach includes three modules: 1) Limbs Prediction Module, which is utilized for predicting the human body parts by preserving the characteristics of the reference person. This is especially good for handling cross-category try-on task (\eg long sleeves \(\leftrightarrow\) short sleeves or long pants \(\leftrightarrow\) skirts, \etc), where the exposed arms or legs with the skin colors and details can be reasonably predicted; 2) Improved Geometric Matching Module, which is designed to warp clothes according to the geometry of the target person. We improve the TPS based warping method with a compactly supported radial function (Wendland's \(\Psi\)-function); 3) Trade-Off Fusion Module, which is to trade off the characteristics of the warped clothes and the reference person. This module is to make the generated try-on images look more natural and realistic based on a fine-tune symmetry of the network structure. Extensive simulations are conducted and our approach can achieve better performance compared with the state-of-the-art virtual try-on methods.      
### 51.EvDistill: Asynchronous Events to End-task Learning via Bidirectional Reconstruction-guided Cross-modal Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12341.pdf)
>  Event cameras sense per-pixel intensity changes and produce asynchronous event streams with high dynamic range and less motion blur, showing advantages over conventional cameras. A hurdle of training event-based models is the lack of large qualitative labeled data. Prior works learning end-tasks mostly rely on labeled or pseudo-labeled datasets obtained from the active pixel sensor (APS) frames; however, such datasets' quality is far from rivaling those based on the canonical images. In this paper, we propose a novel approach, called \textbf{EvDistill}, to learn a student network on the unlabeled and unpaired event data (target modality) via knowledge distillation (KD) from a teacher network trained with large-scale, labeled image data (source modality). To enable KD across the unpaired modalities, we first propose a bidirectional modality reconstruction (BMR) module to bridge both modalities and simultaneously exploit them to distill knowledge via the crafted pairs, causing no extra computation in the inference. The BMR is improved by the end-tasks and KD losses in an end-to-end manner. Second, we leverage the structural similarities of both modalities and adapt the knowledge by matching their distributions. Moreover, as most prior feature KD methods are uni-modality and less applicable to our problem, we propose to leverage an affinity graph KD loss to boost the distillation. Our extensive experiments on semantic segmentation and object recognition demonstrate that EvDistill achieves significantly better results than the prior works and KD with only events and APS frames.      
### 52.Hidden-Fold Networks: Random Recurrent Residuals Using Sparse Supermasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12330.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are so over-parametrized that recent research has found them to already contain a subnetwork with high accuracy at their randomly initialized state. Finding these subnetworks is a viable alternative training method to weight learning. In parallel, another line of work has hypothesized that deep residual networks (ResNets) are trying to approximate the behaviour of shallow recurrent neural networks (RNNs) and has proposed a way for compressing them into recurrent models. This paper proposes blending these lines of research into a highly compressed yet accurate model: Hidden-Fold Networks (HFNs). By first folding ResNet into a recurrent structure and then searching for an accurate subnetwork hidden within the randomly initialized model, a high-performing yet tiny HFN is obtained without ever updating the weights. As a result, HFN achieves equivalent performance to ResNet50 on CIFAR100 while occupying 38.5x less memory, and similar performance to ResNet34 on ImageNet with a memory size 26.8x smaller. The HFN will become even more attractive by minimizing data transfers while staying accurate when it runs on highly-quantized and randomly-weighted DNN inference accelerators. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Lopez-Angel/hidden-fold-networks" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 53.MonoPLFlowNet: Permutohedral Lattice FlowNet for Real-Scale 3D Scene FlowEstimation with Monocular Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12325.pdf)
>  Real-scale scene flow estimation has become increasingly important for 3D computer vision. Some works successfully estimate real-scale 3D scene flow with LiDAR. However, these ubiquitous and expensive sensors are still unlikely to be equipped widely for real application. Other works use monocular images to estimate scene flow, but their scene flow estimations are normalized with scale ambiguity, where additional depth or point cloud ground truth are required to recover the real scale. Even though they perform well in 2D, these works do not provide accurate and reliable 3D estimates. We present a deep learning architecture on permutohedral lattice - MonoPLFlowNet. Different from all previous works, our MonoPLFlowNet is the first work where only two consecutive monocular images are used as input, while both depth and 3D scene flow are estimated in real scale. Our real-scale scene flow estimation outperforms all state-of-the-art monocular-image based works recovered to real scale by ground truth, and is comparable to LiDAR approaches. As a by-product, our real-scale depth estimation also outperforms other state-of-the-art works.      
### 54.Consistency Regularization for Deep Face Anti-Spoofing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12320.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing (FAS) plays a crucial role in securing face recognition systems. Empirically, given an image, a model with more consistent output on different views of this image usually performs better, as shown in Fig.1. Motivated by this exciting observation, we conjecture that encouraging feature consistency of different views may be a promising way to boost FAS models. In this paper, we explore this way thoroughly by enhancing both Embedding-level and Prediction-level Consistency Regularization (EPCR) in FAS. Specifically, at the embedding-level, we design a dense similarity loss to maximize the similarities between all positions of two intermediate feature maps in a self-supervised fashion; while at the prediction-level, we optimize the mean square error between the predictions of two views. Notably, our EPCR is free of annotations and can directly integrate into semi-supervised learning schemes. Considering different application scenarios, we further design five diverse semi-supervised protocols to measure semi-supervised FAS techniques. We conduct extensive experiments to show that EPCR can significantly improve the performance of several supervised and semi-supervised tasks on benchmark datasets. The codes and protocols will be released soon.      
### 55.Dynamic Texture Recognition using PDV Hashing and Dictionary Learning on Multi-scale Volume Local Binary Pattern  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12315.pdf)
>  Spatial-temporal local binary pattern (STLBP) has been widely used in dynamic texture recognition. STLBP often encounters the high-dimension problem as its dimension increases exponentially, so that STLBP could only utilize a small neighborhood. To tackle this problem, we propose a method for dynamic texture recognition using PDV hashing and dictionary learning on multi-scale volume local binary pattern (PHD-MVLBP). Instead of forming very high-dimensional LBP histogram features, it first uses hash functions to map the pixel difference vectors (PDVs) to binary vectors, then forms a dictionary using the derived binary vector, and encodes them using the derived dictionary. In such a way, the PDVs are mapped to feature vectors of the size of dictionary, instead of LBP histograms of very high dimension. Such an encoding scheme could extract the discriminant information from videos in a much larger neighborhood effectively. The experimental results on two widely-used dynamic textures datasets, DynTex++ and UCLA, show the superiority performance of the proposed approach over the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 56.RegionCL: Can Simple Region Swapping Contribute to Contrastive Learning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12309.pdf)
>  Self-supervised methods (SSL) have achieved significant success via maximizing the mutual information between two augmented views, where cropping is a popular augmentation technique. Cropped regions are widely used to construct positive pairs, while the left regions after cropping have rarely been explored in existing methods, although they together constitute the same image instance and both contribute to the description of the category. In this paper, we make the first attempt to demonstrate the importance of both regions in cropping from a complete perspective and propose a simple yet effective pretext task called Region Contrastive Learning (RegionCL). Specifically, given two different images, we randomly crop a region (called the paste view) from each image with the same size and swap them to compose two new images together with the left regions (called the canvas view), respectively. Then, contrastive pairs can be efficiently constructed according to the following simple criteria, i.e., each view is (1) positive with views augmented from the same original image and (2) negative with views augmented from other images. With minor modifications to popular SSL methods, RegionCL exploits those abundant pairs and helps the model distinguish the regions features from both canvas and paste views, therefore learning better visual representations. Experiments on ImageNet, MS COCO, and Cityscapes demonstrate that RegionCL improves MoCo v2, DenseCL, and SimSiam by large margins and achieves state-of-the-art performance on classification, detection, and segmentation tasks. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Annbless/RegionCL.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.One-shot Visual Reasoning on RPMs with an Application to Video Frame Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12301.pdf)
>  Raven's Progressive Matrices (RPMs) are frequently used in evaluating human's visual reasoning ability. Researchers have made considerable effort in developing a system which could automatically solve the RPM problem, often through a black-box end-to-end Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for both visual recognition and logical reasoning tasks. Towards the objective of developing a highly explainable solution, we propose a One-shot Human-Understandable ReaSoner (Os-HURS), which is a two-step framework including a perception module and a reasoning module, to tackle the challenges of real-world visual recognition and subsequent logical reasoning tasks, respectively. For the reasoning module, we propose a "2+1" formulation that can be better understood by humans and significantly reduces the model complexity. As a result, a precise reasoning rule can be deduced from one RPM sample only, which is not feasible for existing solution methods. The proposed reasoning module is also capable of yielding a set of reasoning rules, precisely modeling the human knowledge in solving the RPM problem. To validate the proposed method on real-world applications, an RPM-like One-shot Frame-prediction (ROF) dataset is constructed, where visual reasoning is conducted on RPMs constructed using real-world video frames instead of synthetic images. Experimental results on various RPM-like datasets demonstrate that the proposed Os-HURS achieves a significant and consistent performance gain compared with the state-of-the-art models.      
### 58.Spatial-context-aware deep neural network for multi-class image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12296.pdf)
>  Multi-label image classification is a fundamental but challenging task in computer vision. Over the past few decades, solutions exploring relationships between semantic labels have made great progress. However, the underlying spatial-contextual information of labels is under-exploited. To tackle this problem, a spatial-context-aware deep neural network is proposed to predict labels taking into account both semantic and spatial information. This proposed framework is evaluated on Microsoft COCO and PASCAL VOC, two widely used benchmark datasets for image multi-labelling. The results show that the proposed approach is superior to the state-of-the-art solutions on dealing with the multi-label image classification problem.      
### 59.An Image Patch is a Wave: Phase-Aware Vision MLP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12294.pdf)
>  Different from traditional convolutional neural network (CNN) and vision transformer, the multilayer perceptron (MLP) is a new kind of vision model with extremely simple architecture that only stacked by fully-connected layers. An input image of vision MLP is usually split into multiple tokens (patches), while the existing MLP models directly aggregate them with fixed weights, neglecting the varying semantic information of tokens from different images. To dynamically aggregate tokens, we propose to represent each token as a wave function with two parts, amplitude and phase. Amplitude is the original feature and the phase term is a complex value changing according to the semantic contents of input images. Introducing the phase term can dynamically modulate the relationship between tokens and fixed weights in MLP. Based on the wave-like token representation, we establish a novel Wave-MLP architecture for vision tasks. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed Wave-MLP is superior to the state-of-the-art MLP architectures on various vision tasks such as image classification, object detection and semantic segmentation.      
### 60.PTQ4ViT: Post-Training Quantization Framework for Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12293.pdf)
>  Quantization is one of the most effective methods to compress neural networks, which has achieved great success on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Recently, vision transformers have demonstrated great potential in computer vision. However, previous post-training quantization methods performed not well on vision transformer, resulting in more than 1% accuracy drop even in 8-bit quantization. Therefore, we analyze the problems of quantization on vision transformers. We observe the distributions of activation values after softmax and GELU functions are quite different from the Gaussian distribution. We also observe that common quantization metrics, such as MSE and cosine distance, are inaccurate to determine the optimal scaling factor. In this paper, we propose the twin uniform quantization method to reduce the quantization error on these activation values. And we propose to use a Hessian guided metric to evaluate different scaling factors, which improves the accuracy of calibration with a small cost. To enable the fast quantization of vision transformers, we develop an efficient framework, PTQ4ViT. Experiments show the quantized vision transformers achieve near-lossless prediction accuracy (less than 0.5% drop at 8-bit quantization) on the ImageNet classification task.      
### 61.Improved Fine-tuning by Leveraging Pre-training Data: Theory and Practice  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12292.pdf)
>  As a dominant paradigm, fine-tuning a pre-trained model on the target data is widely used in many deep learning applications, especially for small data sets. However, recent studies have empirically shown that training from scratch has the final performance that is no worse than this pre-training strategy once the number of training iterations is increased in some vision tasks. In this work, we revisit this phenomenon from the perspective of generalization analysis which is popular in learning theory. Our result reveals that the final prediction precision may have a weak dependency on the pre-trained model especially in the case of large training iterations. The observation inspires us to leverage pre-training data for fine-tuning, since this data is also available for fine-tuning. The generalization result of using pre-training data shows that the final performance on a target task can be improved when the appropriate pre-training data is included in fine-tuning. With the insight of the theoretical finding, we propose a novel selection strategy to select a subset from pre-training data to help improve the generalization on the target task. Extensive experimental results for image classification tasks on 8 benchmark data sets verify the effectiveness of the proposed data selection based fine-tuning pipeline.      
### 62.Attention-based Dual-stream Vision Transformer for Radar Gait Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12290.pdf)
>  Radar gait recognition is robust to light variations and less infringement on privacy. Previous studies often utilize either spectrograms or cadence velocity diagrams. While the former shows the time-frequency patterns, the latter encodes the repetitive frequency patterns. In this work, a dual-stream neural network with attention-based fusion is proposed to fully aggregate the discriminant information from these two representations. The both streams are designed based on the Vision Transformer, which well captures the gait characteristics embedded in these representations. The proposed method is validated on a large benchmark dataset for radar gait recognition, which shows that it significantly outperforms state-of-the-art solutions.      
### 63.Real-time smart vehicle surveillance system  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12289.pdf)
>  Over the last decade, there has been a spike in criminal activity all around the globe. According to the Indian police department, vehicle theft is one of the least solved offenses, and almost 19% of all recorded cases are related to motor vehicle theft. To overcome these adversaries, we propose a real-time vehicle surveillance system, which detects and tracks the suspect vehicle using the CCTV video feed. The proposed system extracts various attributes of the vehicle such as Make, Model, Color, License plate number, and type of the license plate. Various image processing and deep learning algorithms are employed to meet the objectives of the proposed system. The extracted features can be used as evidence to report violations of law. Although the system uses more parameters, it is still able to make real time predictions with minimal latency and accuracy loss.      
### 64.Utilizing Resource-Rich Language Datasets for End-to-End Scene Text Recognition in Resource-Poor Languages  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12276.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel training method for end-to-end scene text recognition. End-to-end scene text recognition offers high recognition accuracy, especially when using the encoder-decoder model based on Transformer. To train a highly accurate end-to-end model, we need to prepare a large image-to-text paired dataset for the target language. However, it is difficult to collect this data, especially for resource-poor languages. To overcome this difficulty, our proposed method utilizes well-prepared large datasets in resource-rich languages such as English, to train the resource-poor encoder-decoder model. Our key idea is to build a model in which the encoder reflects knowledge of multiple languages while the decoder specializes in knowledge of just the resource-poor language. To this end, the proposed method pre-trains the encoder by using a multilingual dataset that combines the resource-poor language's dataset and the resource-rich language's dataset to learn language-invariant knowledge for scene text recognition. The proposed method also pre-trains the decoder by using the resource-poor language's dataset to make the decoder better suited to the resource-poor language. Experiments on Japanese scene text recognition using a small, publicly available dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 65.Sharpness-aware Quantization for Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12273.pdf)
>  Network quantization is an effective compression method to reduce the model size and computational cost. Despite the high compression ratio, training a low-precision model is difficult due to the discrete and non-differentiable nature of quantization, resulting in considerable performance degradation. Recently, Sharpness-Aware Minimization (SAM) is proposed to improve the generalization performance of the models by simultaneously minimizing the loss value and the loss curvature. In this paper, we devise a Sharpness-Aware Quantization (SAQ) method to train quantized models, leading to better generalization performance. Moreover, since each layer contributes differently to the loss value and the loss sharpness of a network, we further devise an effective method that learns a configuration generator to automatically determine the bitwidth configurations of each layer, encouraging lower bits for flat regions and vice versa for sharp landscapes, while simultaneously promoting the flatness of minima to enable more aggressive quantization. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-100 and ImageNet show the superior performance of the proposed methods. For example, our quantized ResNet-18 with 55.1x Bit-Operation (BOP) reduction even outperforms the full-precision one by 0.7% in terms of the Top-1 accuracy. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhuang-group/SAQ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.Distribution Estimation to Automate Transformation Policies for Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12265.pdf)
>  In recent visual self-supervision works, an imitated classification objective, called pretext task, is established by assigning labels to transformed or augmented input images. The goal of pretext can be predicting what transformations are applied to the image. However, it is observed that image transformations already present in the dataset might be less effective in learning such self-supervised representations. Building on this observation, we propose a framework based on generative adversarial network to automatically find the transformations which are not present in the input dataset and thus effective for the self-supervised learning. This automated policy allows to estimate the transformation distribution of a dataset and also construct its complementary distribution from which training pairs are sampled for the pretext task. We evaluated our framework using several visual recognition datasets to show the efficacy of our automated transformation policy.      
### 67.Pixel-wise Energy-biased Abstention Learning for Anomaly Segmentation on Complex Urban Driving Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12264.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art (SOTA) anomaly segmentation approaches on complex urban driving scenes explore pixel-wise classification uncertainty learned from outlier exposure, or external reconstruction models. However, previous uncertainty approaches that directly associate high uncertainty to anomaly may sometimes lead to incorrect anomaly predictions, and external reconstruction models tend to be too inefficient for real-time self-driving embedded systems. In this paper, we propose a new anomaly segmentation method, named pixel-wise energy-biased abstention learning (PEBAL), that explores pixel-wise abstention learning (AL) with a model that learns an adaptive pixel-level anomaly class, and an energy-based model (EBM) that learns inlier pixel distribution. More specifically, PEBAL is based on a non-trivial joint training of EBM and AL, where EBM is trained to output high-energy for anomaly pixels (from outlier exposure) and AL is trained such that these high-energy pixels receive adaptive low penalty for being included to the anomaly class. We extensively evaluate PEBAL against the SOTA and show that it achieves the best performance across four benchmarks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tianyu0207/PEBAL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.APANet: Adaptive Prototypes Alignment Network for Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12263.pdf)
>  Few-shot semantic segmentation aims to segment novel-class objects in a given query image with only a few labeled support images. Most advanced solutions exploit a metric learning framework that performs segmentation through matching each query feature to a learned class-specific prototype. However, this framework suffers from biased classification due to incomplete feature comparisons. To address this issue, we present an adaptive prototype representation by introducing class-specific and class-agnostic prototypes and thus construct complete sample pairs for learning semantic alignment with query features. The complementary features learning manner effectively enriches feature comparison and helps yield an unbiased segmentation model in the few-shot setting. It is implemented with a two-branch end-to-end network (\ie, a class-specific branch and a class-agnostic branch), which generates prototypes and then combines query features to perform comparisons. In addition, the proposed class-agnostic branch is simple yet effective. In practice, it can adaptively generate multiple class-agnostic prototypes for query images and learn feature alignment in a self-contrastive manner. Extensive experiments on PASCAL-5$^i$ and COCO-20$^i$ demonstrate the superiority of our method. At no expense of inference efficiency, our model achieves state-of-the-art results in both 1-shot and 5-shot settings for semantic segmentation.      
### 69.PU-Transformer: Point Cloud Upsampling Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12242.pdf)
>  Given the rapid development of 3D scanners, point clouds are becoming popular in AI-driven machines. However, point cloud data is inherently sparse and irregular, causing major difficulties for machine perception. In this work, we focus on the point cloud upsampling task that intends to generate dense high-fidelity point clouds from sparse input data. Specifically, to activate the transformer's strong capability in representing features, we develop a new variant of a multi-head self-attention structure to enhance both point-wise and channel-wise relations of the feature map. In addition, we leverage a positional fusion block to comprehensively capture the local context of point cloud data, providing more position-related information about the scattered points. As the first transformer model introduced for point cloud upsampling, we demonstrate the outstanding performance of our approach by comparing with the state-of-the-art CNN-based methods on different benchmarks quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 70.Scaling Up Vision-Language Pre-training for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12233.pdf)
>  In recent years, we have witnessed significant performance boost in the image captioning task based on vision-language pre-training (VLP). Scale is believed to be an important factor for this advance. However, most existing work only focuses on pre-training transformers with moderate sizes (e.g., 12 or 24 layers) on roughly 4 million images. In this paper, we present LEMON, a LargE-scale iMage captiONer, and provide the first empirical study on the scaling behavior of VLP for image captioning. We use the state-of-the-art VinVL model as our reference model, which consists of an image feature extractor and a transformer model, and scale the transformer both up and down, with model sizes ranging from 13 to 675 million parameters. In terms of data, we conduct experiments with up to 200 million image-text pairs which are automatically collected from web based on the alt attribute of the image (dubbed as ALT200M). Extensive analysis helps to characterize the performance trend as the model size and the pre-training data size increase. We also compare different training recipes, especially for training on large-scale noisy data. As a result, LEMON achieves new state of the arts on several major image captioning benchmarks, including COCO Caption, nocaps, and Conceptual Captions. We also show LEMON can generate captions with long-tail visual concepts when used in a zero-shot manner.      
### 71.PMSSC: Parallelizable Multi-Subset based Self-Expressive Model for Subspace Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12232.pdf)
>  Subspace clustering methods embrace a self-expressive model that represents each data point as a linear combination of other data points in the dataset are powerful unsupervised learning techniques. However, when dealing with large-scale datasets, the representation of each data point by referring to all data points as a dictionary suffers from high computational complexity. To alleviate this issue, we introduce a parallelizable multi-subset based self-expressive model (PMS) which represents each data point by combing multiple subsets, with each consisting of only a small percentage of samples. The adoption of PMS in subspace clustering (PMSSC) leads to computational advantages because each optimization problem decomposed into each subset is small, and can be solved efficiently in parallel. Besides, PMSSC is able to combine multiple self-expressive coefficient vectors obtained from subsets, which contributes to the improvement of self-expressiveness. Extensive experiments on synthetic data and real-world datasets show the efficiency and effectiveness of our approach against competitive methods.      
### 72.Universal Deep Network for Steganalysis of Color Image based on Channel Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12231.pdf)
>  Up to now, most existing steganalytic methods are designed for grayscale images, and they are not suitable for color images that are widely used in current social networks. In this paper, we design a universal color image steganalysis network (called UCNet) in spatial and JPEG domains. The proposed method includes preprocessing, convolutional, and classification modules. To preserve the steganographic artifacts in each color channel, in preprocessing module, we firstly separate the input image into three channels according to the corresponding embedding spaces (i.e. RGB for spatial steganography and YCbCr for JPEG steganography), and then extract the image residuals with 62 fixed high-pass filters, finally concatenate all truncated residuals for subsequent analysis rather than adding them together with normal convolution like existing CNN-based steganalyzers. To accelerate the network convergence and effectively reduce the number of parameters, in convolutional module, we carefully design three types of layers with different shortcut connections and group convolution structures to further learn high-level steganalytic features. In classification module, we employ a global average pooling and fully connected layer for classification. We conduct extensive experiments on ALASKA II to demonstrate that the proposed method can achieve state-of-the-art results compared with the modern CNN-based steganalyzers (e.g., SRNet and J-YeNet) in both spatial and JPEG domains, while keeping relatively few memory requirements and training time. Furthermore, we also provide necessary descriptions and many ablation experiments to verify the rationality of the network design.      
### 73.Source-free unsupervised domain adaptation for cross-modality abdominal multi-organ segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12221.pdf)
>  It is valuable to achieve domain adaptation to transfer the learned knowledge from the source labeled CT dataset to the target unlabeled MR dataset for abdominal multi-organ segmentation. Meanwhile, it is highly desirable to avoid high annotation cost of target dataset and protect privacy of source dataset. Therefore, we propose an effective source-free unsupervised domain adaptation method for cross-modality abdominal multi-organ segmentation without accessing the source dataset. The process of the proposed framework includes two stages. At the first stage, the feature map statistics loss is used to align the distributions of the source and target features in the top segmentation network, and entropy minimization loss is used to encourage high confidence segmentations. The pseudo-labels outputted from the top segmentation network is used to guide the style compensation network to generate source-like images. The pseudo-labels outputted from the middle segmentation network is used to supervise the learning of the desired model (the bottom segmentation network). At the second stage, the circular learning and the pixel-adaptive mask refinement are used to further improve the performance of the desired model. With this approach, we achieve satisfactory performances on the segmentations of liver, right kidney, left kidney, and spleen with the dice similarity coefficients of 0.884, 0.891, 0.864, and 0.911, respectively. In addition, the proposed approach can be easily extended to the situation when there exists target annotation data. The performance improves from 0.888 to 0.922 in average dice similarity coefficient, close to the supervised learning (0.929), with only one labeled MR volume.      
### 74.Multi-label Iterated Learning for Image Classification with Label Ambiguity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12172.pdf)
>  Transfer learning from large-scale pre-trained models has become essential for many computer vision tasks. Recent studies have shown that datasets like ImageNet are weakly labeled since images with multiple object classes present are assigned a single label. This ambiguity biases models towards a single prediction, which could result in the suppression of classes that tend to co-occur in the data. Inspired by language emergence literature, we propose multi-label iterated learning (MILe) to incorporate the inductive biases of multi-label learning from single labels using the framework of iterated learning. MILe is a simple yet effective procedure that builds a multi-label description of the image by propagating binary predictions through successive generations of teacher and student networks with a learning bottleneck. Experiments show that our approach exhibits systematic benefits on ImageNet accuracy as well as ReaL F1 score, which indicates that MILe deals better with label ambiguity than the standard training procedure, even when fine-tuning from self-supervised weights. We also show that MILe is effective reducing label noise, achieving state-of-the-art performance on real-world large-scale noisy data such as WebVision. Furthermore, MILe improves performance in class incremental settings such as IIRC and it is robust to distribution shifts. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rajeswar18/MILe" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 75.PT-VTON: an Image-Based Virtual Try-On Network with Progressive Pose Attention Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12167.pdf)
>  The virtual try-on system has gained great attention due to its potential to give customers a realistic, personalized product presentation in virtualized settings. In this paper, we present PT-VTON, a novel pose-transfer-based framework for cloth transfer that enables virtual try-on with arbitrary poses. PT-VTON can be applied to the fashion industry within minimal modification of existing systems while satisfying the overall visual fashionability and detailed fabric appearance requirements. It enables efficient clothes transferring between model and user images with arbitrary pose and body shape. We implement a prototype of PT-VTON and demonstrate that our system can match or surpass many other approaches when facing a drastic variation of poses by preserving detailed human and fabric characteristic appearances. PT-VTON is shown to outperform alternative approaches both on machine-based quantitative metrics and qualitative results.      
### 76.In-field early disease recognition of potato late blight based on deep learning and proximal hyperspectral imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12155.pdf)
>  Effective early detection of potato late blight (PLB) is an essential aspect of potato cultivation. However, it is a challenge to detect late blight at an early stage in fields with conventional imaging approaches because of the lack of visual cues displayed at the canopy level. Hyperspectral imaging can, capture spectral signals from a wide range of wavelengths also outside the visual wavelengths. In this context, we propose a deep learning classification architecture for hyperspectral images by combining 2D convolutional neural network (2D-CNN) and 3D-CNN with deep cooperative attention networks (PLB-2D-3D-A). First, 2D-CNN and 3D-CNN are used to extract rich spectral space features, and then the attention mechanism AttentionBlock and SE-ResNet are used to emphasize the salient features in the feature maps and increase the generalization ability of the model. The dataset is built with 15,360 images (64x64x204), cropped from 240 raw images captured in an experimental field with over 20 potato genotypes. The accuracy in the test dataset of 2000 images reached 0.739 in the full band and 0.790 in the specific bands (492nm, 519nm, 560nm, 592nm, 717nm and 765nm). This study shows an encouraging result for early detection of PLB with deep learning and proximal hyperspectral imaging.      
### 77.Panoptic Segmentation Meets Remote Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12126.pdf)
>  Panoptic segmentation combines instance and semantic predictions, allowing the detection of "things" and "stuff" simultaneously. Effectively approaching panoptic segmentation in remotely sensed data can be auspicious in many challenging problems since it allows continuous mapping and specific target counting. Several difficulties have prevented the growth of this task in remote sensing: (a) most algorithms are designed for traditional images, (b) image labelling must encompass "things" and "stuff" classes, and (c) the annotation format is complex. Thus, aiming to solve and increase the operability of panoptic segmentation in remote sensing, this study has five objectives: (1) create a novel data preparation pipeline for panoptic segmentation, (2) propose an annotation conversion software to generate panoptic annotations; (3) propose a novel dataset on urban areas, (4) modify the Detectron2 for the task, and (5) evaluate difficulties of this task in the urban setting. We used an aerial image with a 0,24-meter spatial resolution considering 14 classes. Our pipeline considers three image inputs, and the proposed software uses point shapefiles for creating samples in the COCO format. Our study generated 3,400 samples with 512x512 pixel dimensions. We used the Panoptic-FPN with two backbones (ResNet-50 and ResNet-101), and the model evaluation considered semantic instance and panoptic metrics. We obtained 93.9, 47.7, and 64.9 for the mean IoU, box AP, and PQ. Our study presents the first effective pipeline for panoptic segmentation and an extensive database for other researchers to use and deal with other data or related problems requiring a thorough scene understanding.      
### 78.MICS : Multi-steps, Inverse Consistency and Symmetric deep learning registration network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12123.pdf)
>  Deformable registration consists of finding the best dense correspondence between two different images. Many algorithms have been published, but the clinical application was made difficult by the high calculation time needed to solve the optimisation problem. Deep learning overtook this limitation by taking advantage of GPU calculation and the learning process. However, many deep learning methods do not take into account desirable properties respected by classical algorithms. <br>In this paper, we present MICS, a novel deep learning algorithm for medical imaging registration. As registration is an ill-posed problem, we focused our algorithm on the respect of different properties: inverse consistency, symmetry and orientation conservation. We also combined our algorithm with a multi-step strategy to refine and improve the deformation grid. While many approaches applied registration to brain MRI, we explored a more challenging body localisation: abdominal CT. Finally, we evaluated our method on a dataset used during the Learn2Reg challenge, allowing a fair comparison with published methods.      
### 79.Bounding Box-Free Instance Segmentation Using Semi-Supervised Learning for Generating a City-Scale Vehicle Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12122.pdf)
>  Vehicle classification is a hot computer vision topic, with studies ranging from ground-view up to top-view imagery. In remote sensing, the usage of top-view images allows for understanding city patterns, vehicle concentration, traffic management, and others. However, there are some difficulties when aiming for pixel-wise classification: (a) most vehicle classification studies use object detection methods, and most publicly available datasets are designed for this task, (b) creating instance segmentation datasets is laborious, and (c) traditional instance segmentation methods underperform on this task since the objects are small. Thus, the present research objectives are: (1) propose a novel semi-supervised iterative learning approach using GIS software, (2) propose a box-free instance segmentation approach, and (3) provide a city-scale vehicle dataset. The iterative learning procedure considered: (1) label a small number of vehicles, (2) train on those samples, (3) use the model to classify the entire image, (4) convert the image prediction into a polygon shapefile, (5) correct some areas with errors and include them in the training data, and (6) repeat until results are satisfactory. To separate instances, we considered vehicle interior and vehicle borders, and the DL model was the U-net with the Efficient-net-B7 backbone. When removing the borders, the vehicle interior becomes isolated, allowing for unique object identification. To recover the deleted 1-pixel borders, we proposed a simple method to expand each prediction. The results show better pixel-wise metrics when compared to the Mask-RCNN (82% against 67% in IoU). On per-object analysis, the overall accuracy, precision, and recall were greater than 90%. This pipeline applies to any remote sensing target, being very efficient for segmentation and generating datasets.      
### 80.Algorithmic Fairness in Face Morphing Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12115.pdf)
>  Face morphing attacks can compromise Face Recognition System (FRS) by exploiting their vulnerability. Face Morphing Attack Detection (MAD) techniques have been developed in recent past to deter such attacks and mitigate risks from morphing attacks. MAD algorithms, as any other algorithms should treat the images of subjects from different ethnic origins in an equal manner and provide non-discriminatory results. While the promising MAD algorithms are tested for robustness, there is no study comprehensively bench-marking their behaviour against various ethnicities. In this paper, we study and present a comprehensive analysis of algorithmic fairness of the existing Single image-based Morph Attack Detection (S-MAD) algorithms. We attempt to better understand the influence of ethnic bias on MAD algorithms and to this extent, we study the performance of MAD algorithms on a newly created dataset consisting of four different ethnic groups. With Extensive experiments using six different S-MAD techniques, we first present benchmark of detection performance and then measure the quantitative value of the algorithmic fairness for each of them using Fairness Discrepancy Rate (FDR). The results indicate the lack of fairness on all six different S-MAD methods when trained and tested on different ethnic groups suggesting the need for reliable MAD approaches to mitigate the algorithmic bias.      
### 81.Water Care: Water Surface Cleaning Bot and Water Body Surveillance System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12579.pdf)
>  Whenever a person hears about pollution, more often than not, the first thought that comes to their mind is air pollution. One of the most under-mentioned and under-discussed pollution globally is that caused by the non-biodegradable waste in our water bodies. In the case of India, there is a lot of plastic waste on the surface of rivers and lakes. The Ganga river is one of the 10 rivers which account for 90 percent of the plastic that ends up in the sea and there are major cases of local nalaas and lakes being contaminated due to this waste. This limits the source of clean water which leads to major depletion in water sources. From 2001 to 2012, in the city of Hyderabad, 3245 hectares of lakes dissipated. The water recedes by nine feet a year on average in southern New Delhi. Thus, cleaning of these local water bodies and rivers is of utmost importance. Our aim is to develop a water surface cleaning bot that is deployed across the shore. The bot will detect garbage patches on its way and collect the garbage thus making the water bodies clean. This solution employs a surveillance mechanism in order to alert the authorities in case anyone is found polluting the water bodies. A more sustainable system by using solar energy to power the system has been developed. Computer vision algorithms are used for detecting trash on the surface of the water. This trash is collected by the bot and is disposed of at a designated location. In addition to cleaning the water bodies, preventive measures have been also implemented with the help of a virtual fencing algorithm that alerts the authorities if anyone tries to pollute the water premises. A web application and a mobile app is deployed to keep a check on the movement of the bot and shore surveillance respectively. This complete solution involves both preventive and curative measures that are required for water care.      
### 82.Rethinking the modeling of the instrumental response of telescopes with a differentiable optical model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12541.pdf)
>  We propose a paradigm shift in the data-driven modeling of the instrumental response field of telescopes. By adding a differentiable optical forward model into the modeling framework, we change the data-driven modeling space from the pixels to the wavefront. This allows to transfer a great deal of complexity from the instrumental response into the forward model while being able to adapt to the observations, remaining data-driven. Our framework allows a way forward to building powerful models that are physically motivated, interpretable, and that do not require special calibration data. We show that for a simplified setting of a space telescope, this framework represents a real performance breakthrough compared to existing data-driven approaches with reconstruction errors decreasing 5 fold at observation resolution and more than 10 fold for a 3x super-resolution. We successfully model chromatic variations of the instrument's response only using noisy broad-band in-focus observations.      
### 83.LDP-Net: An Unsupervised Pansharpening Network Based on Learnable Degradation Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12483.pdf)
>  Pansharpening in remote sensing image aims at acquiring a high-resolution multispectral (HRMS) image directly by fusing a low-resolution multispectral (LRMS) image with a panchromatic (PAN) image. The main concern is how to effectively combine the rich spectral information of LRMS image with the abundant spatial information of PAN image. Recently, many methods based on deep learning have been proposed for the pansharpening task. However, these methods usually has two main drawbacks: 1) requiring HRMS for supervised learning; and 2) simply ignoring the latent relation between the MS and PAN image and fusing them directly. To solve these problems, we propose a novel unsupervised network based on learnable degradation processes, dubbed as LDP-Net. A reblurring block and a graying block are designed to learn the corresponding degradation processes, respectively. In addition, a novel hybrid loss function is proposed to constrain both spatial and spectral consistency between the pansharpened image and the PAN and LRMS images at different resolutions. Experiments on Worldview2 and Worldview3 images demonstrate that our proposed LDP-Net can fuse PAN and LRMS images effectively without the help of HRMS samples, achieving promising performance in terms of both qualitative visual effects and quantitative metrics.      
### 84.Challenges of Adversarial Image Augmentations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12427.pdf)
>  Image augmentations applied during training are crucial for the generalization performance of image classifiers. Therefore, a large body of research has focused on finding the optimal augmentation policy for a given task. Yet, RandAugment [2], a simple random augmentation policy, has recently been shown to outperform existing sophisticated policies. Only Adversarial AutoAugment (AdvAA) [11], an approach based on the idea of adversarial training, has shown to be better than RandAugment. In this paper, we show that random augmentations are still competitive compared to an optimal adversarial approach, as well as to simple curricula, and conjecture that the success of AdvAA is due to the stochasticity of the policy controller network, which introduces a mild form of curriculum.      
### 85.Explainable multiple abnormality classification of chest CT volumes with AxialNet and HiResCAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12215.pdf)
>  Understanding model predictions is critical in healthcare, to facilitate rapid verification of model correctness and to guard against use of models that exploit confounding variables. We introduce the challenging new task of explainable multiple abnormality classification in volumetric medical images, in which a model must indicate the regions used to predict each abnormality. To solve this task, we propose a multiple instance learning convolutional neural network, AxialNet, that allows identification of top slices for each abnormality. Next we incorporate HiResCAM, an attention mechanism, to identify sub-slice regions. We prove that for AxialNet, HiResCAM explanations are guaranteed to reflect the locations the model used, unlike Grad-CAM which sometimes highlights irrelevant locations. Armed with a model that produces faithful explanations, we then aim to improve the model's learning through a novel mask loss that leverages HiResCAM and 3D allowed regions to encourage the model to predict abnormalities based only on the organs in which those abnormalities appear. The 3D allowed regions are obtained automatically through a new approach, PARTITION, that combines location information extracted from radiology reports with organ segmentation maps obtained through morphological image processing. Overall, we propose the first model for explainable multi-abnormality prediction in volumetric medical images, and then use the mask loss to achieve a 33% improvement in organ localization of multiple abnormalities in the RAD-ChestCT data set of 36,316 scans, representing the state of the art. This work advances the clinical applicability of multiple abnormality modeling in chest CT volumes.      
### 86.Domain-Agnostic Clustering with Self-Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12170.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in self-supervised learning have reduced the gap between supervised and unsupervised representation learning. However, most self-supervised and deep clustering techniques rely heavily on data augmentation, rendering them ineffective for many learning tasks where insufficient domain knowledge exists for performing augmentation. We propose a new self-distillation based algorithm for domain-agnostic clustering. Our method builds upon the existing deep clustering frameworks and requires no separate student model. The proposed method outperforms existing domain agnostic (augmentation-free) algorithms on CIFAR-10. We empirically demonstrate that knowledge distillation can improve unsupervised representation learning by extracting richer `dark knowledge' from the model than using predicted labels alone. Preliminary experiments also suggest that self-distillation improves the convergence of DeepCluster-v2.      
### 87.Multi-Modality Microscopy Image Style Transfer for Nuclei Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12138.pdf)
>  Annotating microscopy images for nuclei segmentation is laborious and time-consuming. To leverage the few existing annotations, also across multiple modalities, we propose a novel microscopy-style augmentation technique based on a generative adversarial network (GAN). Unlike other style transfer methods, it can not only deal with different cell assay types and lighting conditions, but also with different imaging modalities, such as bright-field and fluorescence microscopy. Using disentangled representations for content and style, we can preserve the structure of the original image while altering its style during augmentation. We evaluate our data augmentation on the 2018 Data Science Bowl dataset consisting of various cell assays, lighting conditions, and imaging modalities. With our style augmentation, the segmentation accuracy of the two top-ranked Mask R-CNN-based nuclei segmentation algorithms in the competition increases significantly. Thus, our augmentation technique renders the downstream task more robust to the test data heterogeneity and helps counteract class imbalance without resampling of minority classes.      
### 88.Learning Interactive Driving Policies via Data-driven Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.12137.pdf)
>  Data-driven simulators promise high data-efficiency for driving policy learning. When used for modelling interactions, this data-efficiency becomes a bottleneck: Small underlying datasets often lack interesting and challenging edge cases for learning interactive driving. We address this challenge by proposing a simulation method that uses in-painted ado vehicles for learning robust driving policies. Thus, our approach can be used to learn policies that involve multi-agent interactions and allows for training via state-of-the-art policy learning methods. We evaluate the approach for learning standard interaction scenarios in driving. In extensive experiments, our work demonstrates that the resulting policies can be directly transferred to a full-scale autonomous vehicle without making use of any traditional sim-to-real transfer techniques such as domain randomization.      
