# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 5 Nov 2021
### 1.Bootstrap Your Object Detector via Mixed Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03056.pdf)
>  We introduce MixTraining, a new training paradigm for object detection that can improve the performance of existing detectors for free. MixTraining enhances data augmentation by utilizing augmentations of different strengths while excluding the strong augmentations of certain training samples that may be detrimental to training. In addition, it addresses localization noise and missing labels in human annotations by incorporating pseudo boxes that can compensate for these errors. Both of these MixTraining capabilities are made possible through bootstrapping on the detector, which can be used to predict the difficulty of training on a strong augmentation, as well as to generate reliable pseudo boxes thanks to the robustness of neural networks to labeling error. MixTraining is found to bring consistent improvements across various detectors on the COCO dataset. In particular, the performance of Faster R-CNN \cite{ren2015faster} with a ResNet-50 \cite{he2016deep} backbone is improved from 41.7 mAP to 44.0 mAP, and the accuracy of Cascade-RCNN \cite{cai2018cascade} with a Swin-Small \cite{liu2021swin} backbone is raised from 50.9 mAP to 52.8 mAP. The code and models will be made publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MendelXu/MixTraining" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 2.Unsupervised Learning of Compositional Energy Concepts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03042.pdf)
>  Humans are able to rapidly understand scenes by utilizing concepts extracted from prior experience. Such concepts are diverse, and include global scene descriptors, such as the weather or lighting, as well as local scene descriptors, such as the color or size of a particular object. So far, unsupervised discovery of concepts has focused on either modeling the global scene-level or the local object-level factors of variation, but not both. In this work, we propose COMET, which discovers and represents concepts as separate energy functions, enabling us to represent both global concepts as well as objects under a unified framework. COMET discovers energy functions through recomposing the input image, which we find captures independent factors without additional supervision. Sample generation in COMET is formulated as an optimization process on underlying energy functions, enabling us to generate images with permuted and composed concepts. Finally, discovered visual concepts in COMET generalize well, enabling us to compose concepts between separate modalities of images as well as with other concepts discovered by a separate instance of COMET trained on a different dataset. Code and data available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://energy-based-model.github.io/comet/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Towards Panoptic 3D Parsing for Single Image in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03039.pdf)
>  Performing single image holistic understanding and 3D reconstruction is a central task in computer vision. This paper presents an integrated system that performs holistic image segmentation, object detection, instance segmentation, depth estimation, and object instance 3D reconstruction for indoor and outdoor scenes from a single RGB image. We name our system panoptic 3D parsing in which panoptic segmentation ("stuff" segmentation and "things" detection/segmentation) with 3D reconstruction is performed. We design a stage-wise system where a complete set of annotations is absent. Additionally, we present an end-to-end pipeline trained on a synthetic dataset with a full set of annotations. We show results on both indoor (3D-FRONT) and outdoor (COCO and Cityscapes) scenes. Our proposed panoptic 3D parsing framework points to a promising direction in computer vision. It can be applied to various applications, including autonomous driving, mapping, robotics, design, computer graphics, robotics, human-computer interaction, and augmented reality.      
### 4.Certainty Volume Prediction for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02901.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) deals with the problem of classifying unlabeled target domain data while labeled data is only available for a different source domain. Unfortunately, commonly used classification methods cannot fulfill this task adequately due to the domain gap between the source and target data. In this paper, we propose a novel uncertainty-aware domain adaptation setup that models uncertainty as a multivariate Gaussian distribution in feature space. We show that our proposed uncertainty measure correlates with other common uncertainty quantifications and relates to smoothing the classifier's decision boundary, therefore improving the generalization capabilities. We evaluate our proposed pipeline on challenging UDA datasets and achieve state-of-the-art results. Code for our method is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitlab.com/tringwald/cvp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Stable and Compact Face Recognition via Unlabeled Data Driven Sparse Representation-Based Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02847.pdf)
>  Sparse representation-based classification (SRC) has attracted much attention by casting the recognition problem as simple linear regression problem. SRC methods, however, still is limited to enough labeled samples per category, insufficient use of unlabeled samples, and instability of representation. For tackling these problems, an unlabeled data driven inverse projection pseudo-full-space representation-based classification model is proposed with low-rank sparse constraints. The proposed model aims to mine the hidden semantic information and intrinsic structure information of all available data, which is suitable for few labeled samples and proportion imbalance between labeled samples and unlabeled samples problems in frontal face recognition. The mixed Gauss-Seidel and Jacobian ADMM algorithm is introduced to solve the model. The convergence, representation capability and stability of the model are analyzed. Experiments on three public datasets show that the proposed LR-S-PFSRC model achieves stable results, especially for proportion imbalance of samples.      
### 6.Online Continual Learning via Multiple Deep Metric Learning and Uncertainty-guided Episodic Memory Replay -- 3rd Place Solution for ICCV 2021 Workshop SSLAD Track 3A Continual Object Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02757.pdf)
>  Online continual learning in the wild is a very difficult task in machine learning. Non-stationarity in online continual learning potentially brings about catastrophic forgetting in neural networks. Specifically, online continual learning for autonomous driving with SODA10M dataset exhibits extra problems on extremely long-tailed distribution with continuous distribution shift. To address these problems, we propose multiple deep metric representation learning via both contrastive and supervised contrastive learning alongside soft labels distillation to improve model generalization. Moreover, we exploit modified class-balanced focal loss for sensitive penalization in class imbalanced and hard-easy samples. We also store some samples under guidance of uncertainty metric for rehearsal and perform online and periodical memory updates. Our proposed method achieves considerable generalization with average mean class accuracy (AMCA) 64.01% on validation and 64.53% AMCA on test set.      
### 7.FEAFA+: An Extended Well-Annotated Dataset for Facial Expression Analysis and 3D Facial Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02751.pdf)
>  Nearly all existing Facial Action Coding System-based datasets that include facial action unit (AU) intensity information annotate the intensity values hierarchically using A--E levels. However, facial expressions change continuously and shift smoothly from one state to another. Therefore, it is more effective to regress the intensity value of local facial AUs to represent whole facial expression changes, particularly in the fields of expression transfer and facial animation. We introduce an extension of FEAFA in combination with the relabeled DISFA database, which is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.iiplab.net/feafa+/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> now. Extended FEAFA (FEAFA+) includes 150 video sequences from FEAFA and DISFA, with a total of 230,184 frames being manually annotated on floating-point intensity value of 24 redefined AUs using the Expression Quantitative Tool. We also list crude numerical results for posed and spontaneous subsets and provide a baseline comparison for the AU intensity regression task.      
### 8.Multi-scale 2D Representation Learning for weakly-supervised moment retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02741.pdf)
>  Video moment retrieval aims to search the moment most relevant to a given language query. However, most existing methods in this community often require temporal boundary annotations which are expensive and time-consuming to label. Hence weakly supervised methods have been put forward recently by only using coarse video-level label. Despite effectiveness, these methods usually process moment candidates independently, while ignoring a critical issue that the natural temporal dependencies between candidates in different temporal scales. To cope with this issue, we propose a Multi-scale 2D Representation Learning method for weakly supervised video moment retrieval. Specifically, we first construct a two-dimensional map for each temporal scale to capture the temporal dependencies between candidates. Two dimensions in this map indicate the start and end time points of these candidates. Then, we select top-K candidates from each scale-varied map with a learnable convolutional neural network. With a newly designed Moments Evaluation Module, we obtain the alignment scores of the selected candidates. At last, the similarity between captions and language query is served as supervision for further training the candidates' selector. Experiments on two benchmark datasets Charades-STA and ActivityNet Captions demonstrate that our approach achieves superior performance to state-of-the-art results.      
### 9.Tea Chrysanthemum Detection under Unstructured Environments Using the TC-YOLO Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02724.pdf)
>  Tea chrysanthemum detection at its flowering stage is one of the key components for selective chrysanthemum harvesting robot development. However, it is a challenge to detect flowering chrysanthemums under unstructured field environments given the variations on illumination, occlusion and object scale. In this context, we propose a highly fused and lightweight deep learning architecture based on YOLO for tea chrysanthemum detection (TC-YOLO). First, in the backbone component and neck component, the method uses the Cross-Stage Partially Dense Network (CSPDenseNet) as the main network, and embeds custom feature fusion modules to guide the gradient flow. In the final head component, the method combines the recursive feature pyramid (RFP) multiscale fusion reflow structure and the Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pool (ASPP) module with cavity convolution to achieve the detection task. The resulting model was tested on 300 field images, showing that under the NVIDIA Tesla P100 GPU environment, if the inference speed is 47.23 FPS for each image (416 * 416), TC-YOLO can achieve the average precision (AP) of 92.49% on our own tea chrysanthemum dataset. In addition, this method (13.6M) can be deployed on a single mobile GPU, and it could be further developed as a perception system for a selective chrysanthemum harvesting robot in the future.      
### 10.Facial Emotion Recognition using Deep Residual Networks in Real-World Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02717.pdf)
>  Automatic affect recognition using visual cues is an important task towards a complete interaction between humans and machines. Applications can be found in tutoring systems and human computer interaction. A critical step towards that direction is facial feature extraction. In this paper, we propose a facial feature extractor model trained on an in-the-wild and massively collected video dataset provided by the RealEyes company. The dataset consists of a million labelled frames and 2,616 thousand subjects. As temporal information is important to the emotion recognition domain, we utilise LSTM cells to capture the temporal dynamics in the data. To show the favourable properties of our pre-trained model on modelling facial affect, we use the RECOLA database, and compare with the current state-of-the-art approach. Our model provides the best results in terms of concordance correlation coefficient.      
### 11.Towards Smart Monitored AM: Open Source in-Situ Layer-wise 3D Printing Image Anomaly Detection Using Histograms of Oriented Gradients and a Physics-Based Rendering Engine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02703.pdf)
>  This study presents an open source method for detecting 3D printing anomalies by comparing images of printed layers from a stationary monocular camera with G-code-based reference images of an ideal process generated with Blender, a physics rendering engine. Recognition of visual deviations was accomplished by analyzing the similarity of histograms of oriented gradients (HOG) of local image areas. The developed technique requires preliminary modeling of the working environment to achieve the best match for orientation, color rendering, lighting, and other parameters of the printed part. The output of the algorithm is a level of mismatch between printed and synthetic reference layers. Twelve similarity and distance measures were implemented and compared for their effectiveness at detecting 3D printing errors on six different representative failure types and their control error-free print images. The results show that although Kendall tau, Jaccard, and Sorensen similarities are the most sensitive, Pearson r, Spearman rho, cosine, and Dice similarities produce the more reliable results. This open source method allows the program to notice critical errors in the early stages of their occurrence and either pause manufacturing processes for further investigation by an operator or in the future AI-controlled automatic error correction. The implementation of this novel method does not require preliminary data for training, and the greatest efficiency can be achieved with the mass production of parts by either additive or subtractive manufacturing of the same geometric shape. It can be concluded this open source method is a promising means of enabling smart distributed recycling for additive manufacturing using complex feedstocks as well as other challenging manufacturing environments.      
### 12.TimeMatch: Unsupervised Cross-Region Adaptation by Temporal Shift Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02682.pdf)
>  The recent developments of deep learning models that capture the complex temporal patterns of crop phenology have greatly advanced crop classification of Satellite Image Time Series (SITS). However, when applied to target regions spatially different from the training region, these models perform poorly without any target labels due to the temporal shift of crop phenology between regions. To address this unsupervised cross-region adaptation setting, existing methods learn domain-invariant features without any target supervision, but not the temporal shift itself. As a consequence, these techniques provide only limited benefits for SITS. In this paper, we propose TimeMatch, a new unsupervised domain adaptation method for SITS that directly accounts for the temporal shift. TimeMatch consists of two components: 1) temporal shift estimation, which estimates the temporal shift of the unlabeled target region with a source-trained model, and 2) TimeMatch learning, which combines temporal shift estimation with semi-supervised learning to adapt a classifier to an unlabeled target region. We also introduce an open-access dataset for cross-region adaptation with SITS from four different regions in Europe. On this dataset, we demonstrate that TimeMatch outperforms all competing methods by 11% in F1-score across five different adaptation scenarios, setting a new state-of-the-art for cross-region adaptation.      
### 13.MixSiam: A Mixture-based Approach to Self-supervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02679.pdf)
>  Recently contrastive learning has shown significant progress in learning visual representations from unlabeled data. The core idea is training the backbone to be invariant to different augmentations of an instance. While most methods only maximize the feature similarity between two augmented data, we further generate more challenging training samples and force the model to keep predicting discriminative representation on these hard samples. In this paper, we propose MixSiam, a mixture-based approach upon the traditional siamese network. On the one hand, we input two augmented images of an instance to the backbone and obtain the discriminative representation by performing an element-wise maximum of two features. On the other hand, we take the mixture of these augmented images as input, and expect the model prediction to be close to the discriminative representation. In this way, the model could access more variant data samples of an instance and keep predicting invariant discriminative representations for them. Thus the learned model is more robust compared to previous contrastive learning methods. Extensive experiments on large-scale datasets show that MixSiam steadily improves the baseline and achieves competitive results with state-of-the-art methods. Our code will be released soon.      
### 14.LVIS Challenge Track Technical Report 1st Place Solution: Distribution Balanced and Boundary Refinement for Large Vocabulary Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02668.pdf)
>  This report introduces the technical details of the team FuXi-Fresher for LVIS Challenge 2021. Our method focuses on the problem in following two aspects: the long-tail distribution and the segmentation quality of mask and boundary. Based on the advanced HTC instance segmentation algorithm, we connect transformer backbone(Swin-L) through composite connections inspired by CBNetv2 to enhance the baseline results. To alleviate the problem of long-tail distribution, we design a Distribution Balanced method which includes dataset balanced and loss function balaced modules. Further, we use a Mask and Boundary Refinement method composed with mask scoring and refine-mask algorithms to improve the segmentation quality. In addition, we are pleasantly surprised to find that early stopping combined with EMA method can achieve a great improvement. Finally, by using multi-scale testing and increasing the upper limit of the number of objects detected per image, we achieved more than 45.4% boundary AP on the val set of LVIS Challenge 2021. On the test data of LVIS Challenge 2021, we rank 1st and achieve 48.1% AP. Notably, our APr 47.5% is very closed to the APf 48.0%.      
### 15.Temporal Fusion Based Mutli-scale Semantic Segmentation for Detecting Concealed Baggage Threats  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02651.pdf)
>  Detection of illegal and threatening items in baggage is one of the utmost security concern nowadays. Even for experienced security personnel, manual detection is a time-consuming and stressful task. Many academics have created automated frameworks for detecting suspicious and contraband data from X-ray scans of luggage. However, to our knowledge, no framework exists that utilizes temporal baggage X-ray imagery to effectively screen highly concealed and occluded objects which are barely visible even to the naked eye. To address this, we present a novel temporal fusion driven multi-scale residual fashioned encoder-decoder that takes series of consecutive scans as input and fuses them to generate distinct feature representations of the suspicious and non-suspicious baggage content, leading towards a more accurate extraction of the contraband data. The proposed methodology has been thoroughly tested using the publicly accessible GDXray dataset, which is the only dataset containing temporally linked grayscale X-ray scans showcasing extremely concealed contraband data. The proposed framework outperforms its competitors on the GDXray dataset on various metrics.      
### 16.Building Damage Mapping with Self-PositiveUnlabeled Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02586.pdf)
>  Humanitarian organizations must have fast and reliable data to respond to disasters. Deep learning approaches are difficult to implement in real-world disasters because it might be challenging to collect ground truth data of the damage situation (training data) soon after the event. The implementation of recent self-paced positive-unlabeled learning (PU) is demonstrated in this work by successfully applying to building damage assessment with very limited labeled data and a large amount of unlabeled data. Self-PU learning is compared with the supervised baselines and traditional PU learning using different datasets collected from the 2011 Tohoku earthquake, the 2018 Palu tsunami, and the 2018 Hurricane Michael. By utilizing only a portion of labeled damaged samples, we show how models trained with self-PU techniques may achieve comparable performance as supervised learning.      
### 17.Understanding Cross Domain Presentation Attack Detection for Visible Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02548.pdf)
>  Face signatures, including size, shape, texture, skin tone, eye color, appearance, and scars/marks, are widely used as discriminative, biometric information for access control. Despite recent advancements in facial recognition systems, presentation attacks on facial recognition systems have become increasingly sophisticated. The ability to detect presentation attacks or spoofing attempts is a pressing concern for the integrity, security, and trust of facial recognition systems. Multi-spectral imaging has been previously introduced as a way to improve presentation attack detection by utilizing sensors that are sensitive to different regions of the electromagnetic spectrum (e.g., visible, near infrared, long-wave infrared). Although multi-spectral presentation attack detection systems may be discriminative, the need for additional sensors and computational resources substantially increases complexity and costs. Instead, we propose a method that exploits information from infrared imagery during training to increase the discriminability of visible-based presentation attack detection systems. We introduce (1) a new cross-domain presentation attack detection framework that increases the separability of bonafide and presentation attacks using only visible spectrum imagery, (2) an inverse domain regularization technique for added training stability when optimizing our cross-domain presentation attack detection framework, and (3) a dense domain adaptation subnetwork to transform representations between visible and non-visible domains.      
### 18.Sequence-to-Sequence Modeling for Action Identification at High Temporal Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02521.pdf)
>  Automatic action identification from video and kinematic data is an important machine learning problem with applications ranging from robotics to smart health. Most existing works focus on identifying coarse actions such as running, climbing, or cutting a vegetable, which have relatively long durations. This is an important limitation for applications that require the identification of subtle motions at high temporal resolution. For example, in stroke recovery, quantifying rehabilitation dose requires differentiating motions with sub-second durations. Our goal is to bridge this gap. To this end, we introduce a large-scale, multimodal dataset, StrokeRehab, as a new action-recognition benchmark that includes subtle short-duration actions labeled at a high temporal resolution. These short-duration actions are called functional primitives, and consist of reaches, transports, repositions, stabilizations, and idles. The dataset consists of high-quality Inertial Measurement Unit sensors and video data of 41 stroke-impaired patients performing activities of daily living like feeding, brushing teeth, etc. We show that current state-of-the-art models based on segmentation produce noisy predictions when applied to these data, which often leads to overcounting of actions. To address this, we propose a novel approach for high-resolution action identification, inspired by speech-recognition techniques, which is based on a sequence-to-sequence model that directly predicts the sequence of actions. This approach outperforms current state-of-the-art methods on the StrokeRehab dataset, as well as on the standard benchmark datasets 50Salads, Breakfast, and Jigsaws.      
### 19.Improving Pose Estimation through Contextual Activity Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02500.pdf)
>  This research presents the idea of activity fusion into existing Pose Estimation architectures to enhance their predictive ability. This is motivated by the rise in higher level concepts found in modern machine learning architectures, and the belief that activity context is a useful piece of information for the problem of pose estimation. To analyse this concept we take an existing deep learning architecture and augment it with an additional 1x1 convolution to fuse activity information into the model. We perform evaluation and comparison on a common pose estimation dataset, and show a performance improvement over our baseline model, especially in uncommon poses and on typically difficult joints. Additionally, we perform an ablative analysis to indicate that the performance improvement does in fact draw from the activity information.      
### 20.Unified 3D Mesh Recovery of Humans and Animals by Learning Animal Exercise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02450.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end unified 3D mesh recovery of humans and quadruped animals trained in a weakly-supervised way. Unlike recent work focusing on a single target class only, we aim to recover 3D mesh of broader classes with a single multi-task model. However, there exists no dataset that can directly enable multi-task learning due to the absence of both human and animal annotations for a single object, e.g., a human image does not have animal pose annotations; thus, we have to devise a new way to exploit heterogeneous datasets. To make the unstable disjoint multi-task learning jointly trainable, we propose to exploit the morphological similarity between humans and animals, motivated by animal exercise where humans imitate animal poses. We realize the morphological similarity by semantic correspondences, called sub-keypoint, which enables joint training of human and animal mesh regression branches. Besides, we propose class-sensitive regularization methods to avoid a mean-shape bias and to improve the distinctiveness across multi-classes. Our method performs favorably against recent uni-modal models on various human and animal datasets while being far more compact.      
### 21.On the Frequency Bias of Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02447.pdf)
>  The key objective of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) is to generate new data with the same statistics as the provided training data. However, multiple recent works show that state-of-the-art architectures yet struggle to achieve this goal. In particular, they report an elevated amount of high frequencies in the spectral statistics which makes it straightforward to distinguish real and generated images. Explanations for this phenomenon are controversial: While most works attribute the artifacts to the generator, other works point to the discriminator. We take a sober look at those explanations and provide insights on what makes proposed measures against high-frequency artifacts effective. To achieve this, we first independently assess the architectures of both the generator and discriminator and investigate if they exhibit a frequency bias that makes learning the distribution of high-frequency content particularly problematic. Based on these experiments, we make the following four observations: 1) Different upsampling operations bias the generator towards different spectral properties. 2) Checkerboard artifacts introduced by upsampling cannot explain the spectral discrepancies alone as the generator is able to compensate for these artifacts. 3) The discriminator does not struggle with detecting high frequencies per se but rather struggles with frequencies of low magnitude. 4) The downsampling operations in the discriminator can impair the quality of the training signal it provides. In light of these findings, we analyze proposed measures against high-frequency artifacts in state-of-the-art GAN training but find that none of the existing approaches can fully resolve spectral artifacts yet. Our results suggest that there is great potential in improving the discriminator and that this could be key to match the distribution of the training data more closely.      
### 22.Panoptic 3D Scene Reconstruction From a Single RGB Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02444.pdf)
>  Understanding 3D scenes from a single image is fundamental to a wide variety of tasks, such as for robotics, motion planning, or augmented reality. Existing works in 3D perception from a single RGB image tend to focus on geometric reconstruction only, or geometric reconstruction with semantic segmentation or instance segmentation. Inspired by 2D panoptic segmentation, we propose to unify the tasks of geometric reconstruction, 3D semantic segmentation, and 3D instance segmentation into the task of panoptic 3D scene reconstruction - from a single RGB image, predicting the complete geometric reconstruction of the scene in the camera frustum of the image, along with semantic and instance segmentations. We thus propose a new approach for holistic 3D scene understanding from a single RGB image which learns to lift and propagate 2D features from an input image to a 3D volumetric scene representation. We demonstrate that this holistic view of joint scene reconstruction, semantic, and instance segmentation is beneficial over treating the tasks independently, thus outperforming alternative approaches.      
### 23.Generalization in Dexterous Manipulation via Geometry-Aware Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03062.pdf)
>  Dexterous manipulation of arbitrary objects, a fundamental daily task for humans, has been a grand challenge for autonomous robotic systems. Although data-driven approaches using reinforcement learning can develop specialist policies that discover behaviors to control a single object, they often exhibit poor generalization to unseen ones. In this work, we show that policies learned by existing reinforcement learning algorithms can in fact be generalist when combined with multi-task learning and a well-chosen object representation. We show that a single generalist policy can perform in-hand manipulation of over 100 geometrically-diverse real-world objects and generalize to new objects with unseen shape or size. Interestingly, we find that multi-task learning with object point cloud representations not only generalizes better but even outperforms the single-object specialist policies on both training as well as held-out test objects. Video results at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://huangwl18.github.io/geometry-dex" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 24.A deep ensemble approach to X-ray polarimetry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03047.pdf)
>  X-ray polarimetry will soon open a new window on the high energy universe with the launch of NASA's Imaging X-ray Polarimetry Explorer (IXPE). Polarimeters are currently limited by their track reconstruction algorithms, which typically use linear estimators and do not consider individual event quality. We present a modern deep learning method for maximizing the sensitivity of X-ray telescopic observations with imaging polarimeters, with a focus on the gas pixel detectors (GPDs) to be flown on IXPE. We use a weighted maximum likelihood combination of predictions from a deep ensemble of ResNets, trained on Monte Carlo event simulations. We derive and apply the optimal event weighting for maximizing the polarization signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) in track reconstruction algorithms. For typical power-law source spectra, our method improves on the current state of the art, providing a ~40% decrease in required exposure times for a given SNR.      
### 25.Unsupervised Change Detection of Extreme Events Using ML On-Board  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02995.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce RaVAEn, a lightweight, unsupervised approach for change detection in satellite data based on Variational Auto-Encoders (VAEs) with the specific purpose of on-board deployment. Applications such as disaster management enormously benefit from the rapid availability of satellite observations. Traditionally, data analysis is performed on the ground after all data is transferred - downlinked - to a ground station. Constraint on the downlink capabilities therefore affects any downstream application. In contrast, RaVAEn pre-processes the sampled data directly on the satellite and flags changed areas to prioritise for downlink, shortening the response time. We verified the efficacy of our system on a dataset composed of time series of catastrophic events - which we plan to release alongside this publication - demonstrating that RaVAEn outperforms pixel-wise baselines. Finally we tested our approach on resource-limited hardware for assessing computational and memory limitations.      
### 26.Extended Abstract Version: CNN-based Human Detection System for UAVs in Search and Rescue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02870.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an approach for the task of searching and detecting human using a convolutional neural network and a Quadcopter hardware platform. A pre-trained CNN model is applied to a Raspberry Pi B and a single camera is equipped at the bottom of the Quadcopter. The Quadcopter uses accelerometer-gyroscope sensor and ultrasonic sensor for balancing control. However, these sensors are susceptible to noise caused by the driving forces such as the vibration of the motors, thus, noise processing is implemented. Experiments proved that the system works well on the Raspberry Pi B with a processing speed of 3 fps.      
### 27.Testing using Privileged Information by Adapting Features with Statistical Dependence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02865.pdf)
>  Given an imperfect predictor, we exploit additional features at test time to improve the predictions made, without retraining and without knowledge of the prediction function. This scenario arises if training labels or data are proprietary, restricted, or no longer available, or if training itself is prohibitively expensive. We assume that the additional features are useful if they exhibit strong statistical dependence to the underlying perfect predictor. Then, we empirically estimate and strengthen the statistical dependence between the initial noisy predictor and the additional features via manifold denoising. As an example, we show that this approach leads to improvement in real-world visual attribute ranking. Project webpage: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.jamestompkin.com/tupi" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 28.The role of MRI physics in brain segmentation CNNs: achieving acquisition invariance and instructive uncertainties  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02771.pdf)
>  Being able to adequately process and combine data arising from different sites is crucial in neuroimaging, but is difficult, owing to site, sequence and acquisition-parameter dependent biases. It is important therefore to design algorithms that are not only robust to images of differing contrasts, but also be able to generalise well to unseen ones, with a quantifiable measure of uncertainty. In this paper we demonstrate the efficacy of a physics-informed, uncertainty-aware, segmentation network that employs augmentation-time MR simulations and homogeneous batch feature stratification to achieve acquisition invariance. We show that the proposed approach also accurately extrapolates to out-of-distribution sequence samples, providing well calibrated volumetric bounds on these. We demonstrate a significant improvement in terms of coefficients of variation, backed by uncertainty based volumetric validation.      
### 29.Deep Learning Methods for Daily Wildfire Danger Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02736.pdf)
>  Wildfire forecasting is of paramount importance for disaster risk reduction and environmental sustainability. We approach daily fire danger prediction as a machine learning task, using historical Earth observation data from the last decade to predict next-day's fire danger. To that end, we collect, pre-process and harmonize an open-access datacube, featuring a set of covariates that jointly affect the fire occurrence and spread, such as weather conditions, satellite-derived products, topography features and variables related to human activity. We implement a variety of Deep Learning (DL) models to capture the spatial, temporal or spatio-temporal context and compare them against a Random Forest (RF) baseline. We find that either spatial or temporal context is enough to surpass the RF, while a ConvLSTM that exploits the spatio-temporal context performs best with a test Area Under the Receiver Operating Characteristic of 0.926. Our DL-based proof-of-concept provides national-scale daily fire danger maps at a much higher spatial resolution than existing operational solutions.      
### 30.When Neural Networks Using Different Sensors Create Similar Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02732.pdf)
>  Multimodal problems are omnipresent in the real world: autonomous driving, robotic grasping, scene understanding, etc... We draw from the well-developed analysis of similarity to provide an example of a problem where neural networks are trained from different sensors, and where the features extracted from these sensors still carry similar information. More precisely, we demonstrate that for each sensor, the linear combination of the features from the last layer that correlates the most with other sensors corresponds to the classification components of the classification layer.      
### 31.Towards dynamic multi-modal phenotyping using chest radiographs and physiological data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02710.pdf)
>  The healthcare domain is characterized by heterogeneous data modalities, such as imaging and physiological data. In practice, the variety of medical data assists clinicians in decision-making. However, most of the current state-of-the-art deep learning models solely rely upon carefully curated data of a single modality. In this paper, we propose a dynamic training approach to learn modality-specific data representations and to integrate auxiliary features, instead of solely relying on a single modality. Our preliminary experiments results for a patient phenotyping task using physiological data in MIMIC-IV &amp; chest radiographs in the MIMIC- CXR dataset show that our proposed approach achieves the highest area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) (0.764 AUROC) compared to the performance of the benchmark method in previous work, which only used physiological data (0.740 AUROC). For a set of five recurring or chronic diseases with periodic acute episodes, including cardiac dysrhythmia, conduction disorders, and congestive heart failure, the AUROC improves from 0.747 to 0.798. This illustrates the benefit of leveraging the chest imaging modality in the phenotyping task and highlights the potential of multi-modal learning in medical applications.      
### 32.A semi-automatic ultrasound image analysis system for the grading diagnosis of COVID-19 pneumonia  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02676.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a semi-automatic system based on quantitative characterization of the specific image patterns in lung ultrasound (LUS) images, in order to assess the lung conditions of patients with COVID-19 pneumonia, as well as to differentiate between the severe / and no-severe cases. Specifically, four parameters are extracted from each LUS image, namely the thickness (TPL) and roughness (RPL) of the pleural line, and the accumulated with (AWBL) and acoustic coefficient (ACBL) of B lines. 27 patients are enrolled in this study, which are grouped into 13 moderate patients, 7 severe patients and 7 critical patients. Furthermore, the severe and critical patients are regarded as the severe cases, and the moderate patients are regarded as the non-severe cases. Biomarkers among different groups are compared. Each single biomarker and a classifier with all the biomarkers as input are utilized for the binary diagnosis of severe case and non-severe case, respectively. The classifier achieves the best classification performance among all the compared methods (area under the receiver operating characteristics curve = 0.93, sensitivity = 0.93, specificity = 0.85). The proposed image analysis system could be potentially applied to the grading and prognosis evaluation of patients with COVID-19 pneumonia.      
### 33.Qimera: Data-free Quantization with Synthetic Boundary Supporting Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02625.pdf)
>  Model quantization is known as a promising method to compress deep neural networks, especially for inferences on lightweight mobile or edge devices. However, model quantization usually requires access to the original training data to maintain the accuracy of the full-precision models, which is often infeasible in real-world scenarios for security and privacy issues. A popular approach to perform quantization without access to the original data is to use synthetically generated samples, based on batch-normalization statistics or adversarial learning. However, the drawback of such approaches is that they primarily rely on random noise input to the generator to attain diversity of the synthetic samples. We find that this is often insufficient to capture the distribution of the original data, especially around the decision boundaries. To this end, we propose Qimera, a method that uses superposed latent embeddings to generate synthetic boundary supporting samples. For the superposed embeddings to better reflect the original distribution, we also propose using an additional disentanglement mapping layer and extracting information from the full-precision model. The experimental results show that Qimera achieves state-of-the-art performances for various settings on data-free quantization. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/iamkanghyunchoi/qimera" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Resampling and super-resolution of hexagonally sampled images using deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02520.pdf)
>  Super-resolution (SR) aims to increase the resolution of imagery. Applications include security, medical imaging, and object recognition. We propose a deep learning-based SR system that takes a hexagonally sampled low-resolution image as an input and generates a rectangularly sampled SR image as an output. For training and testing, we use a realistic observation model that includes optical degradation from diffraction and sensor degradation from detector integration. Our SR approach first uses non-uniform interpolation to partially upsample the observed hexagonal imagery and convert it to a rectangular grid. We then leverage a state-of-the-art convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture designed for SR known as Residual Channel Attention Network (RCAN). In particular, we use RCAN to further upsample and restore the imagery to produce the final SR image estimate. We demonstrate that this system is superior to applying RCAN directly to rectangularly sampled LR imagery with equivalent sample density. The theoretical advantages of hexagonal sampling are well known. However, to the best of our knowledge, the practical benefit of hexagonal sampling in light of modern processing techniques such as RCAN SR is heretofore untested. Our SR system demonstrates a notable advantage of hexagonally sampled imagery when employing a modified RCAN for hexagonal SR.      
### 35.Roadmap on Signal Processing for Next Generation Measurement Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02493.pdf)
>  Signal processing is a fundamental component of almost any sensor-enabled system, with a wide range of applications across different scientific disciplines. Time series data, images, and video sequences comprise representative forms of signals that can be enhanced and analysed for information extraction and quantification. The recent advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning are shifting the research attention towards intelligent, data-driven, signal processing. This roadmap presents a critical overview of the state-of-the-art methods and applications aiming to highlight future challenges and research opportunities towards next generation measurement systems. It covers a broad spectrum of topics ranging from basic to industrial research, organized in concise thematic sections that reflect the trends and the impacts of current and future developments per research field. Furthermore, it offers guidance to researchers and funding agencies in identifying new prospects.      
### 36.Automatic ultrasound vessel segmentation with deep spatiotemporal context learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02461.pdf)
>  Accurate, real-time segmentation of vessel structures in ultrasound image sequences can aid in the measurement of lumen diameters and assessment of vascular diseases. This, however, remains a challenging task, particularly for extremely small vessels that are difficult to visualize. We propose to leverage the rich spatiotemporal context available in ultrasound to improve segmentation of small-scale lower-extremity arterial vasculature. We describe efficient deep learning methods that incorporate temporal, spatial, and feature-aware contextual embeddings at multiple resolution scales while jointly utilizing information from B-mode and Color Doppler signals. Evaluating on femoral and tibial artery scans performed on healthy subjects by an expert ultrasonographer, and comparing to consensus expert ground-truth annotations of inner lumen boundaries, we demonstrate real-time segmentation using the context-aware models and show that they significantly outperform comparable baseline approaches.      
### 37.Slapping Cats, Bopping Heads, and Oreo Shakes: Understanding Indicators of Virality in TikTok Short Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02452.pdf)
>  Short videos have become one of the leading media used by younger generations to express themselves online and thus a driving force in shaping online culture. In this context, TikTok has emerged as a platform where viral videos are often posted first. In this paper, we study what elements of short videos posted on TikTok contribute to their virality. We apply a mixed-method approach to develop a codebook and identify important virality features. We do so vis-à-vis three research hypotheses; namely, that: 1) the video content, 2) TikTok's recommendation algorithm, and 3) the popularity of the video creator contribute to virality. <br>We collect and label a dataset of 400 TikTok videos and train classifiers to help us identify the features that influence virality the most. While the number of followers is the most powerful predictor, close-up and medium-shot scales also play an essential role. So does the lifespan of the video, the presence of text, and the point of view. Our research highlights the characteristics that distinguish viral from non-viral TikTok videos, laying the groundwork for developing additional approaches to create more engaging online content and proactively identify possibly risky content that is likely to reach a large audience.      
### 38.Breast Cancer Classification Using: Pixel Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02409.pdf)
>  Image Processing represents the backbone research area within engineering and computer science specialization. It is promptly growing technologies today, and its applications founded in various aspects of biomedical fields especially in cancer disease. Breast cancer is considered the fatal one of all cancer types according to recent statistics all over the world. It is the most commonly cancer in women and the second reason of cancer death between females. About 23% of the total cancer cases in both developing and developed countries. In this work, an interpolation process was used to classify the breast cancer into main types, benign and malignant. This scheme dependent on the morphologic spectrum of mammographic masses. Malignant tumors had irregular shape percent higher than the benign tumors. By this way the boundary of the tumor will be interpolated by additional pixels to make the boundary smoothen as possible, these needed pixels is proportional with irregularity shape of the tumor, so that the increasing in interpolated pixels meaning the tumor goes toward the malignant case. The proposed system is implemented using MATLAB programming and tested over several images taken from the Mammogram Image Analysis Society (MIAS) image database. The MIAS offers a regular classification for mammographic studies. The system works faster so that any radiologist can take a clear decision about the appearance of calcifications by visual inspection.      
### 39.Partial supervision for the FeTA challenge 2021  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02408.pdf)
>  This paper describes our method for our participation in the FeTA challenge2021 (team name: TRABIT). The performance of convolutional neural networks for medical image segmentation is thought to correlate positively with the number of training data. The FeTA challenge does not restrict participants to using only the provided training data but also allows for using other publicly available sources. Yet, open access fetal brain data remains limited. An advantageous strategy could thus be to expand the training data to cover broader perinatal brain imaging sources. Perinatal brain MRIs, other than the FeTA challenge data, that are currently publicly available, span normal and pathological fetal atlases as well as neonatal scans. However, perinatal brain MRIs segmented in different datasets typically come with different annotation protocols. This makes it challenging to combine those datasets to train a deep neural network. We recently proposed a family of loss functions, the label-set loss functions, for partially supervised learning. Label-set loss functions allow to train deep neural networks with partially segmented images, i.e. segmentations in which some classes may be grouped into super-classes. We propose to use label-set loss functions to improve the segmentation performance of a state-of-the-art deep learning pipeline for multi-class fetal brain segmentation by merging several publicly available datasets. To promote generalisability, our approach does not introduce any additional hyper-parameters tuning.      
### 40.WORD: Revisiting Organs Segmentation in the Whole Abdominal Region  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02403.pdf)
>  Whole abdominal organs segmentation plays an important role in abdomen lesion diagnosis, radiotherapy planning, and follow-up. However, delineating all abdominal organs by oncologists manually is time-consuming and very expensive. Recently, deep learning-based medical image segmentation has shown the potential to reduce manual delineation efforts, but it still requires a large-scale fine annotated dataset for training. Although many efforts in this task, there are still few large image datasets covering the whole abdomen region with accurate and detailed annotations for the whole abdominal organ segmentation. In this work, we establish a large-scale \textit{W}hole abdominal \textit{OR}gans \textit{D}ataset (\textit{WORD}) for algorithms research and clinical applications development. This dataset contains 150 abdominal CT volumes (30495 slices) and each volume has 16 organs with fine pixel-level annotations and scribble-based sparse annotation, which may be the largest dataset with whole abdominal organs annotation. Several state-of-the-art segmentation methods are evaluated on this dataset. And, we also invited clinical oncologists to revise the model predictions to measure the gap between the deep learning method and real oncologists. We further introduce and evaluate a new scribble-based weakly supervised segmentation on this dataset. The work provided a new benchmark for the abdominal multi-organ segmentation task and these experiments can serve as the baseline for future research and clinical application development. The codebase and dataset will be released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HiLab-git/WORD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 41.Skin Cancer Classification using Inception Network and Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02402.pdf)
>  Medical data classification is typically a challenging task due to imbalance between classes. In this paper, we propose an approach to classify dermatoscopic images from HAM10000 (Human Against Machine with 10000 training images) dataset, consisting of seven imbalanced types of skin lesions, with good precision and low resources requirements. Classification is done by using a pretrained convolutional neural network. We evaluate the accuracy and performance of the proposal and illustrate possible extensions.      
### 42.Deep AUC Maximization for Medical Image Classification: Challenges and Opportunities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02400.pdf)
>  In this extended abstract, we will present and discuss opportunities and challenges brought about by a new deep learning method by AUC maximization (aka \underline{\bf D}eep \underline{\bf A}UC \underline{\bf M}aximization or {\bf DAM}) for medical image classification. Since AUC (aka area under ROC curve) is a standard performance measure for medical image classification, hence directly optimizing AUC could achieve a better performance for learning a deep neural network than minimizing a traditional loss function (e.g., cross-entropy loss). Recently, there emerges a trend of using deep AUC maximization for large-scale medical image classification. In this paper, we will discuss these recent results by highlighting (i) the advancements brought by stochastic non-convex optimization algorithms for DAM; (ii) the promising results on various medical image classification problems. Then, we will discuss challenges and opportunities of DAM for medical image classification from three perspectives, feature learning, large-scale optimization, and learning trustworthy AI models.      
### 43.Learning Pruned Structure and Weights Simultaneously from Scratch: an Attention based Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02399.pdf)
>  As a deep learning model typically contains millions of trainable weights, there has been a growing demand for a more efficient network structure with reduced storage space and improved run-time efficiency. Pruning is one of the most popular network compression techniques. In this paper, we propose a novel unstructured pruning pipeline, Attention-based Simultaneous sparse structure and Weight Learning (ASWL). Unlike traditional channel-wise or weight-wise attention mechanism, ASWL proposed an efficient algorithm to calculate the pruning ratio through layer-wise attention for each layer, and both weights for the dense network and the sparse network are tracked so that the pruned structure is simultaneously learned from randomly initialized weights. Our experiments on MNIST, Cifar10, and ImageNet show that ASWL achieves superior pruning results in terms of accuracy, pruning ratio and operating efficiency when compared with state-of-the-art network pruning methods.      
### 44.Transparency of Deep Neural Networks for Medical Image Analysis: A Review of Interpretability Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.02398.pdf)
>  Artificial Intelligence has emerged as a useful aid in numerous clinical applications for diagnosis and treatment decisions. Deep neural networks have shown same or better performance than clinicians in many tasks owing to the rapid increase in the available data and computational power. In order to conform to the principles of trustworthy AI, it is essential that the AI system be transparent, robust, fair and ensure accountability. Current deep neural solutions are referred to as black-boxes due to a lack of understanding of the specifics concerning the decision making process. Therefore, there is a need to ensure interpretability of deep neural networks before they can be incorporated in the routine clinical workflow. In this narrative review, we utilized systematic keyword searches and domain expertise to identify nine different types of interpretability methods that have been used for understanding deep learning models for medical image analysis applications based on the type of generated explanations and technical similarities. Furthermore, we report the progress made towards evaluating the explanations produced by various interpretability methods. Finally we discuss limitations, provide guidelines for using interpretability methods and future directions concerning the interpretability of deep neural networks for medical imaging analysis.      
