# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 11 Dec 2020
### 1.Portrait Neural Radiance Fields from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05903.pdf)
>  We present a method for estimating Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) from a single headshot portrait. While NeRF has demonstrated high-quality view synthesis, it requires multiple images of static scenes and thus impractical for casual captures and moving subjects. In this work, we propose to pretrain the weights of a multilayer perceptron (MLP), which implicitly models the volumetric density and colors, with a meta-learning framework using a light stage portrait dataset. To improve the generalization to unseen faces, we train the MLP in the canonical coordinate space approximated by 3D face morphable models. We quantitatively evaluate the method using controlled captures and demonstrate the generalization to real portrait images, showing favorable results against state-of-the-arts.      
### 2.Robust Consistent Video Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05901.pdf)
>  We present an algorithm for estimating consistent dense depth maps and camera poses from a monocular video. We integrate a learning-based depth prior, in the form of a convolutional neural network trained for single-image depth estimation, with geometric optimization, to estimate a smooth camera trajectory as well as detailed and stable depth reconstruction. Our algorithm combines two complementary techniques: (1) flexible deformation-splines for low-frequency large-scale alignment and (2) geometry-aware depth filtering for high-frequency alignment of fine depth details. In contrast to prior approaches, our method does not require camera poses as input and achieves robust reconstruction for challenging hand-held cell phone captures containing a significant amount of noise, shake, motion blur, and rolling shutter deformations. Our method quantitatively outperforms state-of-the-arts on the Sintel benchmark for both depth and pose estimations and attains favorable qualitative results across diverse wild datasets.      
### 3.Are Fewer Labels Possible for Few-shot Learning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05899.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning is challenging due to its very limited data and labels. Recent studies in big transfer (BiT) show that few-shot learning can greatly benefit from pretraining on large scale labeled dataset in a different domain. This paper asks a more challenging question: "can we use as few as possible labels for few-shot learning in both pretraining (with no labels) and fine-tuning (with fewer labels)?". <br>Our key insight is that the clustering of target samples in the feature space is all we need for few-shot finetuning. It explains why the vanilla unsupervised pretraining (poor clustering) is worse than the supervised one. In this paper, we propose transductive unsupervised pretraining that achieves a better clustering by involving target data even though its amount is very limited. The improved clustering result is of great value for identifying the most representative samples ("eigen-samples") for users to label, and in return, continued finetuning with the labeled eigen-samples further improves the clustering. Thus, we propose eigen-finetuning to enable fewer shot learning by leveraging the co-evolution of clustering and eigen-samples in the finetuning. We conduct experiments on 10 different few-shot target datasets, and our average few-shot performance outperforms both vanilla inductive unsupervised transfer and supervised transfer by a large margin. For instance, when each target category only has 10 labeled samples, the mean accuracy gain over the above two baselines is 9.2% and 3.42 respectively.      
### 4.AutoSelect: Automatic and Dynamic Detection Selection for 3D Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05894.pdf)
>  3D multi-object tracking is an important component in robotic perception systems such as self-driving vehicles. Recent work follows a tracking-by-detection pipeline, which aims to match past tracklets with detections in the current frame. To avoid matching with false positive detections, prior work filters out detections with low confidence scores via a threshold. However, finding a proper threshold is non-trivial, which requires extensive manual search via ablation study. Also, this threshold is sensitive to many factors such as target object category so we need to re-search the threshold if these factors change. To ease this process, we propose to automatically select high-quality detections and remove the efforts needed for manual threshold search. Also, prior work often uses a single threshold per data sequence, which is sub-optimal in particular frames or for certain objects. Instead, we dynamically search threshold per frame or per object to further boost performance. Through experiments on KITTI and nuScenes, our method can filter out $45.7\%$ false positives while maintaining the recall, achieving new S.O.T.A. performance and removing the need for manually threshold tuning.      
### 5.iNeRF: Inverting Neural Radiance Fields for Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05877.pdf)
>  We present iNeRF, a framework that performs pose estimation by "inverting" a trained Neural Radiance Field (NeRF). NeRFs have been shown to be remarkably effective for the task of view synthesis - synthesizing photorealistic novel views of real-world scenes or objects. In this work, we investigate whether we can apply analysis-by-synthesis with NeRF for 6DoF pose estimation - given an image, find the translation and rotation of a camera relative to a 3D model. Starting from an initial pose estimate, we use gradient descent to minimize the residual between pixels rendered from an already-trained NeRF and pixels in an observed image. In our experiments, we first study 1) how to sample rays during pose refinement for iNeRF to collect informative gradients and 2) how different batch sizes of rays affect iNeRF on a synthetic dataset. We then show that for complex real-world scenes from the LLFF dataset, iNeRF can improve NeRF by estimating the camera poses of novel images and using these images as additional training data for NeRF. Finally, we show iNeRF can be combined with feature-based pose initialization. The approach outperforms all other RGB-based methods relying on synthetic data on LineMOD.      
### 6.SPAA: Stealthy Projector-based Adversarial Attacks on Deep Image Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05858.pdf)
>  Light-based adversarial attacks aim to fool deep learning-based image classifiers by altering the physical light condition using a controllable light source, e.g., a projector. Compared with physical attacks that place carefully designed stickers or printed adversarial objects, projector-based ones obviate modifying the physical entities. Moreover, projector-based attacks can be performed transiently and dynamically by altering the projection pattern. However, existing approaches focus on projecting adversarial patterns that result in clearly perceptible camera-captured perturbations, while the more interesting yet challenging goal, stealthy projector-based attack, remains an open problem. In this paper, for the first time, we formulate this problem as an end-to-end differentiable process and propose Stealthy Projector-based Adversarial Attack (SPAA). In SPAA, we approximate the real project-and-capture operation using a deep neural network named PCNet, then we include PCNet in the optimization of projector-based attacks such that the generated adversarial projection is physically plausible. Finally, to generate robust and stealthy adversarial projections, we propose an optimization algorithm that uses minimum perturbation and adversarial confidence thresholds to alternate between the adversarial loss and stealthiness loss optimization. Our experimental evaluations show that the proposed SPAA clearly outperforms other methods by achieving higher attack success rates and meanwhile being stealthier.      
### 7.Full-Glow: Fully conditional Glow for more realistic image generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05846.pdf)
>  Autonomous agents, such as driverless cars, require large amounts of labeled visual data for their training. A viable approach for acquiring such data is training a generative model with collected real data, and then augmenting the collected real dataset with synthetic images from the model, generated with control of the scene layout and ground truth labeling. In this paper we propose Full-Glow, a fully conditional Glow-based architecture for generating plausible and realistic images of novel street scenes given a semantic segmentation map indicating the scene layout. Benchmark comparisons show our model to outperform recent works in terms of the semantic segmentation performance of a pretrained PSPNet. This indicates that images from our model are, to a higher degree than from other models, similar to real images of the same kinds of scenes and objects, making them suitable as training data for a visual semantic segmentation or object recognition system.      
### 8.Sylvester Matrix Based Similarity Estimation Method for Automation of Defect Detection in Textile Fabrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05800.pdf)
>  Fabric defect detection is a crucial quality control step in the textile manufacturing industry. In this article, machine vision system based on the Sylvester Matrix Based Similarity Method (SMBSM) is proposed to automate the defect detection process. The algorithm involves six phases, namely resolution matching, image enhancement using Histogram Specification and Median-Mean Based Sub-Image-Clipped Histogram Equalization, image registration through alignment and hysteresis process, image subtraction, edge detection, and fault detection by means of the rank of the Sylvester matrix. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method is robust and yields an accuracy of 93.4%, precision of 95.8%, with 2275 ms computational speed.      
### 9.Efficient Nonlinear RX Anomaly Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05799.pdf)
>  Current anomaly detection algorithms are typically challenged by either accuracy or efficiency. More accurate nonlinear detectors are typically slow and not scalable. In this letter, we propose two families of techniques to improve the efficiency of the standard kernel Reed-Xiaoli (RX) method for anomaly detection by approximating the kernel function with either {\em data-independent} random Fourier features or {\em data-dependent} basis with the Nyström approach. We compare all methods for both real multi- and hyperspectral images. We show that the proposed efficient methods have a lower computational cost and they perform similar (or outperform) the standard kernel RX algorithm thanks to their implicit regularization effect. Last but not least, the Nyström approach has an improved power of detection.      
### 10.Demystifying Pseudo-LiDAR for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05796.pdf)
>  Pseudo-LiDAR-based methods for monocular 3D object detection have generated large attention in the community due to performance gains showed on the KITTI3D benchmark dataset, in particular on the commonly reported validation split. This generated a distorted impression about the superiority of Pseudo-LiDAR approaches against methods working with RGB-images only. Our first contribution consists in rectifying this view by analysing and showing experimentally that the validation results published by Pseudo-LiDAR-based methods are substantially biased. The source of the bias resides in an overlap between the KITTI3D object detection validation set and the training/validation sets used to train depth predictors feeding Pseudo-LiDAR-based methods. Surprisingly, the bias remains also after geographically removing the overlap, revealing the presence of a more structured contamination. This leaves the test set as the only reliable mean of comparison, where published Pseudo-LiDAR-based methods do not excel. Our second contribution brings Pseudo-LiDAR-based methods back up in the ranking with the introduction of a 3D confidence prediction module. Thanks to the proposed architectural changes, our modified Pseudo-LiDAR-based methods exhibit extraordinary gains on the test scores (up to +8% 3D AP).      
### 11.Machine Learning Information Fusion in Earth Observation: A Comprehensive Review of Methods, Applications and Data Sources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05795.pdf)
>  This paper reviews the most important information fusion data-driven algorithms based on Machine Learning (ML) techniques for problems in Earth observation. Nowadays we observe and model the Earth with a wealth of observations, from a plethora of different sensors, measuring states, fluxes, processes and variables, at unprecedented spatial and temporal resolutions. Earth observation is well equipped with remote sensing systems, mounted on satellites and airborne platforms, but it also involves in-situ observations, numerical models and social media data streams, among other data sources. Data-driven approaches, and ML techniques in particular, are the natural choice to extract significant information from this data deluge. This paper produces a thorough review of the latest work on information fusion for Earth observation, with a practical intention, not only focusing on describing the most relevant previous works in the field, but also the most important Earth observation applications where ML information fusion has obtained significant results. We also review some of the most currently used data sets, models and sources for Earth observation problems, describing their importance and how to obtain the data when needed. Finally, we illustrate the application of ML data fusion with a representative set of case studies, as well as we discuss and outlook the near future of the field.      
### 12.OneNet: Towards End-to-End One-Stage Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05780.pdf)
>  End-to-end one-stage object detection trailed thus far. This paper discovers that the lack of classification cost between sample and ground-truth in label assignment is the main obstacle for one-stage detectors to remove Non-maximum Suppression(NMS) and reach end-to-end. Existing one-stage object detectors assign labels by only location cost, e.g. box IoU or point distance. Without classification cost, sole location cost leads to redundant boxes of high confidence scores in inference, making NMS necessary post-processing. To design an end-to-end one-stage object detector, we propose Minimum Cost Assignment. The cost is the summation of classification cost and location cost between sample and ground-truth. For each object ground-truth, only one sample of minimum cost is assigned as the positive sample; others are all negative samples. To evaluate the effectiveness of our method, we design an extremely simple one-stage detector named OneNet. Our results show that when trained with Minimum Cost Assignment, OneNet avoids producing duplicated boxes and achieves to end-to-end detector. On COCO dataset, OneNet achieves 35.0 AP/80 FPS and 37.7 AP/50 FPS with image size of 512 pixels. We hope OneNet could serve as an effective baseline for end-to-end one-stage object detection. The code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PeizeSun/OneNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 13.R-AGNO-RPN: A LIDAR-Camera Region Deep Network for Resolution-Agnostic Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05740.pdf)
>  Current neural networks-based object detection approaches processing LiDAR point clouds are generally trained from one kind of LiDAR sensors. However, their performances decrease when they are tested with data coming from a different LiDAR sensor than the one used for training, i.e., with a different point cloud resolution. In this paper, R-AGNO-RPN, a region proposal network built on fusion of 3D point clouds and RGB images is proposed for 3D object detection regardless of point cloud resolution. As our approach is designed to be also applied on low point cloud resolutions, the proposed method focuses on object localization instead of estimating refined boxes on reduced data. The resilience to low-resolution point cloud is obtained through image features accurately mapped to Bird's Eye View and a specific data augmentation procedure that improves the contribution of the RGB images. To show the proposed network's ability to deal with different point clouds resolutions, experiments are conducted on both data coming from the KITTI 3D Object Detection and the nuScenes datasets. In addition, to assess its performances, our method is compared to PointPillars, a well-known 3D detection network. Experimental results show that even on point cloud data reduced by $80\%$ of its original points, our method is still able to deliver relevant proposals localization.      
### 14.HRCenterNet: An Anchorless Approach to Chinese Character Segmentation in Historical Documents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05739.pdf)
>  The information provided by historical documents has always been indispensable in the transmission of human civilization, but it has also made these books susceptible to damage due to various factors. Thanks to recent technology, the automatic digitization of these documents are one of the quickest and most effective means of preservation. The main steps of automatic text digitization can be divided into two stages, mainly: character segmentation and character recognition, where the recognition results depend largely on the accuracy of segmentation. Therefore, in this study, we will only focus on the character segmentation of historical Chinese documents. In this research, we propose a model named HRCenterNet, which is combined with an anchorless object detection method and parallelized architecture. The MTHv2 dataset consists of over 3000 Chinese historical document images and over 1 million individual Chinese characters; with these enormous data, the segmentation capability of our model achieves IoU 0.81 on average with the best speed-accuracy trade-off compared to the others. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Tverous/HRCenterNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Look Before you Speak: Visually Contextualized Utterances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05710.pdf)
>  While most conversational AI systems focus on textual dialogue only, conditioning utterances on visual context (when it's available) can lead to more realistic conversations. Unfortunately, a major challenge for incorporating visual context into conversational dialogue is the lack of large-scale labeled datasets. We provide a solution in the form of a new visually conditioned Future Utterance Prediction task. Our task involves predicting the next utterance in a video, using both visual frames and transcribed speech as context. By exploiting the large number of instructional videos online, we train a model to solve this task at scale, without the need for manual annotations. Leveraging recent advances in multimodal learning, our model consists of a novel co-attentional multimodal video transformer, and when trained on both textual and visual context, outperforms baselines that use textual inputs alone. Further, we demonstrate that our model trained for this task on unlabelled videos achieves state-of-the-art performance on a number of downstream VideoQA benchmarks such as MSRVTT-QA, MSVD-QA, ActivityNet-QA and How2QA.      
### 16.TFPnP: Tuning-free Plug-and-Play Proximal Algorithm with Applications to Inverse Imaging Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05703.pdf)
>  Plug-and-Play (PnP) is a non-convex framework that combines proximal algorithms, for example alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM), with advanced denoiser priors. Over the past few years, great empirical success has been obtained by PnP algorithms, especially for the ones integrated with deep learning-based denoisers. However, a crucial issue of PnP approaches is the need of manual parameter tweaking. As it is essential to obtain high-quality results across the high discrepancy in terms of imaging conditions and varying scene content. In this work, we present a tuning-free PnP proximal algorithm, which can automatically determine the internal parameters including the penalty parameter, the denoising strength and the termination time. A core part of our approach is to develop a policy network for automatic search of parameters, which can be effectively learned via mixed model-free and model-based deep reinforcement learning. We demonstrate, through a set of numerical and visual experiments, that the learned policy can customize different parameters for different states, and often more efficient and effective than existing handcrafted criteria. Moreover, we discuss the practical considerations of the plugged denoisers, which together with our learned policy yield to state-of-the-art results. This is prevalent on both linear and nonlinear exemplary inverse imaging problems, and in particular, we show promising results on compressed sensing MRI, sparse-view CT and phase retrieval.      
### 17.An Analysis of Deep Object Detectors For Diver Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05701.pdf)
>  With the end goal of selecting and using diver detection models to support human-robot collaboration capabilities such as diver following, we thoroughly analyze a large set of deep neural networks for diver detection. We begin by producing a dataset of approximately 105,000 annotated images of divers sourced from videos -- one of the largest and most varied diver detection datasets ever created. Using this dataset, we train a variety of state-of-the-art deep neural networks for object detection, including SSD with Mobilenet, Faster R-CNN, and YOLO. Along with these single-frame detectors, we also train networks designed for detection of objects in a video stream, using temporal information as well as single-frame image information. We evaluate these networks on typical accuracy and efficiency metrics, as well as on the temporal stability of their detections. Finally, we analyze the failures of these detectors, pointing out the most common scenarios of failure. Based on our results, we recommend SSDs or Tiny-YOLOv4 for real-time applications on robots and recommend further investigation of video object detection methods.      
### 18.Independent Sign Language Recognition with 3D Body, Hands, and Face Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05698.pdf)
>  Independent Sign Language Recognition is a complex visual recognition problem that combines several challenging tasks of Computer Vision due to the necessity to exploit and fuse information from hand gestures, body features and facial expressions. While many state-of-the-art works have managed to deeply elaborate on these features independently, to the best of our knowledge, no work has adequately combined all three information channels to efficiently recognize Sign Language. In this work, we employ SMPL-X, a contemporary parametric model that enables joint extraction of 3D body shape, face and hands information from a single image. We use this holistic 3D reconstruction for SLR, demonstrating that it leads to higher accuracy than recognition from raw RGB images and their optical flow fed into the state-of-the-art I3D-type network for 3D action recognition and from 2D Openpose skeletons fed into a Recurrent Neural Network. Finally, a set of experiments on the body, face and hand features showed that neglecting any of these, significantly reduces the classification accuracy, proving the importance of jointly modeling body shape, facial expression and hand pose for Sign Language Recognition.      
### 19.Increased performance in DDM analysis by calculating structure functions through Fourier transform in time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05695.pdf)
>  Differential Dynamic Microscopy (DDM) is the combination of optical microscopy to statistical analysis to obtain information about the dynamical behaviour of a variety of samples spanning from soft matter physics to biology. In DDM, the dynamical evolution of the samples is investigated separately at different length scales and extracted from a set of images recorded at different times. A specific result of interest is the structure function that can be computed via spatial Fourier transforms and differences of signals. In this work, we present an algorithm to efficiently process a set of images according to the DDM analysis scheme. We bench-marked the new approach against the state-of-the-art algorithm reported in previous work. The new implementation computes the DDM analysis faster, thanks to an additional Fourier transform in time instead of performing differences of signals. This allows obtaining very fast analysis also in CPU based machine. In order to test the new code, we performed the DDM analysis over sets of more than 1000 images with and without the help of GPU hardware acceleration. As an example, for images of $512 \times 512$ pixels, the new algorithm is 10 times faster than the previous GPU code. Without GPU hardware acceleration and for the same set of images, we found that the new algorithm is 300 faster than the old one both running only on the CPU.      
### 20.Lookahead optimizer improves the performance of Convolutional Autoencoders for reconstruction of natural images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05694.pdf)
>  Autoencoders are a class of artificial neural networks which have gained a lot of attention in the recent past. Using the encoder block of an autoencoder the input image can be compressed into a meaningful representation. Then a decoder is employed to reconstruct the compressed representation back to a version which looks like the input image. It has plenty of applications in the field of data compression and denoising. Another version of Autoencoders (AE) exist, called Variational AE (VAE) which acts as a generative model like GAN. Recently, an optimizer was introduced which is known as lookahead optimizer which significantly enhances the performances of Adam as well as SGD. In this paper, we implement Convolutional Autoencoders (CAE) and Convolutional Variational Autoencoders (CVAE) with lookahead optimizer (with Adam) and compare them with the Adam (only) optimizer counterparts. For this purpose, we have used a movie dataset comprising of natural images for the former case and CIFAR100 for the latter case. We show that lookahead optimizer (with Adam) improves the performance of CAEs for reconstruction of natural images.      
### 21.Interactive Fusion of Multi-level Features for Compositional Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05689.pdf)
>  To understand a complex action, multiple sources of information, including appearance, positional, and semantic features, need to be integrated. However, these features are difficult to be fused since they often differ significantly in modality and dimensionality. In this paper, we present a novel framework that accomplishes this goal by interactive fusion, namely, projecting features across different spaces and guiding it using an auxiliary prediction task. Specifically, we implement the framework in three steps, namely, positional-to-appearance feature extraction, semantic feature interaction, and semantic-to-positional prediction. We evaluate our approach on two action recognition datasets, Something-Something and Charades. Interactive fusion achieves consistent accuracy gain beyond off-the-shelf action recognition algorithms. In particular, on Something-Else, the compositional setting of Something-Something, interactive fusion reports a remarkable gain of 2.9% in terms of top-1 accuracy.      
### 22.Geometric Adversarial Attacks and Defenses on 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05657.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are prone to adversarial examples that maliciously alter the network's outcome. Due to the increasing popularity of 3D sensors in safety-critical systems and the vast deployment of deep learning models for 3D point sets, there is a growing interest in adversarial attacks and defenses for such models. So far, the research has focused on the semantic level, namely, deep point cloud classifiers. However, point clouds are also widely used in a geometric-related form that includes encoding and reconstructing the geometry. In this work, we explore adversarial examples at a geometric level. That is, a small change to a clean source point cloud leads, after passing through an autoencoder model, to a shape from a different target class. On the defense side, we show that remnants of the attack's target shape are still present at the reconstructed output after applying the defense to the adversarial input. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/itailang/geometric_adv" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Concept Generalization in Visual Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05649.pdf)
>  Measuring concept generalization, i.e., the extent to which models trained on a set of (seen) visual concepts can be used to recognize a new set of (unseen) concepts, is a popular way of evaluating visual representations, especially when they are learned with self-supervised learning. Nonetheless, the choice of which unseen concepts to use is usually made arbitrarily, and independently from the seen concepts used to train representations, thus ignoring any semantic relationships between the two. In this paper, we argue that semantic relationships between seen and unseen concepts affect generalization performance and propose ImageNet-CoG, a novel benchmark on the ImageNet dataset that enables measuring concept generalization in a principled way. Our benchmark leverages expert knowledge that comes from WordNet in order to define a sequence of unseen ImageNet concept sets that are semantically more and more distant from the ImageNet-1K subset, a ubiquitous training set. This allows us to benchmark visual representations learned on ImageNet-1K out-of-the box: we analyse a number of such models from supervised, semi-supervised and self-supervised approaches under the prism of concept generalization, and show how our benchmark is able to uncover a number of interesting insights. We will provide resources for the benchmark at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://europe.naverlabs.com/cog-benchmark" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Can we detect harmony in artistic compositions? A machine learning approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05633.pdf)
>  Harmony in visual compositions is a concept that cannot be defined or easily expressed mathematically, even by humans. The goal of the research described in this paper was to find a numerical representation of artistic compositions with different levels of harmony. We ask humans to rate a collection of grayscale images based on the harmony they convey. To represent the images, a set of special features were designed and extracted. By doing so, it became possible to assign objective measures to subjectively judged compositions. Given the ratings and the extracted features, we utilized machine learning algorithms to evaluate the efficiency of such representations in a harmony classification problem. The best performing model (SVM) achieved 80% accuracy in distinguishing between harmonic and disharmonic images, which reinforces the assumption that concept of harmony can be expressed in a mathematical way that can be assessed by humans.      
### 25.Enhancing Human Pose Estimation in Ancient Vase Paintings via Perceptually-grounded Style Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05616.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation (HPE) is a central part of understanding the visual narration and body movements of characters depicted in artwork collections, such as Greek vase paintings. Unfortunately, existing HPE methods do not generalise well across domains resulting in poorly recognized poses. Therefore, we propose a two step approach: (1) adapting a dataset of natural images of known person and pose annotations to the style of Greek vase paintings by means of image style-transfer. We introduce a perceptually-grounded style transfer training to enforce perceptual consistency. Then, we fine-tune the base model with this newly created dataset. We show that using style-transfer learning significantly improves the SOTA performance on unlabelled data by more than 6% mean average precision (mAP) as well as mean average recall (mAR). (2) To improve the already strong results further, we created a small dataset (ClassArch) consisting of ancient Greek vase paintings from the 6-5th century BCE with person and pose annotations. We show that fine-tuning on this data with a style-transferred model improves the performance further. In a thorough ablation study, we give a targeted analysis of the influence of style intensities, revealing that the model learns generic domain styles. Additionally, we provide a pose-based image retrieval to demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 26.Retinex-inspired Unrolling with Cooperative Prior Architecture Search for Low-light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05609.pdf)
>  Low-light image enhancement plays very important roles in low-level vision field. Recent works have built a large variety of deep learning models to address this task. However, these approaches mostly rely on significant architecture engineering and suffer from high computational burden. In this paper, we propose a new method, named Retinex-inspired Unrolling with Architecture Search (RUAS), to construct lightweight yet effective enhancement network for low-light images in real-world scenario. Specifically, building upon Retinex rule, RUAS first establishes models to characterize the intrinsic underexposed structure of low-light images and unroll their optimization processes to construct our holistic propagation structure. Then by designing a cooperative reference-free learning strategy to discover low-light prior architectures from a compact search space, RUAS is able to obtain a top-performing image enhancement network, which is with fast speed and requires few computational resources. Extensive experiments verify the superiority of our RUAS framework against recently proposed state-of-the-art methods.      
### 27.Exploiting Diverse Characteristics and Adversarial Ambivalence for Domain Adaptive Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05608.pdf)
>  Adapting semantic segmentation models to new domains is an important but challenging problem. Recently enlightening progress has been made, but the performance of existing methods are unsatisfactory on real datasets where the new target domain comprises of heterogeneous sub-domains (e.g., diverse weather characteristics). We point out that carefully reasoning about the multiple modalities in the target domain can improve the robustness of adaptation models. To this end, we propose a condition-guided adaptation framework that is empowered by a special attentive progressive adversarial training (APAT) mechanism and a novel self-training policy. The APAT strategy progressively performs condition-specific alignment and attentive global feature matching. The new self-training scheme exploits the adversarial ambivalences of easy and hard adaptation regions and the correlations among target sub-domains effectively. We evaluate our method (DCAA) on various adaptation scenarios where the target images vary in weather conditions. The comparisons against baselines and the state-of-the-art approaches demonstrate the superiority of DCAA over the competitors.      
### 28.Amodal Segmentation Based on Visible Region Segmentation and Shape Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05598.pdf)
>  Almost all existing amodal segmentation methods make the inferences of occluded regions by using features corresponding to the whole image.      
### 29.An Asynchronous Kalman Filter for Hybrid Event Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05590.pdf)
>  We present an Asynchronous Kalman Filter (AKF) to reconstruct High Dynamic Range (HDR) videos by fusing low-dynamic range images with event data. Event cameras are ideally suited to capture HDR visual information without blur but perform poorly on static or slowly changing scenes. Conversely, conventional image sensors measure absolute intensity of slowly changing scenes effectively but do poorly on quickly changing scenes with high dynamic range. The proposed approach exploits advantages of hybrid sensors under a unifying uncertainty model for both conventional frames and events. We present a novel dataset targeting challenging HDR and fast motion scenes captured on two separate sensors: an RGB frame-based camera and an event camera. Our video reconstruction outperforms the state-of-the-art algorithms on existing datasets and our targeted HDR dataset.      
### 30.Full Matching on Low Resolution for Disparity Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05586.pdf)
>  A Multistage Full Matching disparity estimation scheme (MFM) is proposed in this work. We demonstrate that decouple all similarity scores directly from the low-resolution 4D volume step by step instead of estimating low-resolution 3D cost volume through focusing on optimizing the low-resolution 4D volume iteratively leads to more accurate disparity. To this end, we first propose to decompose the full matching task into multiple stages of the cost aggregation module. Specifically, we decompose the high-resolution predicted results into multiple groups, and every stage of the newly designed cost aggregation module learns only to estimate the results for a group of points. This alleviates the problem of feature internal competitive when learning similarity scores of all candidates from one low-resolution 4D volume output from one stage. Then, we propose the strategy of \emph{Stages Mutual Aid}, which takes advantage of the relationship of multiple stages to boost similarity scores estimation of each stage, to solve the unbalanced prediction of multiple stages caused by serial multistage framework. Experiment results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves more accurate disparity estimation results and outperforms state-of-the-art methods on Scene Flow, KITTI 2012 and KITTI 2015 datasets.      
### 31.Image Matching with Scale Adjustment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05582.pdf)
>  In this paper we address the problem of matching two images with two different resolutions: a high-resolution image and a low-resolution one. The difference in resolution between the two images is not known and without loss of generality one of the images is assumed to be the high-resolution one. On the premise that changes in resolution act as a smoothing equivalent to changes in scale, a scale-space representation of the high-resolution image is produced. Hence the one-to-one classical image matching paradigm becomes one-to-many because the low-resolution image is compared with all the scale-space representations of the high-resolution one. Key to the success of such a process is the proper representation of the features to be matched in scale-space. We show how to represent and extract interest points at variable scales and we devise a method allowing the comparison of two images at two different resolutions. The method comprises the use of photometric- and rotation-invariant descriptors, a geometric model mapping the high-resolution image onto a low-resolution image region, and an image matching strategy based on local constraints and on the robust estimation of this geometric model. Extensive experiments show that our matching method can be used for scale changes up to a factor of 6.      
### 32.Direct Depth Learning Network for Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05570.pdf)
>  Being a crucial task of autonomous driving, Stereo matching has made great progress in recent years. Existing stereo matching methods estimate disparity instead of depth. They treat the disparity errors as the evaluation metric of the depth estimation errors, since the depth can be calculated from the disparity according to the triangulation principle. However, we find that the error of the depth depends not only on the error of the disparity but also on the depth range of the points. Therefore, even if the disparity error is low, the depth error is still large, especially for the distant points. In this paper, a novel Direct Depth Learning Network (DDL-Net) is designed for stereo matching. DDL-Net consists of two stages: the Coarse Depth Estimation stage and the Adaptive-Grained Depth Refinement stage, which are all supervised by depth instead of disparity. Specifically, Coarse Depth Estimation stage uniformly samples the matching candidates according to depth range to construct cost volume and output coarse depth. Adaptive-Grained Depth Refinement stage performs further matching near the coarse depth to correct the imprecise matching and wrong matching. To make the Adaptive-Grained Depth Refinement stage robust to the coarse depth and adaptive to the depth range of the points, the Granularity Uncertainty is introduced to Adaptive-Grained Depth Refinement stage. Granularity Uncertainty adjusts the matching range and selects the candidates' features according to coarse prediction confidence and depth range. We verify the performance of DDL-Net on SceneFlow dataset and DrivingStereo dataset by different depth metrics. Results show that DDL-Net achieves an average improvement of 25% on the SceneFlow dataset and $12\%$ on the DrivingStereo dataset comparing the classical methods. More importantly, we achieve state-of-the-art accuracy at a large distance.      
### 33.Debiased-CAM for bias-agnostic faithful visual explanations of deep convolutional networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05567.pdf)
>  Class activation maps (CAMs) explain convolutional neural network predictions by identifying salient pixels, but they become misaligned and misleading when explaining predictions on images under bias, such as images blurred accidentally or deliberately for privacy protection, or images with improper white balance. Despite model fine-tuning to improve prediction performance on these biased images, we demonstrate that CAM explanations become more deviated and unfaithful with increased image bias. We present Debiased-CAM to recover explanation faithfulness across various bias types and levels by training a multi-input, multi-task model with auxiliary tasks for CAM and bias level predictions. With CAM as a prediction task, explanations are made tunable by retraining the main model layers and made faithful by self-supervised learning from CAMs of unbiased images. The model provides representative, bias-agnostic CAM explanations about the predictions on biased images as if generated from their unbiased form. In four simulation studies with different biases and prediction tasks, Debiased-CAM improved both CAM faithfulness and task performance. We further conducted two controlled user studies to validate its truthfulness and helpfulness, respectively. Quantitative and qualitative analyses of participant responses confirmed Debiased-CAM as more truthful and helpful. Debiased-CAM thus provides a basis to generate more faithful and relevant explanations for a wide range of real-world applications with various sources of bias.      
### 34.DI-Fusion: Online Implicit 3D Reconstruction with Deep Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05551.pdf)
>  Previous online 3D dense reconstruction methods often cost massive memory storage while achieving unsatisfactory surface quality mainly due to the usage of stagnant underlying geometry representation, such as TSDF (truncated signed distance functions) or surfels, without any knowledge of the scene priors. In this paper, we present DI-Fusion (Deep Implicit Fusion), based on a novel 3D representation, called Probabilistic Local Implicit Voxels (PLIVoxs), for online 3D reconstruction using a commodity RGB-D camera. Our PLIVox encodes scene priors considering both the local geometry and uncertainty parameterized by a deep neural network. With such deep priors, we demonstrate by extensive experiments that we are able to perform online implicit 3D reconstruction achieving state-of-the-art mapping quality and camera trajectory estimation accuracy, while taking much less storage compared with previous online 3D reconstruction approaches.      
### 35.Image Captioning with Context-Aware Auxiliary Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05545.pdf)
>  Image captioning is a challenging computer vision task, which aims to generate a natural language description of an image. Most recent researches follow the encoder-decoder framework which depends heavily on the previous generated words for the current prediction. Such methods can not effectively take advantage of the future predicted information to learn complete semantics. In this paper, we propose Context-Aware Auxiliary Guidance (CAAG) mechanism that can guide the captioning model to perceive global contexts. Upon the captioning model, CAAG performs semantic attention that selectively concentrates on useful information of the global predictions to reproduce the current generation. To validate the adaptability of the method, we apply CAAG to three popular captioners and our proposal achieves competitive performance on the challenging Microsoft COCO image captioning benchmark, e.g. 132.2 CIDEr-D score on Karpathy split and 130.7 CIDEr-D (c40) score on official online evaluation server.      
### 36.Topology-Adaptive Mesh Deformation for Surface Evolution, Morphing, and Multi-View Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05536.pdf)
>  Triangulated meshes have become ubiquitous discrete-surface representations. In this paper we address the problem of how to maintain the manifold properties of a surface while it undergoes strong deformations that may cause topological changes. We introduce a new self-intersection removal algorithm, TransforMesh, and we propose a mesh evolution framework based on this algorithm. Numerous shape modelling applications use surface evolution in order to improve shape properties, such as appearance or accuracy. Both explicit and implicit representations can be considered for that purpose. However, explicit mesh representations, while allowing for accurate surface modelling, suffer from the inherent difficulty of reliably dealing with self-intersections and topological changes such as merges and splits. As a consequence, a majority of methods rely on implicit representations of surfaces, e.g. level-sets, that naturally overcome these issues. Nevertheless, these methods are based on volumetric discretizations, which introduce an unwanted precision-complexity trade-off. The method that we propose handles topological changes in a robust manner and removes self intersections, thus overcoming the traditional limitations of mesh-based approaches. To illustrate the effectiveness of TransforMesh, we describe two challenging applications, namely surface morphing and 3-D reconstruction.      
### 37.SSD-GAN: Measuring the Realness in the Spatial and Spectral Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05535.pdf)
>  This paper observes that there is an issue of high frequencies missing in the discriminator of standard GAN, and we reveal it stems from downsampling layers employed in the network architecture. This issue makes the generator lack the incentive from the discriminator to learn high-frequency content of data, resulting in a significant spectrum discrepancy between generated images and real images. Since the Fourier transform is a bijective mapping, we argue that reducing this spectrum discrepancy would boost the performance of GANs. To this end, we introduce SSD-GAN, an enhancement of GANs to alleviate the spectral information loss in the discriminator. Specifically, we propose to embed a frequency-aware classifier into the discriminator to measure the realness of the input in both the spatial and spectral domains. With the enhanced discriminator, the generator of SSD-GAN is encouraged to learn high-frequency content of real data and generate exact details. The proposed method is general and can be easily integrated into most existing GANs framework without excessive cost. The effectiveness of SSD-GAN is validated on various network architectures, objective functions, and datasets. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cyq373/SSD-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Synthesizing Long-Term 3D Human Motion and Interaction in 3D Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05522.pdf)
>  Synthesizing 3D human motion plays an important role in many graphics applications as well as understanding human activity. While many efforts have been made on generating realistic and natural human motion, most approaches neglect the importance of modeling human-scene interactions and affordance. On the other hand, affordance reasoning (e.g., standing on the floor or sitting on the chair) has mainly been studied with static human pose and gestures, and it has rarely been addressed with human motion. In this paper, we propose to bridge human motion synthesis and scene affordance reasoning. We present a hierarchical generative framework to synthesize long-term 3D human motion conditioning on the 3D scene structure. Building on this framework, we further enforce multiple geometry constraints between the human mesh and scene point clouds via optimization to improve realistic synthesis. Our experiments show significant improvements over previous approaches on generating natural and physically plausible human motion in a scene.      
### 39.Spatiotemporal Graph Neural Network based Mask Reconstruction for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05499.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the task of segmenting class-agnostic objects in semi-supervised setting. Although previous detection based methods achieve relatively good performance, these approaches extract the best proposal by a greedy strategy, which may lose the local patch details outside the chosen candidate. In this paper, we propose a novel spatiotemporal graph neural network (STG-Net) to reconstruct more accurate masks for video object segmentation, which captures the local contexts by utilizing all proposals. In the spatial graph, we treat object proposals of a frame as nodes and represent their correlations with an edge weight strategy for mask context aggregation. To capture temporal information from previous frames, we use a memory network to refine the mask of current frame by retrieving historic masks in a temporal graph. The joint use of both local patch details and temporal relationships allow us to better address the challenges such as object occlusion and missing. Without online learning and fine-tuning, our STG-Net achieves state-of-the-art performance on four large benchmarks (DAVIS, YouTube-VOS, SegTrack-v2, and YouTube-Objects), demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed approach.      
### 40.Auto-MVCNN: Neural Architecture Search for Multi-view 3D Shape Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05493.pdf)
>  In 3D shape recognition, multi-view based methods leverage human's perspective to analyze 3D shapes and have achieved significant outcomes. Most existing research works in deep learning adopt handcrafted networks as backbones due to their high capacity of feature extraction, and also benefit from ImageNet pretraining. However, whether these network architectures are suitable for 3D analysis or not remains unclear. In this paper, we propose a neural architecture search method named Auto-MVCNN which is particularly designed for optimizing architecture in multi-view 3D shape recognition. Auto-MVCNN extends gradient-based frameworks to process multi-view images, by automatically searching the fusion cell to explore intrinsic correlation among view features. Moreover, we develop an end-to-end scheme to enhance retrieval performance through the trade-off parameter search. Extensive experimental results show that the searched architectures significantly outperform manually designed counterparts in various aspects, and our method achieves state-of-the-art performance at the same time.      
### 41.One for More: Selecting Generalizable Samples for Generalizable ReID Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05475.pdf)
>  Current training objectives of existing person Re-IDentification (ReID) models only ensure that the loss of the model decreases on selected training batch, with no regards to the performance on samples outside the batch. It will inevitably cause the model to over-fit the data in the dominant position (e.g., head data in imbalanced class, easy samples or noisy samples). %We call the sample that updates the model towards generalizing on more data a generalizable sample. The latest resampling methods address the issue by designing specific criterion to select specific samples that trains the model generalize more on certain type of data (e.g., hard samples, tail data), which is not adaptive to the inconsistent real world ReID data distributions. Therefore, instead of simply presuming on what samples are generalizable, this paper proposes a one-for-more training objective that directly takes the generalization ability of selected samples as a loss function and learn a sampler to automatically select generalizable samples. More importantly, our proposed one-for-more based sampler can be seamlessly integrated into the ReID training framework which is able to simultaneously train ReID models and the sampler in an end-to-end fashion. The experimental results show that our method can effectively improve the ReID model training and boost the performance of ReID models.      
### 42.Tensor Composition Net for Visual Relationship Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05473.pdf)
>  We present a novel Tensor Composition Network (TCN) to predict visual relationships in images. Visual Relationships in subject-predicate-object form provide a more powerful query modality than simple image tags. However Visual Relationship Prediction (VRP) also provides a more challenging test of image understanding than conventional image tagging, and is difficult to learn due to a large label-space and incomplete annotation. The key idea of our TCN is to exploit the low rank property of the visual relationship tensor, so as to leverage correlations within and across objects and relationships, and make a structured prediction of all objects and their relations in an image. To show the effectiveness of our method, we first empirically compare our model with multi-label classification alternatives on VRP, and show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art MLIC methods. We then show that, thanks to our tensor (de)composition layer, our model can predict visual relationships which have not been seen in training dataset. We finally show our TCN's image-level visual relationship prediction provides a simple and efficient mechanism for relation-based image retrieval.      
### 43.Investigating Bias in Image Classification using Model Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05463.pdf)
>  We evaluated whether model explanations could efficiently detect bias in image classification by highlighting discriminating features, thereby removing the reliance on sensitive attributes for fairness calculations. To this end, we formulated important characteristics for bias detection and observed how explanations change as the degree of bias in models change. The paper identifies strengths and best practices for detecting bias using explanations, as well as three main weaknesses: explanations poorly estimate the degree of bias, could potentially introduce additional bias into the analysis, and are sometimes inefficient in terms of human effort involved.      
### 44.Few-shot Medical Image Segmentation using a Global Correlation Network with Discriminative Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05440.pdf)
>  Despite deep convolutional neural networks achieved impressive progress in medical image computing and analysis, its paradigm of supervised learning demands a large number of annotations for training to avoid overfitting and achieving promising results. In clinical practices, massive semantic annotations are difficult to acquire in some conditions where specialized biomedical expert knowledge is required, and it is also a common condition where only few annotated classes are available. In this work, we proposed a novel method for few-shot medical image segmentation, which enables a segmentation model to fast generalize to an unseen class with few training images. We construct our few-shot image segmentor using a deep convolutional network trained episodically. Motivated by the spatial consistency and regularity in medical images, we developed an efficient global correlation module to capture the correlation between a support and query image and incorporate it into the deep network called global correlation network. Moreover, we enhance discriminability of deep embedding to encourage clustering of the feature domains of the same class while keep the feature domains of different organs far apart. Ablation Study proved the effectiveness of the proposed global correlation module and discriminative embedding loss. Extensive experiments on anatomical abdomen images on both CT and MRI modalities are performed to demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of our proposed model.      
### 45.Developing Motion Code Embedding for Action Recognition in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05438.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a motion embedding strategy known as motion codes, which is a vectorized representation of motions based on a manipulation's salient mechanical attributes. These motion codes provide a robust motion representation, and they are obtained using a hierarchy of features called the motion taxonomy. We developed and trained a deep neural network model that combines visual and semantic features to identify the features found in our motion taxonomy to embed or annotate videos with motion codes. To demonstrate the potential of motion codes as features for machine learning tasks, we integrated the extracted features from the motion embedding model into the current state-of-the-art action recognition model. The obtained model achieved higher accuracy than the baseline model for the verb classification task on egocentric videos from the EPIC-KITCHENS dataset.      
### 46.Learning Optimization-inspired Image Propagation with Control Mechanisms and Architecture Augmentations for Low-level Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05435.pdf)
>  In recent years, building deep learning models from optimization perspectives has becoming a promising direction for solving low-level vision problems. The main idea of most existing approaches is to straightforwardly combine numerical iterations with manually designed network architectures to generate image propagations for specific kinds of optimization models. However, these heuristic learning models often lack mechanisms to control the propagation and rely on architecture engineering heavily. To mitigate the above issues, this paper proposes a unified optimization-inspired deep image propagation framework to aggregate Generative, Discriminative and Corrective (GDC for short) principles for a variety of low-level vision tasks. Specifically, we first formulate low-level vision tasks using a generic optimization objective and construct our fundamental propagative modules from three different viewpoints, i.e., the solution could be obtained/learned 1) in generative manner; 2) based on discriminative metric, and 3) with domain knowledge correction. By designing control mechanisms to guide image propagations, we then obtain convergence guarantees of GDC for both fully- and partially-defined optimization formulations. Furthermore, we introduce two architecture augmentation strategies (i.e., normalization and automatic search) to respectively enhance the propagation stability and task/data-adaption ability. Extensive experiments on different low-level vision applications demonstrate the effectiveness and flexibility of GDC.      
### 47.A Free Lunch for Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Object Detection without Source Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05400.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) assumes that source and target domain data are freely available and usually trained together to reduce the domain gap. However, considering the data privacy and the inefficiency of data transmission, it is impractical in real scenarios. Hence, it draws our eyes to optimize the network in the target domain without accessing labeled source data. To explore this direction in object detection, for the first time, we propose a source data-free domain adaptive object detection (SFOD) framework via modeling it into a problem of learning with noisy labels. Generally, a straightforward method is to leverage the pre-trained network from the source domain to generate the pseudo labels for target domain optimization. However, it is difficult to evaluate the quality of pseudo labels since no labels are available in target domain. In this paper, self-entropy descent (SED) is a metric proposed to search an appropriate confidence threshold for reliable pseudo label generation without using any handcrafted labels. Nonetheless, completely clean labels are still unattainable. After a thorough experimental analysis, false negatives are found to dominate in the generated noisy labels. Undoubtedly, false negatives mining is helpful for performance improvement, and we ease it to false negatives simulation through data augmentation like Mosaic. Extensive experiments conducted in four representative adaptation tasks have demonstrated that the proposed framework can easily achieve state-of-the-art performance. From another view, it also reminds the UDA community that the labeled source data are not fully exploited in the existing methods.      
### 48.MO-LTR: Multiple Object Localization, Tracking, and Reconstruction from Monocular RGB Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05360.pdf)
>  Semantic aware reconstruction is more advantageous than geometric-only reconstruction for future robotic and AR/VR applications because it represents not only where things are, but also what things are. Object-centric mapping is a task to build an object-level reconstruction where objects are separate and meaningful entities that convey both geometry and semantic information. In this paper, we present MO-LTR, a solution to object-centric mapping using only monocular image sequences and camera poses. It is able to localize, track, and reconstruct multiple objects in an online fashion when an RGB camera captures a video of the surrounding. Given a new RGB frame, MO-LTR firstly applies a monocular 3D detector to localize objects of interest and extract their shape codes that represent the object shape in a learned embedding space. Detections are then merged to existing objects in the map after data association. Motion state (i.e. kinematics and the motion status) of each object is tracked by a multiple model Bayesian filter and object shape is progressively refined by fusing multiple shape code. We evaluate localization, tracking, and reconstruction on benchmarking datasets for indoor and outdoor scenes, and show superior performance over previous approaches.      
### 49.Automatic Diagnosis of Malaria from Thin Blood Smear Images using Deep Convolutional Neural Network with Multi-Resolution Feature Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05350.pdf)
>  Malaria, a life-threatening disease, infects millions of people every year throughout the world demanding faster diagnosis for proper treatment before any damages occur. In this paper, an end-to-end deep learning-based approach is proposed for faster diagnosis of malaria from thin blood smear images by making efficient optimizations of features extracted from diversified receptive fields. Firstly, an efficient, highly scalable deep neural network, named as DilationNet, is proposed that incorporates features from a large spectrum by varying dilation rates of convolutions to extract features from different receptive areas. Next, the raw images are resampled to various resolutions to introduce variations in the receptive fields that are used for independently optimizing different forms of DilationNet scaled for different resolutions of images. Afterward, a feature fusion scheme is introduced with the proposed DeepFusionNet architecture for jointly optimizing the feature space of these individually trained networks operating on different levels of observations. All the convolutional layers of various forms of DilationNets that are optimized to extract spatial features from different resolutions of images are directly transferred to provide a variegated feature space from any image. Later, joint optimization of these spatial features is carried out in the DeepFusionNet to extract the most relevant representation of the sample image. This scheme offers the opportunity to explore the feature space extensively by varying the observation level to accurately diagnose the abnormality. Intense experimentations on a publicly available dataset show outstanding performance with accuracy over 99.5% outperforming other state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 50.Vulnerability Analysis of Face Morphing Attacks from Landmarks and Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05344.pdf)
>  Morphing attacks is a threat to biometric systems where the biometric reference in an identity document can be altered. This form of attack presents an important issue in applications relying on identity documents such as border security or access control. Research in face morphing attack detection is developing rapidly, however very few datasets with several forms of attacks are publicly available. This paper bridges this gap by providing a new dataset with four different types of morphing attacks, based on OpenCV, FaceMorpher, WebMorph and a generative adversarial network (StyleGAN), generated with original face images from three public face datasets. We also conduct extensive experiments to assess the vulnerability of the state-of-the-art face recognition systems, notably FaceNet, VGG-Face, and ArcFace. The experiments demonstrate that VGG-Face, while being less accurate face recognition system compared to FaceNet, is also less vulnerable to morphing attacks. Also, we observed that naïve morphs generated with a StyleGAN do not pose a significant threat.      
### 51.3D attention mechanism for fine-grained classification of table tennis strokes using a Twin Spatio-Temporal Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05342.pdf)
>  The paper addresses the problem of recognition of actions in video with low inter-class variability such as Table Tennis strokes. Two stream, "twin" convolutional neural networks are used with 3D convolutions both on RGB data and optical flow. Actions are recognized by classification of temporal windows. We introduce 3D attention modules and examine their impact on classification efficiency. In the context of the study of sportsmen performances, a corpus of the particular actions of table tennis strokes is considered. The use of attention blocks in the network speeds up the training step and improves the classification scores up to 5% with our twin model. We visualize the impact on the obtained features and notice correlation between attention and player movements and position. Score comparison of state-of-the-art action classification method and proposed approach with attentional blocks is performed on the corpus. Proposed model with attention blocks outperforms previous model without them and our baseline.      
### 52.GAN Steerability without optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05328.pdf)
>  Recent research has shown remarkable success in revealing "steering" directions in the latent spaces of pre-trained GANs. These directions correspond to semantically meaningful image transformations e.g., shift, zoom, color manipulations), and have similar interpretable effects across all categories that the GAN can generate. Some methods focus on user-specified transformations, while others discover transformations in an unsupervised manner. However, all existing techniques rely on an optimization procedure to expose those directions, and offer no control over the degree of allowed interaction between different transformations. In this paper, we show that "steering" trajectories can be computed in closed form directly from the generator's weights without any form of training or optimization. This applies to user-prescribed geometric transformations, as well as to unsupervised discovery of more complex effects. Our approach allows determining both linear and nonlinear trajectories, and has many advantages over previous methods. In particular, we can control whether one transformation is allowed to come on the expense of another (e.g. zoom-in with or without allowing translation to keep the object centered). Moreover, we can determine the natural end-point of the trajectory, which corresponds to the largest extent to which a transformation can be applied without incurring degradation. Finally, we show how transferring attributes between images can be achieved without optimization, even across different categories.      
### 53.Convolutional Neural Networks for Multispectral Image Cloud Masking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05325.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have proven to be state of the art methods for many image classification tasks and their use is rapidly increasing in remote sensing problems. One of their major strengths is that, when enough data is available, CNN perform an end-to-end learning without the need of custom feature extraction methods. In this work, we study the use of different CNN architectures for cloud masking of Proba-V multispectral images. We compare such methods with the more classical machine learning approach based on feature extraction plus supervised classification. Experimental results suggest that CNN are a promising alternative for solving cloud masking problems.      
### 54.Multi-Model Learning for Real-Time Automotive Semantic Foggy Scene Understanding via Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05320.pdf)
>  Robust semantic scene segmentation for automotive applications is a challenging problem in two key aspects: (1) labelling every individual scene pixel and (2) performing this task under unstable weather and illumination changes (e.g., foggy weather), which results in poor outdoor scene visibility. Such visibility limitations lead to non-optimal performance of generalised deep convolutional neural network-based semantic scene segmentation. In this paper, we propose an efficient end-to-end automotive semantic scene understanding approach that is robust to foggy weather conditions. As an end-to-end pipeline, our proposed approach provides: (1) the transformation of imagery from foggy to clear weather conditions using a domain transfer approach (correcting for poor visibility) and (2) semantically segmenting the scene using a competitive encoder-decoder architecture with low computational complexity (enabling real-time performance). Our approach incorporates RGB colour, depth and luminance images via distinct encoders with dense connectivity and features fusion to effectively exploit information from different inputs, which contributes to an optimal feature representation within the overall model. Using this architectural formulation with dense skip connections, our model achieves comparable performance to contemporary approaches at a fraction of the overall model complexity.      
### 55.Competitive Simplicity for Multi-Task Learning for Real-Time Foggy Scene Understanding via Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05304.pdf)
>  Automotive scene understanding under adverse weather conditions raises a realistic and challenging problem attributable to poor outdoor scene visibility (e.g. foggy weather). However, because most contemporary scene understanding approaches are applied under ideal-weather conditions, such approaches may not provide genuinely optimal performance when compared to established a priori insights on extreme-weather understanding. In this paper, we propose a complex but competitive multi-task learning approach capable of performing in real-time semantic scene understanding and monocular depth estimation under foggy weather conditions by leveraging both recent advances in adversarial training and domain adaptation. As an end-to-end pipeline, our model provides a novel solution to surpass degraded visibility in foggy weather conditions by transferring scenes from foggy to normal using a GAN-based model. For optimal performance in semantic segmentation, our model generates depth to be used as complementary source information with RGB in the segmentation network. We provide a robust method for foggy scene understanding by training two models (normal and foggy) simultaneously with shared weights (each model is trained on each weather condition independently). Our model incorporates RGB colour, depth, and luminance images via distinct encoders with dense connectivity and features fusing, and leverages skip connections to produce consistent depth and segmentation predictions. Using this architectural formulation with light computational complexity at inference time, we are able to achieve comparable performance to contemporary approaches at a fraction of the overall model complexity.      
### 56.ViP-DeepLab: Learning Visual Perception with Depth-aware Video Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05258.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present ViP-DeepLab, a unified model attempting to tackle the long-standing and challenging inverse projection problem in vision, which we model as restoring the point clouds from perspective image sequences while providing each point with instance-level semantic interpretations. Solving this problem requires the vision models to predict the spatial location, semantic class, and temporally consistent instance label for each 3D point. ViP-DeepLab approaches it by jointly performing monocular depth estimation and video panoptic segmentation. We name this joint task as Depth-aware Video Panoptic Segmentation, and propose a new evaluation metric along with two derived datasets for it, which will be made available to the public. On the individual sub-tasks, ViP-DeepLab also achieves state-of-the-art results, outperforming previous methods by 5.1% VPQ on Cityscapes-VPS, ranking 1st on the KITTI monocular depth estimation benchmark, and 1st on KITTI MOTS pedestrian. The datasets and the evaluation codes are made publicly available.      
### 57.Flexible Few-Shot Learning with Contextual Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05895.pdf)
>  Existing approaches to few-shot learning deal with tasks that have persistent, rigid notions of classes. Typically, the learner observes data only from a fixed number of classes at training time and is asked to generalize to a new set of classes at test time. Two examples from the same class would always be assigned the same labels in any episode. In this work, we consider a realistic setting where the similarities between examples can change from episode to episode depending on the task context, which is not given to the learner. We define new benchmark datasets for this flexible few-shot scenario, where the tasks are based on images of faces (Celeb-A), shoes (Zappos50K), and general objects (ImageNet-with-Attributes). While classification baselines and episodic approaches learn representations that work well for standard few-shot learning, they suffer in our flexible tasks as novel similarity definitions arise during testing. We propose to build upon recent contrastive unsupervised learning techniques and use a combination of instance and class invariance learning, aiming to obtain general and flexible features. We find that our approach performs strongly on our new flexible few-shot learning benchmarks, demonstrating that unsupervised learning obtains more generalizable representations.      
### 58.Learning Tubule-Sensitive CNNs for Pulmonary Airway and Artery-Vein Segmentation in CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05767.pdf)
>  Training convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for segmentation of pulmonary airway, artery, and vein is challenging due to sparse supervisory signals caused by the severe class imbalance between tubular targets and background. We present a CNNs-based method for accurate airway and artery-vein segmentation in non-contrast computed tomography. It enjoys superior sensitivity to tenuous peripheral bronchioles, arterioles, and venules. The method first uses a feature recalibration module to make the best use of features learned from the neural networks. Spatial information of features is properly integrated to retain relative priority of activated regions, which benefits the subsequent channel-wise recalibration. Then, attention distillation module is introduced to reinforce representation learning of tubular objects. Fine-grained details in high-resolution attention maps are passing down from one layer to its previous layer recursively to enrich context. Anatomy prior of lung context map and distance transform map is designed and incorporated for better artery-vein differentiation capacity. Extensive experiments demonstrated considerable performance gains brought by these components. Compared with state-of-the-art methods, our method extracted much more branches while maintaining competitive overall segmentation performance. Codes and models will be available later at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.pami.sjtu.edu.cn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 59.3D Bounding Box Detection in Volumetric Medical Image Data: A Systematic Literature Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05745.pdf)
>  This paper discusses current methods and trends for 3D bounding box detection in volumetric medical image data. For this purpose, an overview of relevant papers from recent years is given. 2D and 3D implementations are discussed and compared. Multiple identified approaches for localizing anatomical structures are presented. The results show that most research recently focuses on Deep Learning methods, such as Convolutional Neural Networks vs. methods with manual feature engineering, e.g. Random-Regression-Forests. An overview of bounding box detection options is presented and helps researchers to select the most promising approach for their target objects.      
### 60.Effect of the regularization hyperparameter on deep learning-based segmentation in LGE-MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05661.pdf)
>  In this preliminary evaluation, the author demonstrates the extent to which the arbitrary selection of the L2 regularization hyperparameter can affect the outcome of deep learning-based segmentation in LGE-MRI. Also, the author adopts the manual adjustment or tunning, of other deep learning hyperparameters, to be done only when 10% of all epochs are reached before attaining the 90% validation accuracy. With the arbitrary L2 regularization values, used in the experiments, the results showed that the smaller L2 regularization number can lead to better segmentation of the myocardium and/or higher accuracy.      
### 61.Performance Comparison of Balanced and Unbalanced Cancer Datasets using Pre-Trained Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05585.pdf)
>  Cancer disease is one of the leading causes of death all over the world. Breast cancer, which is a common cancer disease especially in women, is quite common. The most important tool used for early detection of this cancer type, which requires a long process to establish a definitive diagnosis, is histopathological images taken by biopsy. These obtained images are examined by pathologists and a definitive diagnosis is made. It is quite common to detect this process with the help of a computer. Detection of benign or malignant tumors, especially by using data with different magnification rates, takes place in the literature. In this study, two different balanced and unbalanced study groups have been formed by using the histopathological data in the BreakHis data set. We have examined how the performances of balanced and unbalanced data sets change in detecting tumor type. In conclusion, in the study performed using the InceptionV3 convolution neural network model, 93.55% accuracy, 99.19% recall and 87.10% specificity values have been obtained for balanced data, while 89.75% accuracy, 82.89% recall and 91.51% specificity values have been obtained for unbalanced data. According to the results obtained in two different studies, the balance of the data increases the overall performance as well as the detection performance of both benign and malignant tumors. It can be said that the model trained with the help of data sets created in a balanced way will give pathology specialists higher and accurate results.      
### 62.Large-Scale Generative Data-Free Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05578.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation is one of the most popular and effective techniques for knowledge transfer, model compression and semi-supervised learning. Most existing distillation approaches require the access to original or augmented training samples. But this can be problematic in practice due to privacy, proprietary and availability concerns. Recent work has put forward some methods to tackle this problem, but they are either highly time-consuming or unable to scale to large datasets. To this end, we propose a new method to train a generative image model by leveraging the intrinsic normalization layers' statistics of the trained teacher network. This enables us to build an ensemble of generators without training data that can efficiently produce substitute inputs for subsequent distillation. The proposed method pushes forward the data-free distillation performance on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 to 95.02% and 77.02% respectively. Furthermore, we are able to scale it to ImageNet dataset, which to the best of our knowledge, has never been done using generative models in a data-free setting.      
### 63.Effect of Different Batch Size Parameters on Predicting of COVID19 Cases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05534.pdf)
>  The new coronavirus 2019, also known as COVID19, is a very serious epidemic that has killed thousands or even millions of people since December 2019. It was defined as a pandemic by the world health organization in March 2020. It is stated that this virus is usually transmitted by droplets caused by sneezing or coughing, or by touching infected surfaces. The presence of the virus is detected by real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR) tests with the help of a swab taken from the nose or throat. In addition, X-ray and CT imaging methods are also used to support this method. Since it is known that the accuracy sensitivity in rRT-PCR test is low, auxiliary diagnostic methods have a very important place. Computer-aided diagnosis and detection systems are developed especially with the help of X-ray and CT images. Studies on the detection of COVID19 in the literature are increasing day by day. In this study, the effect of different batch size (BH=3, 10, 20, 30, 40, and 50) parameter values on their performance in detecting COVID19 and other classes was investigated using data belonging to 4 different (Viral Pneumonia, COVID19, Normal, Bacterial Pneumonia) classes. The study was carried out using a pre-trained ResNet50 convolutional neural network. According to the obtained results, they performed closely on the training and test data. However, it was observed that the steady state in the test data was delayed as the batch size value increased. The highest COVID19 detection was 95.17% for BH = 3, while the overall accuracy value was 97.97% with BH = 20. According to the findings, it can be said that the batch size value does not affect the overall performance significantly, but the increase in the batch size value delays obtaining stable results.      
### 64.Detection of Covid-19 Patients with Convolutional Neural Network Based Features on Multi-class X-ray Chest Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05525.pdf)
>  Covid-19 is a very serious deadly disease that has been announced as a pandemic by the world health organization (WHO). The whole world is working with all its might to end Covid-19 pandemic, which puts countries in serious health and economic problems, as soon as possible. The most important of these is to correctly identify those who get the Covid-19. Methods and approaches to support the reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test have begun to take place in the literature. In this study, chest X-ray images, which can be accessed easily and quickly, were used because the covid-19 attacked the respiratory systems. Classification performances with support vector machines have been obtained by using the features extracted with residual networks (ResNet-50), one of the convolutional neural network models, from these images. While Covid-19 detection is obtained with support vector machines (SVM)-quadratic with the highest sensitivity value of 96.35% with the 5-fold cross-validation method, the highest overall performance value has been detected with both SVM-quadratic and SVM-cubic above 99%. According to these high results, it is thought that this method, which has been studied, will help radiology specialists and reduce the rate of false detection.      
### 65.COVID-MTL: Multitask Learning with Shift3D and Random-weighted Loss for Diagnosis and Severity Assessment of COVID-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05509.pdf)
>  The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in over 67 million infections with over 1.5 million deaths worldwide so far. Both computer tomography (CT) diagnosis and nucleic acid test (NAT) have their pros and cons. Here we present a multitask-learning (MTL) framework, termed COVID-MTL, which is capable of simultaneously detecting COVID-19 against both radiology and NAT as well as assessing infection severity. We proposed an active-contour based method to refine lung segmentation results on COVID-19 CT scans and a Shift3D real-time 3D augmentation algorithm to improve the convergence and accuracy of state-of-the-art 3D CNNs. A random-weighted multitask loss function was then proposed, which made simultaneous learning of different COVID-19 tasks more stable and accurate. By only using CT data and extracting lung imaging features, COVID-MTL was trained on 930 CT scans and tested on another 399 cases, which yielded AUCs of 0.939 and 0.846, and accuracies of 90.23% and 79.20% for detection of COVID-19 against radiology and NAT, respectively, and outperformed state-of-the-art models. COVID-MTL yielded AUC of 0.800 $\pm$ 0.020 and 0.813 $\pm$ 0.021 (with transfer learning) for classifying control/suspected (AUC of 0.841), mild/regular (AUC of 0.808), and severe/critically-ill (AUC of 0.789) cases. Besides, we identified top imaging biomarkers that are significantly related (P &lt; 0.001) to the positivity and severity of COVID-19.      
### 66.Deep learning methods for SAR image despeckling: trends and perspectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05508.pdf)
>  Synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images are affected by a spatially-correlated and signal-dependent noise called speckle, which is very severe and may hinder image exploitation. Despeckling is an important task that aims at removing such noise, so as to improve the accuracy of all downstream image processing tasks. The first despeckling methods date back to the 1970's, and several model-based algorithms have been developed in the subsequent years. The field has received growing attention, sparkled by the availability of powerful deep learning models that have yielded excellent performance for inverse problems in image processing. This paper surveys the literature on deep learning methods applied to SAR despeckling, covering both the supervised and the more recent self-supervised approaches. We provide a critical analysis of existing methods with the objective to recognize the most promising research lines, to identify the factors that have limited the success of deep models, and to propose ways forward in an attempt to fully exploit the potential of deep learning for SAR despeckling.      
### 67.Automatic Generation of Interpretable Lung Cancer Scoring Models from Chest X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05447.pdf)
>  Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death and morbidity worldwide with early detection being the key to a positive patient prognosis. Although a multitude of studies have demonstrated that machine learning, and particularly deep learning, techniques are effective at automatically diagnosing lung cancer, these techniques have yet to be clinically approved and accepted/adopted by the medical community. Rather than attempting to provide an artificial 'second reading' we instead focus on the automatic creation of viable decision tree models from publicly available data using computer vision and machine learning techniques. For a small inferencing dataset, this method achieves a best accuracy over 84% with a positive predictive value of 83% for the malignant class. Furthermore, the decision trees created by this process may be considered as a starting point for refinement by medical experts into clinically usable multi-variate lung cancer scoring and diagnostic models.      
### 68.Composite Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05434.pdf)
>  Adversarial attack is a technique for deceiving Machine Learning (ML) models, which provides a way to evaluate the adversarial robustness. In practice, attack algorithms are artificially selected and tuned by human experts to break a ML system. However, manual selection of attackers tends to be sub-optimal, leading to a mistakenly assessment of model security. In this paper, a new procedure called Composite Adversarial Attack (CAA) is proposed for automatically searching the best combination of attack algorithms and their hyper-parameters from a candidate pool of \textbf{32 base attackers}. We design a search space where attack policy is represented as an attacking sequence, i.e., the output of the previous attacker is used as the initialization input for successors. Multi-objective NSGA-II genetic algorithm is adopted for finding the strongest attack policy with minimum complexity. The experimental result shows CAA beats 10 top attackers on 11 diverse defenses with less elapsed time (\textbf{6 $\times$ faster than AutoAttack}), and achieves the new state-of-the-art on $l_{\infty}$, $l_{2}$ and unrestricted adversarial attacks.      
### 69.Facial expressions can detect Parkinson's disease: preliminary evidence from videos collected online  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05373.pdf)
>  One of the symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD) is hypomimia or reduced facial expressions. In this paper, we present a digital biomarker for PD that utilizes the study of micro-expressions. We analyzed the facial action units (AU) from 1812 videos of 604 individuals (61 with PD and 543 without PD, mean age 63.9 yo, sd 7.8 ) collected online using a web-based tool (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.parktest.net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>). In these videos, participants were asked to make three facial expressions (a smiling, disgusted, and surprised face) followed by a neutral face. Using techniques from computer vision and machine learning, we objectively measured the variance of the facial muscle movements and used it to distinguish between individuals with and without PD. The prediction accuracy using the facial micro-expressions was comparable to those methodologies that utilize motor symptoms. Logistic regression analysis revealed that participants with PD had less variance in AU6 (cheek raiser), AU12 (lip corner puller), and AU4 (brow lowerer) than non-PD individuals. An automated classifier using Support Vector Machine was trained on the variances and achieved 95.6% accuracy. Using facial expressions as a biomarker for PD could be potentially transformative for patients in need of physical separation (e.g., due to COVID) or are immobile.      
### 70.Neural Rate Control for Video Encoding using Imitation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05339.pdf)
>  In modern video encoders, rate control is a critical component and has been heavily engineered. It decides how many bits to spend to encode each frame, in order to optimize the rate-distortion trade-off over all video frames. This is a challenging constrained planning problem because of the complex dependency among decisions for different video frames and the bitrate constraint defined at the end of the episode. <br>We formulate the rate control problem as a Partially Observable Markov Decision Process (POMDP), and apply imitation learning to learn a neural rate control policy. We demonstrate that by learning from optimal video encoding trajectories obtained through evolution strategies, our learned policy achieves better encoding efficiency and has minimal constraint violation. In addition to imitating the optimal actions, we find that additional auxiliary losses, data augmentation/refinement and inference-time policy improvements are critical for learning a good rate control policy. We evaluate the learned policy against the rate control policy in libvpx, a widely adopted open source VP9 codec library, in the two-pass variable bitrate (VBR) mode. We show that over a diverse set of real-world videos, our learned policy achieves 8.5% median bitrate reduction without sacrificing video quality.      
### 71.Unsupervised Adversarial Domain Adaptation For Barrett's Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05316.pdf)
>  Barrett's oesophagus (BE) is one of the early indicators of esophageal cancer. Patients with BE are monitored and undergo ablation therapies to minimise the risk, thereby making it eminent to identify the BE area precisely. Automated segmentation can help clinical endoscopists to assess and treat BE area more accurately. Endoscopy imaging of BE can include multiple modalities in addition to the conventional white light (WL) modality. Supervised models require large amount of manual annotations incorporating all data variability in the training data. However, it becomes cumbersome, tedious and labour intensive work to generate manual annotations, and additionally modality specific expertise is required. In this work, we aim to alleviate this problem by applying an unsupervised domain adaptation technique (UDA). Here, UDA is trained on white light endoscopy images as source domain and are well-adapted to generalise to produce segmentation on different imaging modalities as target domain, namely narrow band imaging and post acetic-acid WL imaging. Our dataset consists of a total of 871 images consisting of both source and target domains. Our results show that the UDA-based approach outperforms traditional supervised U-Net segmentation by nearly 10% on both Dice similarity coefficient and intersection-over-union.      
### 72.Topological Planning with Transformers for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05292.pdf)
>  Conventional approaches to vision-and-language navigation (VLN) are trained end-to-end but struggle to perform well in freely traversable environments. Inspired by the robotics community, we propose a modular approach to VLN using topological maps. Given a natural language instruction and topological map, our approach leverages attention mechanisms to predict a navigation plan in the map. The plan is then executed with low-level actions (e.g. forward, rotate) using a robust controller. Experiments show that our method outperforms previous end-to-end approaches, generates interpretable navigation plans, and exhibits intelligent behaviors such as backtracking.      
### 73.MetaInfoNet: Learning Task-Guided Information for Sample Reweighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05273.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been shown to easily overfit to biased training data with label noise or class imbalance. Meta-learning algorithms are commonly designed to alleviate this issue in the form of sample reweighting, by learning a meta weighting network that takes training losses as inputs to generate sample weights. In this paper, we advocate that choosing proper inputs for the meta weighting network is crucial for desired sample weights in a specific task, while training loss is not always the correct answer. In view of this, we propose a novel meta-learning algorithm, MetaInfoNet, which automatically learns effective representations as inputs for the meta weighting network by emphasizing task-related information with an information bottleneck strategy. Extensive experimental results on benchmark datasets with label noise or class imbalance validate that MetaInfoNet is superior to many state-of-the-art methods.      
