# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 29 Dec 2020
### 1.Deep Neural Models for color discrimination and color constancy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14402.pdf)
>  Color constancy is our ability to perceive constant colors across varying illuminations. Here, we trained deep neural networks to be color constant and evaluated their performance with varying cues. Inputs to the networks consisted of the cone excitations in 3D-rendered images of 2115 different 3D-shapes, with spectral reflectances of 1600 different Munsell chips, illuminated under 278 different natural illuminations. The models were trained to classify the reflectance of the objects. One network, Deep65, was trained under a fixed daylight D65 illumination, while DeepCC was trained under varying illuminations. Testing was done with 4 new illuminations with equally spaced CIEL*a*b* chromaticities, 2 along the daylight locus and 2 orthogonal to it. We found a high degree of color constancy for DeepCC, and constancy was higher along the daylight locus. When gradually removing cues from the scene, constancy decreased. High levels of color constancy were achieved with different DNN architectures. Both ResNets and classical ConvNets of varying degrees of complexity performed well. However, DeepCC, a convolutional network, represented colors along the 3 color dimensions of human color vision, while ResNets showed a more complex representation.      
### 2.Enhanced Regularizers for Attributional Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14395.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are the default choice of learning models for computer vision tasks. Extensive work has been carried out in recent years on explaining deep models for vision tasks such as classification. However, recent work has shown that it is possible for these models to produce substantially different attribution maps even when two very similar images are given to the network, raising serious questions about trustworthiness. To address this issue, we propose a robust attribution training strategy to improve attributional robustness of deep neural networks. Our method carefully analyzes the requirements for attributional robustness and introduces two new regularizers that preserve a model's attribution map during attacks. Our method surpasses state-of-the-art attributional robustness methods by a margin of approximately 3% to 9% in terms of attribution robustness measures on several datasets including MNIST, FMNIST, Flower and GTSRB.      
### 3.Tensor Representations for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14371.pdf)
>  Human actions in video sequences are characterized by the complex interplay between spatial features and their temporal dynamics. In this paper, we propose novel tensor representations for compactly capturing such higher-order relationships between visual features for the task of action recognition. We propose two tensor-based feature representations, viz. (i) sequence compatibility kernel (SCK) and (ii) dynamics compatibility kernels (DCK); the former capitalizing on the spatio-temporal correlations between features, while the latter explicitly modeling the action dynamics of a sequence. We also explore generalization of SCK, coined SCK+, that operates on subsequences to capture the local-global interplay of correlations, as well as can incorporate multi-modal inputs e.g., skeleton 3D body-joints and per-frame classifier scores obtained from deep learning models trained on videos. We introduce linearization of these kernels that lead to compact and fast descriptors. We provide experiments on (i) 3D skeleton action sequences, (ii) fine-grained video sequences, and (iii) standard non-fine-grained videos. <br>As our final representations are tensors that capture higher-order relationships of features, they relate to co-occurrences for robust fine-grained recognition. We use higher-order tensors and so-called Eigenvalue Power Normalization (EPN) which have been long speculated to perform spectral detection of higher-order occurrences; thus detecting fine-grained relationships of features rather than merely count features in scenes. We prove that a tensor of order r, built from Z* dim. features, coupled with EPN indeed detects if at least one higher-order occurrence is `projected' into one of its binom(Z*,r) subspaces of dim. r represented by the tensor; thus forming a Tensor Power Normalization metric endowed with binom(Z*,r) such `detectors'.      
### 4.Lip-reading with Hierarchical Pyramidal Convolution and Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14360.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning architecture to improving word-level lip-reading. On the one hand, we first introduce the multi-scale processing into the spatial feature extraction for lip-reading. Specially, we proposed hierarchical pyramidal convolution (HPConv) to replace the standard convolution in original module, leading to improvements over the model's ability to discover fine-grained lip movements. On the other hand, we merge information in all time steps of the sequence by utilizing self-attention, to make the model pay more attention to the relevant frames. These two advantages are combined together to further enhance the model's classification power. Experiments on the Lip Reading in the Wild (LRW) dataset show that our proposed model has achieved 86.83% accuracy, yielding 1.53% absolute improvement over the current state-of-the-art. We also conducted extensive experiments to better understand the behavior of the proposed model.      
### 5.Data-efficient Weakly-supervised Learning for On-line Object Detection under Domain Shift in Robotics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14345.pdf)
>  Several object detection methods have recently been proposed in the literature, the vast majority based on Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNNs). Such architectures have been shown to achieve remarkable performance, at the cost of computationally expensive batch training and extensive labeling. These methods have important limitations for robotics: Learning solely on off-line data may introduce biases (the so-called domain shift), and prevents adaptation to novel tasks. In this work, we investigate how weakly-supervised learning can cope with these problems. We compare several techniques for weakly-supervised learning in detection pipelines to reduce model (re)training costs without compromising accuracy. In particular, we show that diversity sampling for constructing active learning queries and strong positives selection for self-supervised learning enable significant annotation savings and improve domain shift adaptation. By integrating our strategies into a hybrid DCNN/FALKON on-line detection pipeline [1], our method is able to be trained and updated efficiently with few labels, overcoming limitations of previous work. We experimentally validate and benchmark our method on challenging robotic object detection tasks under domain shift.      
### 6.GAKP: GRU Association and Kalman Prediction for Multiple Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14314.pdf)
>  Multiple Object Tracking (MOT) has been a useful yet challenging task in many real-world applications such as video surveillance, intelligent retail, and smart city. The challenge is how to model long-term temporal dependencies in an efficient manner. Some recent works employ Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) to obtain good performance, which, however, requires a large amount of training data. In this paper, we proposed a novel tracking method that integrates the auto-tuning Kalman method for prediction and the Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) and achieves a near-optimum with a small amount of training data. Experimental results show that our new algorithm can achieve competitive performance on the challenging MOT benchmark, and faster and more robust than the state-of-the-art RNN-based online MOT algorithms.      
### 7.Adaptive Threshold for Better Performance of the Recognition and Re-identification Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14305.pdf)
>  Choosing a decision threshold is one of the challenging job in any classification tasks. How much the model is accurate, if the deciding boundary is not picked up carefully, its entire performance would go in vain. On the other hand, for imbalance classification where one of the classes is dominant over another, relying on the conventional method of choosing threshold would result in poor performance. Even if the threshold or decision boundary is properly chosen based on machine learning strategies like SVM and decision tree, it will fail at some point for dynamically varying databases and in case of identity-features that are more or less similar, like in face recognition and person re-identification models. Hence, with the need for adaptability of the decision threshold selection for imbalanced classification and incremental database size, an online optimization-based statistical feature learning adaptive technique is developed and tested on the LFW datasets and self-prepared athletes datasets. This method of adopting adaptive threshold resulted in 12-45% improvement in the model accuracy compared to the fixed threshold {0.3,0.5,0.7} that are usually taken via the hit-and-trial method in any classification and identification tasks. Source code for the complete algorithm is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Varat7v2/adaptive-threshold" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 8.Context-Aware Personality Inference in Dyadic Scenarios: Introducing the UDIVA Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14259.pdf)
>  This paper introduces UDIVA, a new non-acted dataset of face-to-face dyadic interactions, where interlocutors perform competitive and collaborative tasks with different behavior elicitation and cognitive workload. The dataset consists of 90.5 hours of dyadic interactions among 147 participants distributed in 188 sessions, recorded using multiple audiovisual and physiological sensors. Currently, it includes sociodemographic, self- and peer-reported personality, internal state, and relationship profiling from participants. As an initial analysis on UDIVA, we propose a transformer-based method for self-reported personality inference in dyadic scenarios, which uses audiovisual data and different sources of context from both interlocutors to regress a target person's personality traits. Preliminary results from an incremental study show consistent improvements when using all available context information.      
### 9.Compositional Prototype Network with Multi-view Comparision for Few-Shot Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14255.pdf)
>  Point cloud segmentation is a fundamental visual understanding task in 3D vision. A fully supervised point cloud segmentation network often requires a large amount of data with point-wise annotations, which is expensive to obtain. In this work, we present the Compositional Prototype Network that can undertake point cloud segmentation with only a few labeled training data. Inspired by the few-shot learning literature in images, our network directly transfers label information from the limited training data to unlabeled test data for prediction. The network decomposes the representations of complex point cloud data into a set of local regional representations and utilizes them to calculate the compositional prototypes of a visual concept. Our network includes a key Multi-View Comparison Component that exploits the redundant views of the support set. To evaluate the proposed method, we create a new segmentation benchmark dataset, ScanNet-$6^i$, which is built upon ScanNet dataset. Extensive experiments show that our method outperforms baselines with a significant advantage. Moreover, when we use our network to handle the long-tail problem in a fully supervised point cloud segmentation dataset, it can also effectively boost the performance of the few-shot classes.      
### 10.Instance Segmentation of Industrial Point Cloud Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14253.pdf)
>  The challenge that this paper addresses is how to efficiently minimize the cost and manual labour for automatically generating object oriented geometric Digital Twins (gDTs) of industrial facilities, so that the benefits provide even more value compared to the initial investment to generate these models. Our previous work achieved the current state-of-the-art class segmentation performance (75% average accuracy per point and average AUC 90% in the CLOI dataset classes) as presented in (Agapaki and Brilakis 2020) and directly produces labelled point clusters of the most important to model objects (CLOI classes) from laser scanned industrial data. CLOI stands for C-shapes, L-shapes, O-shapes, I-shapes and their combinations. However, the problem of automated segmentation of individual instances that can then be used to fit geometric shapes remains unsolved. We argue that the use of instance segmentation algorithms has the theoretical potential to provide the output needed for the generation of gDTs. We solve instance segmentation in this paper through (a) using a CLOI-Instance graph connectivity algorithm that segments the point clusters of an object class into instances and (b) boundary segmentation of points that improves step (a). Our method was tested on the CLOI benchmark dataset (Agapaki et al. 2019) and segmented instances with 76.25% average precision and 70% average recall per point among all classes. This proved that it is the first to automatically segment industrial point cloud shapes with no prior knowledge other than the class point label and is the bedrock for efficient gDT generation in cluttered industrial point clouds.      
### 11.DeepSurfels: Learning Online Appearance Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14240.pdf)
>  We present DeepSurfels, a novel hybrid scene representation for geometry and appearance information. DeepSurfels combines explicit and neural building blocks to jointly encode geometry and appearance information. In contrast to established representations, DeepSurfels better represents high-frequency textures, is well-suited for online updates of appearance information, and can be easily combined with machine learning methods. We further present an end-to-end trainable online appearance fusion pipeline that fuses information provided by RGB images into the proposed scene representation and is trained using self-supervision imposed by the reprojection error with respect to the input images. Our method compares favorably to classical texture mapping approaches as well as recently proposed learning-based techniques. Moreover, we demonstrate lower runtime, improved generalization capabilities, and better scalability to larger scenes compared to existing methods.      
### 12.Longitudinal diffusion MRI analysis using Segis-Net: a single-step deep-learning framework for simultaneous segmentation and registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14230.pdf)
>  This work presents a single-step deep-learning framework for longitudinal image analysis, coined Segis-Net. To optimally exploit information available in longitudinal data, this method concurrently learns a multi-class segmentation and nonlinear registration. Segmentation and registration are modeled using a convolutional neural network and optimized simultaneously for their mutual benefit. An objective function that optimizes spatial correspondence for the segmented structures across time-points is proposed. We applied Segis-Net to the analysis of white matter tracts from N=8045 longitudinal brain MRI datasets of 3249 elderly individuals. Segis-Net approach showed a significant increase in registration accuracy, spatio-temporal segmentation consistency, and reproducibility comparing with two multistage pipelines. This also led to a significant reduction in the sample-size that would be required to achieve the same statistical power in analyzing tract-specific measures. Thus, we expect that Segis-Net can serve as a new reliable tool to support longitudinal imaging studies to investigate macro- and microstructural brain changes over time.      
### 13.TransPose: Towards Explainable Human Pose Estimation by Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14214.pdf)
>  Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have made remarkable progress on human pose estimation task. However, there is no explicit understanding of how the locations of body keypoints are predicted by CNN, and it is also unknown what spatial dependency relationships between structural variables are learned in the model. To explore these questions, we construct an explainable model named TransPose based on Transformer architecture and low-level convolutional blocks. Given an image, the attention layers built in Transformer can capture long-range spatial relationships between keypoints and explain what dependencies the predicted keypoints locations highly rely on. We analyze the rationality of using attention as the explanation to reveal the spatial dependencies in this task. The revealed dependencies are image-specific and variable across different keypoint types, layer depths, or trained models. The experiments show that TransPose can accurately predict the positions of keypoints. It achieves state-of-the-art performance on COCO dataset, while being more interpretable, lightweight, and efficient than mainstream fully convolutional architectures.      
### 14.Action Recognition with Kernel-based Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14186.pdf)
>  Learning graph convolutional networks (GCNs) is an emerging field which aims at generalizing deep learning to arbitrary non-regular domains. Most of the existing GCNs follow a neighborhood aggregation scheme, where the representation of a node is recursively obtained by aggregating its neighboring node representations using averaging or sorting operations. However, these operations are either ill-posed or weak to be discriminant or increase the number of training parameters and thereby the computational complexity and the risk of overfitting. In this paper, we introduce a novel GCN framework that achieves spatial graph convolution in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS). The latter makes it possible to design, via implicit kernel representations, convolutional graph filters in a high dimensional and more discriminating space without increasing the number of training parameters. The particularity of our GCN model also resides in its ability to achieve convolutions without explicitly realigning nodes in the receptive fields of the learned graph filters with those of the input graphs, thereby making convolutions permutation agnostic and well defined. Experiments conducted on the challenging task of skeleton-based action recognition show the superiority of the proposed method against different baselines as well as the related work.      
### 15.A cortical-inspired sub-Riemannian model for Poggendorff-type visual illusions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14184.pdf)
>  We consider Wilson-Cowan-type models for the mathematical orientation-dependent description of Poggendorff-like illusions. Our modelling improves the cortical-inspired approaches used in [1,2] by encoding within the neuronal interaction term the sub-Riemannian heat kernel, in agreement with the intrinsically anisotropic functional architecture of V1 based both on local and lateral connections. For the numerical realisation of both models, we consider standard gradient descent algorithms combined with Fourier-based approaches for the efficient computation of the sub-Laplacian evolution. Our numerical results show that the use of the sub-Riemannian kernel allows to reproduce numerically visual misperceptions and inpainting-type biases that standard approaches were not able to replicate [3].      
### 16.Deep Visual Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14176.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) aims at improving the performance of a model on target domains by transferring the knowledge contained in different but related source domains. With recent advances in deep learning models which are extremely data hungry, the interest for visual DA has significantly increased in the last decade and the number of related work in the field exploded. The aim of this paper, therefore, is to give a comprehensive overview of deep domain adaptation methods for computer vision applications. First, we detail and compared different possible ways of exploiting deep architectures for domain adaptation. Then, we propose an overview of recent trends in deep visual DA. Finally, we mention a few improvement strategies, orthogonal to these methods, that can be applied to these models. While we mainly focus on image classification, we give pointers to papers that extend these ideas for other applications such as semantic segmentation, object detection, person re-identifications, and others.      
### 17.Playing to distraction: towards a robust training of CNN classifiers through visual explanation techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14173.pdf)
>  The field of deep learning is evolving in different directions, with still the need for more efficient training strategies. In this work, we present a novel and robust training scheme that integrates visual explanation techniques in the learning process. Unlike the attention mechanisms that focus on the relevant parts of images, we aim to improve the robustness of the model by making it pay attention to other regions as well. Broadly speaking, the idea is to distract the classifier in the learning process to force it to focus not only on relevant regions but also on those that, a priori, are not so informative for the discrimination of the class. We tested the proposed approach by embedding it into the learning process of a convolutional neural network for the analysis and classification of two well-known datasets, namely Stanford cars and FGVC-Aircraft. Furthermore, we evaluated our model on a real-case scenario for the classification of egocentric images, allowing us to obtain relevant information about peoples' lifestyles. In particular, we work on the challenging EgoFoodPlaces dataset, achieving state-of-the-art results with a lower level of complexity. The obtained results indicate the suitability of our proposed training scheme for image classification, improving the robustness of the final model.      
### 18.Multiple Document Datasets Pre-training Improves Text Line Detection With Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14163.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a fully convolutional network for the document layout analysis task. While state-of-the-art methods are using models pre-trained on natural scene images, our method Doc-UFCN relies on a U-shaped model trained from scratch for detecting objects from historical documents. We consider the line segmentation task and more generally the layout analysis problem as a pixel-wise classification task then our model outputs a pixel-labeling of the input images. We show that Doc-UFCN outperforms state-of-the-art methods on various datasets and also demonstrate that the pre-trained parts on natural scene images are not required to reach good results. In addition, we show that pre-training on multiple document datasets can improve the performances. We evaluate the models using various metrics to have a fair and complete comparison between the methods.      
### 19.Deep Graph Normalizer: A Geometric Deep Learning Approach for Estimating Connectional Brain Templates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14131.pdf)
>  A connectional brain template (CBT) is a normalized graph-based representation of a population of brain networks also regarded as an average connectome. CBTs are powerful tools for creating representative maps of brain connectivity in typical and atypical populations. Particularly, estimating a well-centered and representative CBT for populations of multi-view brain networks (MVBN) is more challenging since these networks sit on complex manifolds and there is no easy way to fuse different heterogeneous network views. This problem remains unexplored with the exception of a few recent works rooted in the assumption that the relationship between connectomes are mostly linear. However, such an assumption fails to capture complex patterns and non-linear variation across individuals. Besides, existing methods are simply composed of sequential MVBN processing blocks without any feedback mechanism, leading to error accumulation. To address these issues, we propose Deep Graph Normalizer (DGN), the first geometric deep learning (GDL) architecture for normalizing a population of MVBNs by integrating them into a single connectional brain template. Our end-to-end DGN learns how to fuse multi-view brain networks while capturing non-linear patterns across subjects and preserving brain graph topological properties by capitalizing on graph convolutional neural networks. We also introduce a randomized weighted loss function which also acts as a regularizer to minimize the distance between the population of MVBNs and the estimated CBT, thereby enforcing its centeredness. We demonstrate that DGN significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods on estimating CBTs on both small-scale and large-scale connectomic datasets in terms of both representativeness and discriminability (i.e., identifying distinctive connectivities fingerprinting each brain network population).      
### 20.Joint Intensity-Gradient Guided Generative Modeling for Colorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14130.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an iterative generative model for solving the automatic colorization problem. Although previous researches have shown the capability to generate plausible color, the edge color overflow and the requirement of the reference images still exist. The starting point of the unsupervised learning in this study is the ob?servation that the gradient map possesses latent infor?mation of the image. Therefore, the inference process of the generative modeling is conducted in joint intensity-gradient domain. Specifically, a set of intensity-gradient formed high-dimensional tensors, as the network input, are used to train a powerful noise conditional score network at the training phase. Furthermore, the joint intensity-gradient constraint in data-fidelity term is proposed to limit the degree of freedom within generative model at the iterative colorization stage, and it is conducive to edge-preserving. Extensive experiments demonstrated that the system out?performed state-of-the-art methods whether in quantitative comparisons or user study.      
### 21.Spectral Analysis for Semantic Segmentation with Applications on Feature Truncation and Weak Annotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14123.pdf)
>  The current neural networks for semantic segmentation usually predict the pixel-wise semantics on the down-sampled grid of images to alleviate the computational cost for dense maps. However, the accuracy of resultant segmentation maps may also be down graded particularly in the regions near object boundaries. In this paper, we advance to have a deeper investigation on the sampling efficiency of the down-sampled grid. By applying the spectral analysis that analyze on the network back propagation process in frequency domain, we discover that cross-entropy is mainly contributed by the low-frequency components of segmentation maps, as well as that of the feature in CNNs. The network performance maintains as long as the resolution of the down sampled grid meets the cut-off frequency. Such finding leads us to propose a simple yet effective feature truncation method that limits the feature size in CNNs and removes the associated high-frequency components. This method can not only reduce the computational cost but also maintain the performance of semantic segmentation networks. Moreover, one can seamlessly integrate this method with the typical network pruning approaches for further model reduction. On the other hand, we propose to employee a block-wise weak annotation for semantic segmentation that captures the low-frequency information of the segmentation map and is easy to collect. Using the proposed analysis scheme, one can easily estimate the efficacy of the block-wise annotation and the feature truncation method.      
### 22.Towards A Category-extended Object Detector without Relabeling or Conflicts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14115.pdf)
>  Object detectors are typically learned based on fully-annotated training data with fixed pre-defined categories. However, not all possible categories of interest can be known beforehand, as classes are often required to be increased progressively in many realistic applications. In such scenario, only the original training set annotated with the old classes and some new training data labeled with the new classes are available. In this paper, we aim at leaning a strong unified detector that can handle all categories based on the limited datasets without extra manual labor. Vanilla joint training without considering label ambiguity leads to heavy biases and poor performance due to the incomplete annotations. To avoid such situation, we propose a practical framework which focuses on three aspects: better base model, better unlabeled ground-truth mining strategy and better retraining method with pseudo annotations. First, a conflict-free loss is proposed to obtain a usable base detector. Second, we employ Monte Carlo Dropout to calculate the localization confidence, combined with the classification confidence, to mine more accurate bounding boxes. Third, we explore several strategies for making better use of pseudo annotations during retraining to achieve more powerful detectors. Extensive experiments conducted on multiple datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework for category-extended object detectors.      
### 23.Human Expression Recognition using Facial Shape Based Fourier Descriptors Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14097.pdf)
>  Dynamic facial expression recognition has many useful applications in social networks, multimedia content analysis, security systems and others. This challenging process must be done under recurrent problems of image illumination and low resolution which changes at partial occlusions. This paper aims to produce a new facial expression recognition method based on the changes in the facial muscles. The geometric features are used to specify the facial regions i.e., mouth, eyes, and nose. The generic Fourier shape descriptor in conjunction with elliptic Fourier shape descriptor is used as an attribute to represent different emotions under frequency spectrum features. Afterwards a multi-class support vector machine is applied for classification of seven human expression. The statistical analysis showed our approach obtained overall competent recognition using 5-fold cross validation with high accuracy on well-known facial expression dataset.      
### 24.From Point to Space: 3D Moving Human Pose Estimation Using Commodity WiFi  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14066.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present Wi-Mose, the first 3D moving human pose estimation system using commodity WiFi. Previous WiFi-based works have achieved 2D and 3D pose estimation. These solutions either capture poses from one perspective or construct poses of people who are at a fixed point, preventing their wide adoption in daily scenarios. To reconstruct 3D poses of people who move throughout the space rather than a fixed point, we fuse the amplitude and phase into Channel State Information (CSI) images which can provide both pose and position information. Besides, we design a neural network to extract features that are only associated with poses from CSI images and then convert the features into key-point coordinates. Experimental results show that Wi-Mose can localize key-point with 29.7mm and 37.8mm Procrustes analysis Mean Per Joint Position Error (P-MPJPE) in the Line of Sight (LoS) and Non-Line of Sight (NLoS) scenarios, respectively, achieving higher performance than the state-of-the-art method. The results indicate that Wi-Mose can capture high-precision 3D human poses throughout the space.      
### 25.Adversarial Multi-scale Feature Learning for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14061.pdf)
>  Person Re-identification (Person ReID) is an important topic in intelligent surveillance and computer vision. It aims to accurately measure visual similarities between person images for determining whether two images correspond to the same person. The key to accurately measure visual similarities is learning discriminative features, which not only captures clues from different spatial scales, but also jointly inferences on multiple scales, with the ability to determine reliability and ID-relativity of each clue. To achieve these goals, we propose to improve Person ReID system performance from two perspective: \textbf{1).} Multi-scale feature learning (MSFL), which consists of Cross-scale information propagation (CSIP) and Multi-scale feature fusion (MSFF), to dynamically fuse features cross different scales.\textbf{2).} Multi-scale gradient regularizor (MSGR), to emphasize ID-related factors and ignore irrelevant factors in an adversarial manner. Combining MSFL and MSGR, our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on four commonly used person-ReID datasets with neglectable test-time computation overhead.      
### 26.Person Re-identification with Adversarial Triplet Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14057.pdf)
>  Person re-identification is an important task and has widespread applications in video surveillance for public security. In the past few years, deep learning network with triplet loss has become popular for this problem. However, the triplet loss usually suffers from poor local optimal and relies heavily on the strategy of hard example mining. In this paper, we propose to address this problem with a new deep metric learning method called Adversarial Triplet Embedding (ATE), in which we simultaneously generate adversarial triplets and discriminative feature embedding in an unified framework. In particular, adversarial triplets are generated by introducing adversarial perturbations into the training process. This adversarial game is converted into a minimax problem so as to have an optimal solution from the theoretical view. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach against the state-of-the-art literature.      
### 27.Aerial Imagery Pile burn detection using Deep Learning: the FLAME dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14036.pdf)
>  Wildfires are one of the costliest and deadliest natural disasters in the US, causing damage to millions of hectares of forest resources and threatening the lives of people and animals. Of particular importance are risks to firefighters and operational forces, which highlights the need for leveraging technology to minimize danger to people and property. FLAME (Fire Luminosity Airborne-based Machine learning Evaluation) offers a dataset of aerial images of fires along with methods for fire detection and segmentation which can help firefighters and researchers to develop optimal fire management strategies. This paper provides a fire image dataset collected by drones during a prescribed burning piled detritus in an Arizona pine forest. The dataset includes video recordings and thermal heatmaps captured by infrared cameras. The captured videos and images are annotated and labeled frame-wise to help researchers easily apply their fire detection and modeling algorithms. The paper also highlights solutions to two machine learning problems: (1) Binary classification of video frames based on the presence [and absence] of fire flames. An Artificial Neural Network (ANN) method is developed that achieved a 76% classification accuracy. (2) Fire detection using segmentation methods to precisely determine fire borders. A deep learning method is designed based on the U-Net up-sampling and down-sampling approach to extract a fire mask from the video frames. Our FLAME method approached a precision of 92% and a recall of 84%. Future research will expand the technique for free burning broadcast fire using thermal images.      
### 28.Power Normalizations in Fine-grained Image, Few-shot Image and Graph Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13975.pdf)
>  Power Normalizations (PN) are useful non-linear operators which tackle feature imbalances in classification problems. We study PNs in the deep learning setup via a novel PN layer pooling feature maps. Our layer combines the feature vectors and their respective spatial locations in the feature maps produced by the last convolutional layer of CNN into a positive definite matrix with second-order statistics to which PN operators are applied, forming so-called Second-order Pooling (SOP). As the main goal of this paper is to study Power Normalizations, we investigate the role and meaning of MaxExp and Gamma, two popular PN functions. To this end, we provide probabilistic interpretations of such element-wise operators and discover surrogates with well-behaved derivatives for end-to-end training. Furthermore, we look at the spectral applicability of MaxExp and Gamma by studying Spectral Power Normalizations (SPN). We show that SPN on the autocorrelation/covariance matrix and the Heat Diffusion Process (HDP) on a graph Laplacian matrix are closely related, thus sharing their properties. Such a finding leads us to the culmination of our work, a fast spectral MaxExp which is a variant of HDP for covariances/autocorrelation matrices. We evaluate our ideas on fine-grained recognition, scene recognition, and material classification, as well as in few-shot learning and graph classification.      
### 29.Exploring Emotion Features and Fusion Strategies for Audio-Video Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13912.pdf)
>  The audio-video based emotion recognition aims to classify a given video into basic emotions. In this paper, we describe our approaches in EmotiW 2019, which mainly explores emotion features and feature fusion strategies for audio and visual modality. For emotion features, we explore audio feature with both speech-spectrogram and Log Mel-spectrogram and evaluate several facial features with different CNN models and different emotion pretrained strategies. For fusion strategies, we explore intra-modal and cross-modal fusion methods, such as designing attention mechanisms to highlights important emotion feature, exploring feature concatenation and factorized bilinear pooling (FBP) for cross-modal feature fusion. With careful evaluation, we obtain 65.5% on the AFEW validation set and 62.48% on the test set and rank third in the challenge.      
### 30.Lidar and Camera Self-Calibration using CostVolume Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13901.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel online self-calibration approach for Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) and camera sensors. Compared to the previous CNN-based methods that concatenate the feature maps of the RGB image and decalibrated depth image, we exploit the cost volume inspired by the PWC-Net for feature matching. Besides the smooth L1-Loss of the predicted extrinsic calibration parameters, an additional point cloud loss is applied. Instead of regress the extrinsic parameters between LiDAR and camera directly, we predict the decalibrated deviation from initial calibration to the ground truth. During inference, the calibration error decreases further with the usage of iterative refinement and the temporal filtering approach. The evaluation results on the KITTI dataset illustrate that our approach outperforms CNN-based state-of-the-art methods in terms of a mean absolute calibration error of 0.297cm in translation and 0.017° in rotation with miscalibration magnitudes of up to 1.5m and 20°.      
### 31.ANL: Anti-Noise Learning for Cross-Domain Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13853.pdf)
>  Due to the lack of labels and the domain diversities, it is a challenge to study person re-identification in the cross-domain setting. An admirable method is to optimize the target model by assigning pseudo-labels for unlabeled samples through clustering. Usually, attributed to the domain gaps, the pre-trained source domain model cannot extract appropriate target domain features, which will dramatically affect the clustering performance and the accuracy of pseudo-labels. Extensive label noise will lead to sub-optimal solutions doubtlessly. To solve these problems, we propose an Anti-Noise Learning (ANL) approach, which contains two modules. The Feature Distribution Alignment (FDA) module is designed to gather the id-related samples and disperse id-unrelated samples, through the camera-wise contrastive learning and adversarial adaptation. Creating a friendly cross-feature foundation for clustering that is to reduce clustering noise. Besides, the Reliable Sample Selection (RSS) module utilizes an Auxiliary Model to correct noisy labels and select reliable samples for the Main Model. In order to effectively utilize the outlier information generated by the clustering algorithm and RSS module, we train these samples at the instance-level. The experiments demonstrate that our proposed ANL framework can effectively reduce the domain conflicts and alleviate the influence of noisy samples, as well as superior performance compared with the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 32.SparsePipe: Parallel Deep Learning for 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13846.pdf)
>  We propose SparsePipe, an efficient and asynchronous parallelism approach for handling 3D point clouds with multi-GPU training. SparsePipe is built to support 3D sparse data such as point clouds. It achieves this by adopting generalized convolutions with sparse tensor representation to build expressive high-dimensional convolutional neural networks. Compared to dense solutions, the new models can efficiently process irregular point clouds without densely sliding over the entire space, significantly reducing the memory requirements and allowing higher resolutions of the underlying 3D volumes for better performance. <br>SparsePipe exploits intra-batch parallelism that partitions input data into multiple processors and further improves the training throughput with inter-batch pipelining to overlap communication and computing. Besides, it suitably partitions the model when the GPUs are heterogeneous such that the computing is load-balanced with reduced communication overhead. <br>Using experimental results on an eight-GPU platform, we show that SparsePipe can parallelize effectively and obtain better performance on current point cloud benchmarks for both training and inference, compared to its dense solutions.      
### 33.Spatial Contrastive Learning for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13831.pdf)
>  Existing few-shot classification methods rely to some degree on the cross-entropy (CE) loss to learn transferable representations that facilitate the test time adaptation to unseen classes with limited data. However, the CE loss has several shortcomings, e.g., inducing representations with excessive discrimination towards seen classes, which reduces their transferability to unseen classes and results in sub-optimal generalization. In this work, we explore contrastive learning as an additional auxiliary training objective, acting as a data-dependent regularizer to promote more general and transferable features. Instead of using the standard contrastive objective, which suppresses local discriminative features, we propose a novel attention-based spatial contrastive objective to learn locally discriminative and class-agnostic features. With extensive experiments, we show that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches, confirming the importance of learning good and transferable embeddings for few-shot learning.      
### 34.Skeleton-DML: Deep Metric Learning for Skeleton-Based One-Shot Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13823.pdf)
>  One-shot action recognition allows the recognition of human-performed actions with only a single training example. This can influence human-robot-interaction positively by enabling the robot to react to previously unseen behaviour. We formulate the one-shot action recognition problem as a deep metric learning problem and propose a novel image-based skeleton representation that performs well in a metric learning setting. Therefore, we train a model that projects the image representations into an embedding space. In embedding space the similar actions have a low euclidean distance while dissimilar actions have a higher distance. The one-shot action recognition problem becomes a nearest-neighbor search in a set of activity reference samples. We evaluate the performance of our proposed representation against a variety of other skeleton-based image representations. In addition, we present an ablation study that shows the influence of different embedding vector sizes, losses and augmentation. Our approach lifts the state-of-the-art by 3.3% for the one-shot action recognition protocol on the NTU RGB+D 120 dataset under a comparable training setup. With additional augmentation our result improved over 7.7%.      
### 35.Achieving Real-Time LiDAR 3D Object Detection on a Mobile Device  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13801.pdf)
>  3D object detection is an important task, especially in the autonomous driving application domain. However, it is challenging to support the real-time performance with the limited computation and memory resources on edge-computing devices in self-driving cars. To achieve this, we propose a compiler-aware unified framework incorporating network enhancement and pruning search with the reinforcement learning techniques, to enable real-time inference of 3D object detection on the resource-limited edge-computing devices. Specifically, a generator Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) is employed to provide the unified scheme for both network enhancement and pruning search automatically, without human expertise and assistance. And the evaluated performance of the unified schemes can be fed back to train the generator RNN. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed framework firstly achieves real-time 3D object detection on mobile devices (Samsung Galaxy S20 phone) with competitive detection performance.      
### 36.An Affine moment invariant for multi-component shapes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13774.pdf)
>  We introduce an image based algorithmic tool for analyzing multi-component shapes here. Due to the generic concept of multi-component shapes, our method can be applied to the analysis of a wide spectrum of applications where real objects are analyzed based on their shapes - i.e. on their corresponded black and white images. The method allocates a number to a shape, herein called a multi-component shapes measure. This number/measure is invariant with respect to affine transformations and is established based on the theoretical frame developed in this paper. In addition, the method is easy to implement and is robust (e.g. with respect to noise). We provide two small but illustrative examples related to aerial image analysis and galaxy image analysis. Also, we provide some synthetic examples for a better understanding of the measure behavior.      
### 37.Balance-Oriented Focal Loss with Linear Scheduling for Anchor Free Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13763.pdf)
>  Most existing object detectors suffer from class imbalance problems that hinder balanced performance. In particular, anchor free object detectors have to solve the background imbalance problem due to detection in a per-pixel prediction fashion as well as foreground imbalance problem simultaneously. In this work, we propose Balance-oriented focal loss that can induce balanced learning by considering both background and foreground balance comprehensively. This work aims to address imbalance problem in the situation of using a general unbalanced data of non-extreme distribution not including few shot and the focal loss for anchor free object detector. We use a batch-wise alpha-balanced variant of the focal loss to deal with this imbalance problem elaborately. It is a simple and practical solution using only re-weighting for general unbalanced data. It does require neither additional learning cost nor structural change during inference and grouping classes is also unnecessary. Through extensive experiments, we show the performance improvement for each component and analyze the effect of linear scheduling when using re-weighting for the loss. By improving the focal loss in terms of balancing foreground classes, our method achieves AP gains of +1.2 in MS-COCO for the anchor free real-time detector.      
### 38.Direct Quantization for Training Highly Accurate Low Bit-width Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13762.pdf)
>  This paper proposes two novel techniques to train deep convolutional neural networks with low bit-width weights and activations. First, to obtain low bit-width weights, most existing methods obtain the quantized weights by performing quantization on the full-precision network weights. However, this approach would result in some mismatch: the gradient descent updates full-precision weights, but it does not update the quantized weights. To address this issue, we propose a novel method that enables {direct} updating of quantized weights {with learnable quantization levels} to minimize the cost function using gradient descent. Second, to obtain low bit-width activations, existing works consider all channels equally. However, the activation quantizers could be biased toward a few channels with high-variance. To address this issue, we propose a method to take into account the quantization errors of individual channels. With this approach, we can learn activation quantizers that minimize the quantization errors in the majority of channels. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on the image classification task, using AlexNet, ResNet and MobileNetV2 architectures on CIFAR-100 and ImageNet datasets.      
### 39.Probabilistic 3D Multi-Modal, Multi-Object Tracking for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13755.pdf)
>  Multi-object tracking is an important ability for an autonomous vehicle to safely navigate a traffic scene. Current state-of-the-art follows the tracking-by-detection paradigm where existing tracks are associated with detected objects through some distance metric. The key challenges to increase tracking accuracy lie in data association and track life cycle management. We propose a probabilistic, multi-modal, multi-object tracking system consisting of different trainable modules to provide robust and data-driven tracking results. First, we learn how to fuse features from 2D images and 3D LiDAR point clouds to capture the appearance and geometric information of an object. Second, we propose to learn a metric that combines the Mahalanobis and feature distances when comparing a track and a new detection in data association. And third, we propose to learn when to initialize a track from an unmatched object detection. Through extensive quantitative and qualitative results, we show that our method outperforms current state-of-the-art on the NuScenes Tracking dataset.      
### 40.Few Shot Learning With No Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13751.pdf)
>  Few-shot learners aim to recognize new categories given only a small number of training samples. The core challenge is to avoid overfitting to the limited data while ensuring good generalization to novel classes. Existing literature makes use of vast amounts of annotated data by simply shifting the label requirement from novel classes to base classes. Since data annotation is time-consuming and costly, reducing the label requirement even further is an important goal. To that end, our paper presents a more challenging few-shot setting where no label access is allowed during training or testing. By leveraging self-supervision for learning image representations and image similarity for classification at test time, we achieve competitive baselines while using \textbf{zero} labels, which is at least fewer labels than state-of-the-art. We hope that this work is a step towards developing few-shot learning methods which do not depend on annotated data at all. Our code will be publicly released.      
### 41.Image Synthesis with Adversarial Networks: a Comprehensive Survey and Case Studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13736.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been extremely successful in various application domains such as computer vision, medicine, and natural language processing. Moreover, transforming an object or person to a desired shape become a well-studied research in the GANs. GANs are powerful models for learning complex distributions to synthesize semantically meaningful samples. However, there is a lack of comprehensive review in this field, especially lack of a collection of GANs loss-variant, evaluation metrics, remedies for diverse image generation, and stable training. Given the current fast GANs development, in this survey, we provide a comprehensive review of adversarial models for image synthesis. We summarize the synthetic image generation methods, and discuss the categories including image-to-image translation, fusion image generation, label-to-image mapping, and text-to-image translation. We organize the literature based on their base models, developed ideas related to architectures, constraints, loss functions, evaluation metrics, and training datasets. We present milestones of adversarial models, review an extensive selection of previous works in various categories, and present insights on the development route from the model-based to data-driven methods. Further, we highlight a range of potential future research directions. One of the unique features of this review is that all software implementations of these GAN methods and datasets have been collected and made available in one place at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pshams55/GAN-Case-Study" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Faster and Accurate Compressed Video Action Recognition Straight from the Frequency Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13726.pdf)
>  Human action recognition has become one of the most active field of research in computer vision due to its wide range of applications, like surveillance, medical, industrial environments, smart homes, among others. Recently, deep learning has been successfully used to learn powerful and interpretable features for recognizing human actions in videos. Most of the existing deep learning approaches have been designed for processing video information as RGB image sequences. For this reason, a preliminary decoding process is required, since video data are often stored in a compressed format. However, a high computational load and memory usage is demanded for decoding a video. To overcome this problem, we propose a deep neural network capable of learning straight from compressed video. Our approach was evaluated on two public benchmarks, the UCF-101 and HMDB-51 datasets, demonstrating comparable recognition performance to the state-of-the-art methods, with the advantage of running up to 2 times faster in terms of inference speed.      
### 43.Assigning Apples to Individual Trees in Dense Orchards using 3D Color Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13721.pdf)
>  We propose a 3D color point cloud processing pipeline to count apples on individual apple trees in trellis structured orchards. Fruit counting at the tree level requires separating trees, which is challenging in dense orchards. We employ point clouds acquired from the leaf-off orchard in winter period, where the branch structure is visible, to delineate tree crowns. We localize apples in point clouds acquired in harvest period. Alignment of the two point clouds enables mapping apple locations to the delineated winter cloud and assigning each apple to its bearing tree. Our apple assignment method achieves an accuracy rate higher than 95%. In addition to presenting a first proof of feasibility, we also provide suggestions for further improvement on our apple assignment pipeline.      
### 44.Learning Inter- and Intra-frame Representations for Non-Lambertian Photometric Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13720.pdf)
>  In this paper, we build a two-stage Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture to construct inter- and intra-frame representations based on an arbitrary number of images captured under different light directions, performing accurate normal estimation of non-Lambertian objects. We experimentally investigate numerous network design alternatives for identifying the optimal scheme to deploy inter-frame and intra-frame feature extraction modules for the photometric stereo problem. Moreover, we propose to utilize the easily obtained object mask for eliminating adverse interference from invalid background regions in intra-frame spatial convolutions, thus effectively improve the accuracy of normal estimation for surfaces made of dark materials or with cast shadows. Experimental results demonstrate that proposed masked two-stage photometric stereo CNN model (MT-PS-CNN) performs favorably against state-of-the-art photometric stereo techniques in terms of both accuracy and efficiency. In addition, the proposed method is capable of predicting accurate and rich surface normal details for non-Lambertian objects of complex geometry and performs stably given inputs captured in both sparse and dense lighting distributions.      
### 45.Hybrid and Non-Uniform quantization methods using retro synthesis data for efficient inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13716.pdf)
>  Existing quantization aware training methods attempt to compensate for the quantization loss by leveraging on training data, like most of the post-training quantization methods, and are also time consuming. Both these methods are not effective for privacy constraint applications as they are tightly coupled with training data. In contrast, this paper proposes a data-independent post-training quantization scheme that eliminates the need for training data. This is achieved by generating a faux dataset, hereafter referred to as Retro-Synthesis Data, from the FP32 model layer statistics and further using it for quantization. This approach outperformed state-of-the-art methods including, but not limited to, ZeroQ and DFQ on models with and without Batch-Normalization layers for 8, 6, and 4 bit precisions on ImageNet and CIFAR-10 datasets. We also introduced two futuristic variants of post-training quantization methods namely Hybrid Quantization and Non-Uniform Quantization      
### 46.2-D Respiration Navigation Framework for 3-D Continuous Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13700.pdf)
>  Continuous protocols for cardiac magnetic resonance imaging enable sampling of the cardiac anatomy simultaneously resolved into cardiac phases. To avoid respiration artifacts, associated motion during the scan has to be compensated for during reconstruction. In this paper, we propose a sampling adaption to acquire 2-D respiration information during a continuous scan. Further, we develop a pipeline to extract the different respiration states from the acquired signals, which are used to reconstruct data from one respiration phase. Our results show the benefit of the proposed workflow on the image quality compared to no respiration compensation, as well as a previous 1-D respiration navigation approach.      
### 47.TSGCNet: Discriminative Geometric Feature Learning with Two-Stream GraphConvolutional Network for 3D Dental Model Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13697.pdf)
>  The ability to segment teeth precisely from digitized 3D dental models is an essential task in computer-aided orthodontic surgical planning. To date, deep learning based methods have been popularly used to handle this task. State-of-the-art methods directly concatenate the raw attributes of 3D inputs, namely coordinates and normal vectors of mesh cells, to train a single-stream network for fully-automated tooth segmentation. This, however, has the drawback of ignoring the different geometric meanings provided by those raw attributes. This issue might possibly confuse the network in learning discriminative geometric features and result in many isolated false predictions on the dental model. Against this issue, we propose a two-stream graph convolutional network (TSGCNet) to learn multi-view geometric information from different geometric attributes. Our TSGCNet adopts two graph-learning streams, designed in an input-aware fashion, to extract more discriminative high-level geometric representations from coordinates and normal vectors, respectively. These feature representations learned from the designed two different streams are further fused to integrate the multi-view complementary information for the cell-wise dense prediction task. We evaluate our proposed TSGCNet on a real-patient dataset of dental models acquired by 3D intraoral scanners, and experimental results demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods for 3D shape segmentation.      
### 48.Sparse Adversarial Attack to Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13692.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples have gained tons of attention in recent years. Many adversarial attacks have been proposed to attack image classifiers, but few work shift attention to object detectors. In this paper, we propose Sparse Adversarial Attack (SAA) which enables adversaries to perform effective evasion attack on detectors with bounded \emph{l$_{0}$} norm perturbation. We select the fragile position of the image and designed evasion loss function for the task. Experiment results on YOLOv4 and FasterRCNN reveal the effectiveness of our method. In addition, our SAA shows great transferability across different detectors in the black-box attack setting. Codes are available at \emph{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/THUrssq/Tianchi04" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 49.One-Shot Object Localization Using Learnt Visual Cues via Siamese Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13690.pdf)
>  A robot that can operate in novel and unstructured environments must be capable of recognizing new, previously unseen, objects. In this work, a visual cue is used to specify a novel object of interest which must be localized in new environments. An end-to-end neural network equipped with a Siamese network is used to learn the cue, infer the object of interest, and then to localize it in new environments. We show that a simulated robot can pick-and-place novel objects pointed to by a laser pointer. We also evaluate the performance of the proposed approach on a dataset derived from the Omniglot handwritten character dataset and on a small dataset of toys.      
### 50.Dual-Refinement: Joint Label and Feature Refinement for Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13689.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptive (UDA) person re-identification (re-ID) is a challenging task due to the missing of labels for the target domain data. To handle this problem, some recent works adopt clustering algorithms to off-line generate pseudo labels, which can then be used as the supervision signal for on-line feature learning in the target domain. However, the off-line generated labels often contain lots of noise that significantly hinders the discriminability of the on-line learned features, and thus limits the final UDA re-ID performance. To this end, we propose a novel approach, called Dual-Refinement, that jointly refines pseudo labels at the off-line clustering phase and features at the on-line training phase, to alternatively boost the label purity and feature discriminability in the target domain for more reliable re-ID. Specifically, at the off-line phase, a new hierarchical clustering scheme is proposed, which selects representative prototypes for every coarse cluster. Thus, labels can be effectively refined by using the inherent hierarchical information of person images. Besides, at the on-line phase, we propose an instant memory spread-out (IM-spread-out) regularization, that takes advantage of the proposed instant memory bank to store sample features of the entire dataset and enable spread-out feature learning over the entire training data instantly. Our Dual-Refinement method reduces the influence of noisy labels and refines the learned features within the alternative training process. Experiments demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin.      
### 51.PaXNet: Dental Caries Detection in Panoramic X-ray using Ensemble Transfer Learning and Capsule Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13666.pdf)
>  Dental caries is one of the most chronic diseases involving the majority of the population during their lifetime. Caries lesions are typically diagnosed by radiologists relying only on their visual inspection to detect via dental x-rays. In many cases, dental caries is hard to identify using x-rays and can be misinterpreted as shadows due to different reasons such as low image quality. Hence, developing a decision support system for caries detection has been a topic of interest in recent years. Here, we propose an automatic diagnosis system to detect dental caries in Panoramic images for the first time, to the best of authors' knowledge. The proposed model benefits from various pretrained deep learning models through transfer learning to extract relevant features from x-rays and uses a capsule network to draw prediction results. On a dataset of 470 Panoramic images used for features extraction, including 240 labeled images for classification, our model achieved an accuracy score of 86.05\% on the test set. The obtained score demonstrates acceptable detection performance and an increase in caries detection speed, as long as the challenges of using Panoramic x-rays of real patients are taken into account. Among images with caries lesions in the test set, our model acquired recall scores of 69.44\% and 90.52\% for mild and severe ones, confirming the fact that severe caries spots are more straightforward to detect and efficient mild caries detection needs a more robust and larger dataset. Considering the novelty of current research study as using Panoramic images, this work is a step towards developing a fully automated efficient decision support system to assist domain experts.      
### 52.Coarse to Fine: Multi-label Image Classification with Global/Local Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13662.pdf)
>  In our daily life, the scenes around us are always with multiple labels especially in a smart city, i.e., recognizing the information of city operation to response and control. Great efforts have been made by using Deep Neural Networks to recognize multi-label images. Since multi-label image classification is very complicated, people seek to use the attention mechanism to guide the classification process. However, conventional attention-based methods always analyzed images directly and aggressively. It is difficult for them to well understand complicated scenes. In this paper, we propose a global/local attention method that can recognize an image from coarse to fine by mimicking how human-beings observe images. Specifically, our global/local attention method first concentrates on the whole image, and then focuses on local specific objects in the image. We also propose a joint max-margin objective function, which enforces that the minimum score of positive labels should be larger than the maximum score of negative labels horizontally and vertically. This function can further improve our multi-label image classification method. We evaluate the effectiveness of our method on two popular multi-label image datasets (i.e., Pascal VOC and MS-COCO). Our experimental results show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 53.Detecting Road Obstacles by Erasing Them  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13633.pdf)
>  Vehicles can encounter a myriad of obstacles on the road, and it is not feasible to record them all beforehand to train a detector. Our method selects image patches and inpaints them with the surrounding road texture, which tends to remove obstacles from those patches. It them uses a network trained to recognize discrepancies between the original patch and the inpainted one, which signals an erased obstacle. <br>We also contribute a new dataset for monocular road obstacle detection, and show that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on both our new dataset and the standard Fishyscapes Lost &amp; Found benchmark.      
### 54.A Simple Fine-tuning Is All You Need: Towards Robust Deep Learning Via Adversarial Fine-tuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13628.pdf)
>  Adversarial Training (AT) with Projected Gradient Descent (PGD) is an effective approach for improving the robustness of the deep neural networks. However, PGD AT has been shown to suffer from two main limitations: i) high computational cost, and ii) extreme overfitting during training that leads to reduction in model generalization. While the effect of factors such as model capacity and scale of training data on adversarial robustness have been extensively studied, little attention has been paid to the effect of a very important parameter in every network optimization on adversarial robustness: the learning rate. In particular, we hypothesize that effective learning rate scheduling during adversarial training can significantly reduce the overfitting issue, to a degree where one does not even need to adversarially train a model from scratch but can instead simply adversarially fine-tune a pre-trained model. Motivated by this hypothesis, we propose a simple yet very effective adversarial fine-tuning approach based on a $\textit{slow start, fast decay}$ learning rate scheduling strategy which not only significantly decreases computational cost required, but also greatly improves the accuracy and robustness of a deep neural network. Experimental results show that the proposed adversarial fine-tuning approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ImageNet datasets in both test accuracy and the robustness, while reducing the computational cost by 8-10$\times$. Furthermore, a very important benefit of the proposed adversarial fine-tuning approach is that it enables the ability to improve the robustness of any pre-trained deep neural network without needing to train the model from scratch, which to the best of the authors' knowledge has not been previously demonstrated in research literature.      
### 55.Inception Convolution with Efficient Dilation Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13587.pdf)
>  Dilation convolution is a critical mutant of standard convolution neural network to control effective receptive fields and handle large scale variance of objects without introducing additional computation. However, fitting the effective reception field to data with dilated convolution is less discussed in the literature. To fully explore its potentials, we proposed a new mutant of dilated convolution, namely inception (dilated) convolution where the convolutions have independent dilation among different axes, channels and layers. To explore a practical method for fitting the complex inception convolution to the data, a simple while effective dilation search algorithm(EDO) based on statistical optimization is developed. The search method operates in a zero-cost manner which is extremely fast to apply on large scale datasets. Empirical results reveal that our method obtains consistent performance gains in an extensive range of benchmarks. For instance, by simply replace the 3 x 3 standard convolutions in ResNet-50 backbone with inception convolution, we improve the mAP of Faster-RCNN on MS-COCO from 36.4% to 39.2%. Furthermore, using the same replacement in ResNet-101 backbone, we achieve a huge improvement over AP score from 60.2% to 68.5% on COCO val2017 for the bottom up human pose estimation.      
### 56.Camouflaged Object Detection and Tracking: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13581.pdf)
>  Moving object detection and tracking have various applications, including surveillance, anomaly detection, vehicle navigation, etc. The literature on object detection and tracking is rich enough, and several essential survey papers exist. However, the research on camouflage object detection and tracking limited due to the complexity of the problem. Existing work on this problem has been done based on either biological characteristics of the camouflaged objects or computer vision techniques. In this article, we review the existing camouflaged object detection and tracking techniques using computer vision algorithms from the theoretical point of view. This article also addresses several issues of interest as well as future research direction on this area. We hope this review will help the reader to learn the recent advances in camouflaged object detection and tracking.      
### 57.Revisiting Edge Detection in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13576.pdf)
>  The ability to detect edges is a fundamental attribute necessary to truly capture visual concepts. In this paper, we prove that edges cannot be represented properly in the first convolutional layer of a neural network, and further show that they are poorly captured in popular neural network architectures such as VGG-16 and ResNet. The neural networks are found to rely on color information, which might vary in unexpected ways outside of the datasets used for their evaluation. To improve their robustness, we propose edge-detection units and show that they reduce performance loss and generate qualitatively different representations. By comparing various models, we show that the robustness of edge detection is an important factor contributing to the robustness of models against color noise.      
### 58.Implicit Feature Pyramid Network for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13563.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an implicit feature pyramid network (i-FPN) for object detection. Existing FPNs stack several cross-scale blocks to obtain large receptive field. We propose to use an implicit function, recently introduced in deep equilibrium model (DEQ), to model the transformation of FPN. We develop a residual-like iteration to updates the hidden states efficiently. Experimental results on MS COCO dataset show that i-FPN can significantly boost detection performance compared to baseline detectors with ResNet-50-FPN: +3.4, +3.2, +3.5, +4.2, +3.2 mAP on RetinaNet, Faster-RCNN, FCOS, ATSS and AutoAssign, respectively.      
### 59.Generative VoxelNet: Learning Energy-Based Models for 3D Shape Synthesis and Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13522.pdf)
>  3D data that contains rich geometry information of objects and scenes is valuable for understanding 3D physical world. With the recent emergence of large-scale 3D datasets, it becomes increasingly crucial to have a powerful 3D generative model for 3D shape synthesis and analysis. This paper proposes a deep 3D energy-based model to represent volumetric shapes. The maximum likelihood training of the model follows an "analysis by synthesis" scheme. The benefits of the proposed model are six-fold: first, unlike GANs and VAEs, the model training does not rely on any auxiliary models; second, the model can synthesize realistic 3D shapes by Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC); third, the conditional model can be applied to 3D object recovery and super resolution; fourth, the model can serve as a building block in a multi-grid modeling and sampling framework for high resolution 3D shape synthesis; fifth, the model can be used to train a 3D generator via MCMC teaching; sixth, the unsupervisedly trained model provides a powerful feature extractor for 3D data, which is useful for 3D object classification. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed model can generate high-quality 3D shape patterns and can be useful for a wide variety of 3D shape analysis.      
### 60.A Cascaded Residual UNET for Fully Automated Segmentation of Prostate and Peripheral Zone in T2-weighted 3D Fast Spin Echo Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13501.pdf)
>  Multi-parametric MR images have been shown to be effective in the non-invasive diagnosis of prostate cancer. Automated segmentation of the prostate eliminates the need for manual annotation by a radiologist which is time consuming. This improves efficiency in the extraction of imaging features for the characterization of prostate tissues. In this work, we propose a fully automated cascaded deep learning architecture with residual blocks, Cascaded MRes-UNET, for segmentation of the prostate gland and the peripheral zone in one pass through the network. The network yields high Dice scores ($0.91\pm.02$), precision ($0.91\pm.04$), and recall scores ($0.92\pm.03$) in prostate segmentation compared to manual annotations by an experienced radiologist. The average difference in total prostate volume estimation is less than 5%.      
### 61.1st Place Solution to VisDA-2020: Bias Elimination for Domain Adaptive Pedestrian Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13498.pdf)
>  This paper presents our proposed methods for domain adaptive pedestrian re-identification (Re-ID) task in Visual Domain Adaptation Challenge (VisDA-2020). Considering the large gap between the source domain and target domain, we focused on solving two biases that influenced the performance on domain adaptive pedestrian Re-ID and proposed a two-stage training procedure. At the first stage, a baseline model is trained with images transferred from source domain to target domain and from single camera to multiple camera styles. Then we introduced a domain adaptation framework to train the model on source data and target data simultaneously. Different pseudo label generation strategies are adopted to continuously improve the discriminative ability of the model. Finally, with multiple models ensembled and additional post processing approaches adopted, our methods achieve 76.56% mAP and 84.25% rank-1 on the test set. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vimar-gu/Bias-Eliminate-DA-ReID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 62.Self-supervised Pre-training with Hard Examples Improves Visual Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13493.pdf)
>  Self-supervised pre-training (SSP) employs random image transformations to generate training data for visual representation learning. In this paper, we first present a modeling framework that unifies existing SSP methods as learning to predict pseudo-labels. Then, we propose new data augmentation methods of generating training examples whose pseudo-labels are harder to predict than those generated via random image transformations. Specifically, we use adversarial training and CutMix to create hard examples (HEXA) to be used as augmented views for MoCo-v2 and DeepCluster-v2, leading to two variants HEXA_{MoCo} and HEXA_{DCluster}, respectively. In our experiments, we pre-train models on ImageNet and evaluate them on multiple public benchmarks. Our evaluation shows that the two new algorithm variants outperform their original counterparts, and achieve new state-of-the-art on a wide range of tasks where limited task supervision is available for fine-tuning. These results verify that hard examples are instrumental in improving the generalization of the pre-trained models.      
### 63.GraNet: Global Relation-aware Attentional Network for ALS Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13466.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel neural network focusing on semantic labeling of ALS point clouds, which investigates the importance of long-range spatial and channel-wise relations and is termed as global relation-aware attentional network (GraNet). GraNet first learns local geometric description and local dependencies using a local spatial discrepancy attention convolution module (LoSDA). In LoSDA, the orientation information, spatial distribution, and elevation differences are fully considered by stacking several local spatial geometric learning modules and the local dependencies are embedded by using an attention pooling module. Then, a global relation-aware attention module (GRA), consisting of a spatial relation-aware attention module (SRA) and a channel relation aware attention module (CRA), are investigated to further learn the global spatial and channel-wise relationship between any spatial positions and feature vectors. The aforementioned two important modules are embedded in the multi-scale network architecture to further consider scale changes in large urban areas. We conducted comprehensive experiments on two ALS point cloud datasets to evaluate the performance of our proposed framework. The results show that our method can achieve higher classification accuracy compared with other commonly used advanced classification methods. The overall accuracy (OA) of our method on the ISPRS benchmark dataset can be improved to 84.5% to classify nine semantic classes, with an average F1 measure (AvgF1) of 73.5%. In detail, we have following F1 values for each object class: powerlines: 66.3%, low vegetation: 82.8%, impervious surface: 91.8%, car: 80.7%, fence: 51.2%, roof: 94.6%, facades: 62.1%, shrub: 49.9%, trees: 82.1%. Besides, experiments were conducted using a new ALS point cloud dataset covering highly dense urban areas.      
### 64.Real-Time Facial Expression Emoji Masking with Convolutional Neural Networks and Homography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13447.pdf)
>  Neural network based algorithms has shown success in many applications. In image processing, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) can be trained to categorize facial expressions of images of human faces. In this work, we create a system that masks a student's face with a emoji of the respective emotion. Our system consists of three building blocks: face detection using Histogram of Gradients (HoG) and Support Vector Machine (SVM), facial expression categorization using CNN trained on FER2013 dataset, and finally masking the respective emoji back onto the student's face via homography estimation. (Demo: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/GCjtXw1y8Pw" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) Our results show that this pipeline is deploy-able in real-time, and is usable in educational settings.      
### 65.Commonsense Visual Sensemaking for Autonomous Driving: On Generalised Neurosymbolic Online Abduction Integrating Vision and Semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14359.pdf)
>  We demonstrate the need and potential of systematically integrated vision and semantics solutions for visual sensemaking in the backdrop of autonomous driving. A general neurosymbolic method for online visual sensemaking using answer set programming (ASP) is systematically formalised and fully implemented. The method integrates state of the art in visual computing, and is developed as a modular framework that is generally usable within hybrid architectures for realtime perception and control. We evaluate and demonstrate with community established benchmarks KITTIMOD, MOT-2017, and MOT-2020. As use-case, we focus on the significance of human-centred visual sensemaking -- e.g., involving semantic representation and explainability, question-answering, commonsense interpolation -- in safety-critical autonomous driving situations. The developed neurosymbolic framework is domain-independent, with the case of autonomous driving designed to serve as an exemplar for online visual sensemaking in diverse cognitive interaction settings in the backdrop of select human-centred AI technology design considerations. <br>Keywords: Cognitive Vision, Deep Semantics, Declarative Spatial Reasoning, Knowledge Representation and Reasoning, Commonsense Reasoning, Visual Abduction, Answer Set Programming, Autonomous Driving, Human-Centred Computing and Design, Standardisation in Driving Technology, Spatial Cognition and AI.      
### 66.TSEQPREDICTOR: Spatiotemporal Extreme Earthquakes Forecasting for Southern California  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14336.pdf)
>  Seismology from the past few decades has utilized the most advanced technologies and equipment to monitor seismic events globally. However, forecasting disasters like earthquakes is still an underdeveloped topic from the history. Recent researches in spatiotemporal forecasting have revealed some possibilities of successful predictions, which becomes an important topic in many scientific research fields. Most studies of them have many successful applications of using deep neural networks. In the geoscience study, earthquake prediction is one of the world's most challenging problems, about which cutting edge deep learning technologies may help to discover some useful patterns. In this project, we propose a joint deep learning modeling method for earthquake forecasting, namely TSEQPREDICTOR. In TSEQPREDICTOR, we use comprehensive deep learning technologies with domain knowledge in seismology and exploit the prediction problem using encoder-decoder and temporal convolutional neural networks. Comparing to some state-of-art recurrent neural networks, our experiments show our method is promising in terms of predicting major shocks for earthquakes in Southern California.      
### 67.A method to integrate and classify normals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14331.pdf)
>  Univariate and multivariate normal probability distributions are widely used when modeling decisions under uncertainty. Computing the performance of such models requires integrating these distributions over specific domains, which can vary widely across models. Besides some special cases where these integrals are easy to calculate, there exists no general analytical expression, standard numerical method or software tool for these integrals. Here we present mathematical methods and software that provide (i) the probability in any domain of a normal in any dimensions with any parameters, (ii) the probability density, distribution, and percentage points of any scalar or vector function of a normal vector, (iii) quantities, such as the error matrix and discriminability, which summarize classification performance amongst any number of normal distributions, (iv) dimension reduction and visualizations for all such problems, and (v) tests for how reliably these methods can be used on given data. We illustrate these tools with models for detecting occluding targets in natural scenes and for detecting camouflage.      
### 68.Online Photometric Calibration of Automatic Gain Thermal Infrared Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14292.pdf)
>  Thermal infrared cameras are increasingly being used in various applications such as robot vision, industrial inspection and medical imaging, thanks to their improved resolution and portability. However, the performance of traditional computer vision techniques developed for electro-optical imagery does not directly translate to the thermal domain due to two major reasons: these algorithms require photometric assumptions to hold, and methods for photometric calibration of RGB cameras cannot be applied to thermal-infrared cameras due to difference in data acquisition and sensor phenomenology. In this paper, we take a step in this direction, and introduce a novel algorithm for online photometric calibration of thermal-infrared cameras. Our proposed method does not require any specific driver/hardware support and hence can be applied to any commercial off-the-shelf thermal IR camera. We present this in the context of visual odometry and SLAM algorithms, and demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed system through extensive experiments for both standard benchmark datasets, and real-world field tests with a thermal-infrared camera in natural outdoor environments.      
### 69.Learning by Ignoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14288.pdf)
>  Learning by ignoring, which identifies less important things and excludes them from the learning process, is an effective learning technique in human learning. There has been psychological studies showing that learning to ignore certain things is a powerful tool for helping people focus. We are interested in investigating whether this powerful learning technique can be borrowed from humans to improve the learning abilities of machines. We propose a novel learning approach called learning by ignoring (LBI). Our approach automatically identifies pretraining data examples that have large domain shift from the target distribution by learning an ignoring variable for each example and excludes them from the pretraining process. We propose a three-level optimization framework to formulate LBI which involves three stages of learning: pretraining by minimizing the losses weighed by ignoring variables; finetuning; updating the ignoring variables by minimizing the validation loss. We develop an efficient algorithm to solve the LBI problem. Experiments on various datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 70.Latent Compass: Creation by Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14283.pdf)
>  In Marius von Senden's Space and Sight, a newly sighted blind patient describes the experience of a corner as lemon-like, because corners "prick" sight like lemons prick the tongue. Prickliness, here, is a dimension in the feature space of sensory experience, an effect of the perceived on the perceiver that arises where the two interact. In the account of the newly sighted, an effect familiar from one interaction translates to a novel context. Perception serves as the vehicle for generalization, in that an effect shared across different experiences produces a concrete abstraction grounded in those experiences. Cezanne and the post-impressionists, fluent in the language of experience translation, realized that the way to paint a concrete form that best reflected reality was to paint not what they saw, but what it was like to see. We envision a future of creation using AI where what it is like to see is replicable, transferrable, manipulable - part of the artist's palette that is both grounded in a particular context, and generalizable beyond it. <br>An active line of research maps human-interpretable features onto directions in GAN latent space. Supervised and self-supervised approaches that search for anticipated directions or use off-the-shelf classifiers to drive image manipulation in embedding space are limited in the variety of features they can uncover. Unsupervised approaches that discover useful new directions show that the space of perceptually meaningful directions is nowhere close to being fully mapped. As this space is broad and full of creative potential, we want tools for direction discovery that capture the richness and generalizability of human perception. Our approach puts creators in the discovery loop during real-time tool use, in order to identify directions that are perceptually meaningful to them, and generate interpretable image translations along those directions.      
### 71.Lesion Net -- Skin Lesion Segmentation Using Coordinate Convolution and Deep Residual Units  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14249.pdf)
>  Skin lesions segmentation is an important step in the process of automated diagnosis of the skin melanoma. However, the accuracy of segmenting melanomas skin lesions is quite a challenging task due to less data for training, irregular shapes, unclear boundaries, and different skin colors. Our proposed approach helps in improving the accuracy of skin lesion segmentation. Firstly, we have introduced the coordinate convolutional layer before passing the input image into the encoder. This layer helps the network to decide on the features related to translation invariance which further improves the generalization capacity of the model. Secondly, we have leveraged the properties of deep residual units along with the convolutional layers. At last, instead of using only cross-entropy or Dice-loss, we have combined the two-loss functions to optimize the training metrics which helps in converging the loss more quickly and smoothly. After training and validating the proposed model on ISIC 2018 (60% as train set + 20% as validation set), we tested the robustness of our trained model on various other datasets like ISIC 2018 (20% as test-set) ISIC 2017, 2016 and PH2 dataset. The results show that the proposed model either outperform or at par with the existing skin lesion segmentation methods.      
### 72.Combining CNN and Hybrid Active Contours for Head and Neck Tumor Segmentation in CT and PET images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14207.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of head and neck tumors plays an important role in radiomics analysis. In this short paper, we propose an automatic segmentation method for head and neck tumors from PET and CT images based on the combination of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and hybrid active contours. Specifically, we first introduce a multi-channel 3D U-Net to segment the tumor with the concatenated PET and CT images. Then, we estimate the segmentation uncertainty by model ensembles and define a segmentation quality score to select the cases with high uncertainties. Finally, we develop a hybrid active contour model to refine the high uncertainty cases. Our method ranked second place in the MICCAI 2020 HECKTOR challenge with average Dice Similarity Coefficient, precision, and recall of 0.752, 0.838, and 0.717, respectively.      
### 73.Screening COVID-19 Based on CT/CXR Images &amp; Building a Publicly Available CT-scan Dataset of COVID-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14204.pdf)
>  The rapid outbreak of COVID-19 threatens humans life all around the world. Due to insufficient diagnostic infrastructures, developing an accurate, efficient, inexpensive, and quick diagnostic tool is of great importance. As chest radiography, such as chest X-ray (CXR) and CT computed tomography (CT), is a possible way for screening COVID-19, developing an automatic image classification tool is immensely helpful for detecting the patients with COVID-19. To date, researchers have proposed several different screening methods; however, none of them could achieve a reliable and highly sensitive performance yet. The main drawbacks of current methods are the lack of having enough training data, low generalization performance, and a high rate of false-positive detection. To tackle such limitations, this study firstly builds a large-size publicly available CT-scan dataset, consisting of more than 13k CT-images of more than 1000 individuals, in which 8k images are taken from 500 patients infected with COVID-19. Secondly, we propose a deep learning model for screening COVID-19 using our proposed CT dataset and report the baseline results. Finally, we extend the proposed CT model for screening COVID-19 from CXR images using a transfer learning approach. The experimental results show that the proposed CT and CXR methods achieve the AUC scores of 0.886 and 0.984 respectively.      
### 74.Data augmentation and image understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14185.pdf)
>  Interdisciplinary research is often at the core of scientific progress. This dissertation explores some advantageous synergies between machine learning, cognitive science and neuroscience. In particular, this thesis focuses on vision and images. The human visual system has been widely studied from both behavioural and neuroscientific points of view, as vision is the dominant sense of most people. In turn, machine vision has also been an active area of research, currently dominated by the use of artificial neural networks. This work focuses on learning representations that are more aligned with visual perception and the biological vision. For that purpose, I have studied tools and aspects from cognitive science and computational neuroscience, and attempted to incorporate them into machine learning models of vision. <br>A central subject of this dissertation is data augmentation, a commonly used technique for training artificial neural networks to augment the size of data sets through transformations of the images. Although often overlooked, data augmentation implements transformations that are perceptually plausible, since they correspond to the transformations we see in our visual world -- changes in viewpoint or illumination, for instance. Furthermore, neuroscientists have found that the brain invariantly represents objects under these transformations. Throughout this dissertation, I use these insights to analyse data augmentation as a particularly useful inductive bias, a more effective regularisation method for artificial neural networks, and as the framework to analyse and improve the invariance of vision models to perceptually plausible transformations. Overall, this work aims to shed more light on the properties of data augmentation and demonstrate the potential of interdisciplinary research.      
### 75.A Google Earth Engine-enabled Python approach to improve identification of anthropogenic palaeo-landscape features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14180.pdf)
>  The necessity of sustainable development for landscapes has emerged as an important theme in recent decades. Current methods take a holistic approach to landscape heritage and promote an interdisciplinary dialogue to facilitate complementary landscape management strategies. With the socio-economic values of the natural and cultural landscape heritage increasingly recognised worldwide, remote sensing tools are being used more and more to facilitate the recording and management of landscape heritage. Satellite remote sensing technologies have enabled significant improvements in landscape research. The advent of the cloud-based platform of Google Earth Engine has allowed the rapid exploration and processing of satellite imagery such as the Landsat and Copernicus Sentinel datasets. In this paper, the use of Sentinel-2 satellite data in the identification of palaeo-riverscape features has been assessed in the Po Plain, selected because it is characterized by human exploitation since the Mid-Holocene. A multi-temporal approach has been adopted to investigate the potential of satellite imagery to detect buried hydrological and anthropogenic features along with Spectral Index and Spectral Decomposition analysis. This research represents one of the first applications of the GEE Python API in landscape studies. The complete FOSS-cloud protocol proposed here consists of a Python code script developed in Google Colab which could be simply adapted and replicated in different areas of the world      
### 76.Perception Consistency Ultrasound Image Super-resolution via Self-supervised CycleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14142.pdf)
>  Due to the limitations of sensors, the transmission medium and the intrinsic properties of ultrasound, the quality of ultrasound imaging is always not ideal, especially its low spatial resolution. To remedy this situation, deep learning networks have been recently developed for ultrasound image super-resolution (SR) because of the powerful approximation capability. However, most current supervised SR methods are not suitable for ultrasound medical images because the medical image samples are always rare, and usually, there are no low-resolution (LR) and high-resolution (HR) training pairs in reality. In this work, based on self-supervision and cycle generative adversarial network (CycleGAN), we propose a new perception consistency ultrasound image super-resolution (SR) method, which only requires the LR ultrasound data and can ensure the re-degenerated image of the generated SR one to be consistent with the original LR image, and vice versa. We first generate the HR fathers and the LR sons of the test ultrasound LR image through image enhancement, and then make full use of the cycle loss of LR-SR-LR and HR-LR-SR and the adversarial characteristics of the discriminator to promote the generator to produce better perceptually consistent SR results. The evaluation of PSNR/IFC/SSIM, inference efficiency and visual effects under the benchmark CCA-US and CCA-US datasets illustrate our proposed approach is effective and superior to other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 77.Analysis of Macula on Color Fundus Images Using Heightmap Reconstruction Through Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14140.pdf)
>  For medical diagnosis based on retinal images, a clear understanding of 3D structure is often required but due to the 2D nature of images captured, we cannot infer that information. However, by utilizing 3D reconstruction methods, we can recover the height information of the macula area on a fundus image which can be helpful for diagnosis and screening of macular disorders. Recent approaches have used shading information for heightmap prediction but their output was not accurate since they ignored the dependency between nearby pixels and only utilized shading information. Additionally, other methods were dependent on the availability of more than one image of the retina which is not available in practice. In this paper, motivated by the success of Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks(cGANs) and deeply supervised networks, we propose a novel architecture for the generator which enhances the details and the quality of output by progressive refinement and the use of deep supervision to reconstruct the height information of macula on a color fundus image. Comparisons on our own dataset illustrate that the proposed method outperforms all of the state-of-the-art methods in image translation and medical image translation on this particular task. Additionally, perceptual studies also indicate that the proposed method can provide additional information for ophthalmologists for diagnosis.      
### 78.Cascaded Convolutional Neural Network for Automatic Myocardial Infarction Segmentation from Delayed-Enhancement Cardiac MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14128.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of myocardial contours and relevant areas like infraction and no-reflow is an important step for the quantitative evaluation of myocardial infarction. In this work, we propose a cascaded convolutional neural network for automatic myocardial infarction segmentation from delayed-enhancement cardiac MRI. We first use a 2D U-Net to focus on the intra-slice information to perform a preliminary segmentation. After that, we use a 3D U-Net to utilize the volumetric spatial information for a subtle segmentation. Our method is evaluated on the MICCAI 2020 EMIDEC challenge dataset and achieves average Dice score of 0.8786, 0.7124 and 0.7851 for myocardium, infarction and no-reflow respectively, outperforms all the other teams of the segmentation contest.      
### 79.3D Axial-Attention for Lung Nodule Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14117.pdf)
>  Purpose: In recent years, Non-Local based methods have been successfully applied to lung nodule classification. However, these methods offer 2D attention or a limited 3D attention to low-resolution feature maps. Moreover, they still depend on a convenient local filter such as convolution as full 3D attention is expensive to compute and requires a big dataset, which might not be available. Methods: We propose to use 3D Axial-Attention, which requires a fraction of the computing power of a regular Non-Local network. Additionally, we solve the position invariant problem of the Non-Local network by proposing adding 3D positional encoding to shared embeddings. Results: We validated the proposed method on the LIDC-IDRI dataset by following a rigorous experimental setup using only nodules annotated by at least three radiologists. Our results show that the 3D Axial-Attention model achieves state-of-the-art performance on all evaluation metrics including AUC and Accuracy. Conclusions: The proposed model provides full 3D attention effectively, which can be used in all layers without the need for local filters. The experimental results show the importance of full 3D attention for classifying lung nodules.      
### 80.Diagnosis/Prognosis of COVID-19 Images: Challenges, Opportunities, and Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14106.pdf)
>  The novel Coronavirus disease, COVID-19, has rapidly and abruptly changed the world as we knew in 2020. It becomes the most unprecedent challenge to analytic epidemiology in general and signal processing theories in specific. Given its high contingency nature and adverse effects across the world, it is important to develop efficient processing/learning models to overcome this pandemic and be prepared for potential future ones. In this regard, medical imaging plays an important role for the management of COVID-19. Human-centered interpretation of medical images is, however, tedious and can be subjective. This has resulted in a surge of interest to develop Radiomics models for analysis and interpretation of medical images. Signal Processing (SP) and Deep Learning (DL) models can assist in development of robust Radiomics solutions for diagnosis/prognosis, severity assessment, treatment response, and monitoring of COVID-19 patients. In this article, we aim to present an overview of the current state, challenges, and opportunities of developing SP/DL-empowered models for diagnosis (screening/monitoring) and prognosis (outcome prediction and severity assessment) of COVID-19 infection. More specifically, the article starts by elaborating the latest development on the theoretical framework of analytic epidemiology and hypersignal processing for COVID-19. Afterwards, imaging modalities and Radiological characteristics of COVID-19 are discussed. SL/DL-based Radiomic models specific to the analysis of COVID-19 infection are then described covering the following four domains: Segmentation of COVID-19 lesions; Predictive models for outcome prediction; Severity assessment, and; Diagnosis/classification models. Finally, open problems and opportunities are presented in detail.      
### 81.Model Optimization for Deep Space Exploration via Simulators and Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14092.pdf)
>  Machine learning, and eventually true artificial intelligence techniques, are extremely important advancements in astrophysics and astronomy. We explore the application of deep learning using neural networks in order to automate the detection of astronomical bodies for future exploration missions, such as missions to search for signatures or suitability of life. The ability to acquire images, analyze them, and send back those that are important, as determined by the deep learning algorithm, is critical in bandwidth-limited applications. Our previous foundational work solidified the concept of using simulator images and deep learning in order to detect planets. Optimization of this process is of vital importance, as even a small loss in accuracy might be the difference between capturing and completely missing a possibly-habitable nearby planet. Through computer vision, deep learning, and simulators, we introduce methods that optimize the detection of exoplanets. We show that maximum achieved accuracy can hit above 98% for multiple model architectures, even with a relatively small training set.      
### 82.Generative Partial Visual-Tactile Fused Object Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.14070.pdf)
>  Visual-tactile fused sensing for object clustering has achieved significant progresses recently, since the involvement of tactile modality can effectively improve clustering performance. However, the missing data (i.e., partial data) issues always happen due to occlusion and noises during the data collecting process. This issue is not well solved by most existing partial multi-view clustering methods for the heterogeneous modality challenge. Naively employing these methods would inevitably induce a negative effect and further hurt the performance. To solve the mentioned challenges, we propose a Generative Partial Visual-Tactile Fused (i.e., GPVTF) framework for object clustering. More specifically, we first do partial visual and tactile features extraction from the partial visual and tactile data, respectively, and encode the extracted features in modality-specific feature subspaces. A conditional cross-modal clustering generative adversarial network is then developed to synthesize one modality conditioning on the other modality, which can compensate missing samples and align the visual and tactile modalities naturally by adversarial learning. To the end, two pseudo-label based KL-divergence losses are employed to update the corresponding modality-specific encoders. Extensive comparative experiments on three public visual-tactile datasets prove the effectiveness of our method.      
### 83.Domain Generalisation with Domain Augmented Supervised Contrastive Learning (Student Abstract)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13973.pdf)
>  Domain generalisation (DG) methods address the problem of domain shift, when there is a mismatch between the distributions of training and target domains. Data augmentation approaches have emerged as a promising alternative for DG. However, data augmentation alone is not sufficient to achieve lower generalisation errors. This project proposes a new method that combines data augmentation and domain distance minimisation to address the problems associated with data augmentation and provide a guarantee on the learning performance, under an existing framework. Empirically, our method outperforms baseline results on DG benchmarks.      
### 84.Generalized Categorisation of Digital Pathology Whole Image Slides using Unsupervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13955.pdf)
>  This project aims to break down large pathology images into small tiles and then cluster those tiles into distinct groups without the knowledge of true labels, our analysis shows how difficult certain aspects of clustering tumorous and non-tumorous cells can be and also shows that comparing the results of different unsupervised approaches is not a trivial task. The project also provides a software package to be used by the digital pathology community, that uses some of the approaches developed to perform unsupervised unsupervised tile classification, which could then be easily manually labelled. <br>The project uses a mixture of techniques ranging from classical clustering algorithms such as K-Means and Gaussian Mixture Models to more complicated feature extraction techniques such as deep Autoencoders and Multi-loss learning. Throughout the project, we attempt to set a benchmark for evaluation using a few measures such as completeness scores and cluster plots. <br>Throughout our results we show that Convolutional Autoencoders manages to slightly outperform the rest of the approaches due to its powerful internal representation learning abilities. Moreover, we show that Gaussian Mixture models produce better results than K-Means on average due to its flexibility in capturing different clusters. We also show the huge difference in the difficulties of classifying different types of pathology textures.      
### 85.Learning Generalized Spatial-Temporal Deep Feature Representation for No-Reference Video Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13936.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a no-reference video quality assessment method, aiming to achieve high-generalization capability in cross-content, -resolution and -frame rate quality prediction. In particular, we evaluate the quality of a video by learning effective feature representations in spatial-temporal domain. In the spatial domain, to tackle the resolution and content variations, we impose the Gaussian distribution constraints on the quality features. The unified distribution can significantly reduce the domain gap between different video samples, resulting in a more generalized quality feature representation. Along the temporal dimension, inspired by the mechanism of visual perception, we propose a pyramid temporal aggregation module by involving the short-term and long-term memory to aggregate the frame-level quality. Experiments show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on cross-dataset settings, and achieves comparable performance on intra-dataset configurations, demonstrating the high-generalization capability of the proposed method.      
### 86.WHU-Hi: UAV-borne hyperspectral with high spatial resolution (H2) benchmark datasets for hyperspectral image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13920.pdf)
>  Classification is an important aspect of hyperspectral images processing and application. At present, the researchers mostly use the classic airborne hyperspectral imagery as the benchmark dataset. However, existing datasets suffer from three bottlenecks: (1) low spatial resolution; (2) low labeled pixels proportion; (3) low degree of subclasses distinction. In this paper, a new benchmark dataset named the Wuhan UAV-borne hyperspectral image (WHU-Hi) dataset was built for hyperspectral image classification. The WHU-Hi dataset with a high spectral resolution (nm level) and a very high spatial resolution (cm level), which we refer to here as H2 imager. Besides, the WHU-Hi dataset has a higher pixel labeling ratio and finer subclasses. Some start-of-art hyperspectral image classification methods benchmarked the WHU-Hi dataset, and the experimental results show that WHU-Hi is a challenging dataset. We hope WHU-Hi dataset can become a strong benchmark to accelerate future research.      
### 87.Structure-Aware Layer Decomposition Learning Based on Gaussian Convolution Model for Inverse Halftoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13894.pdf)
>  Layer decomposition to separate an input image into base and detail layers has been steadily used for image restoration. Existing residual networks based on an additive model require residual layers with a small output range for fast convergence and visual quality improvement. However, in inverse halftoning, homogenous dot patterns hinder a small output range from the residual layers. Therefore, a new layer decomposition network based on the Gaussian convolution model (GCM) and structure-aware deblurring strategy is presented to achieve residual learning for both the base and detail layers. For the base layer, a new GCM-based residual subnetwork is presented. The GCM utilizes a statistical distribution, in which the image difference between a blurred continuous-tone image and a blurred halftoned image with a Gaussian filter can result in a narrow output range. Subsequently, the GCM-based residual subnetwork uses a Gaussian-filtered halftoned image as input and outputs the image difference as residual, thereby generating the base layer, i.e., the Gaussian-blurred continuous-tone image. For the detail layer, a new structure-aware residual deblurring subnetwork (SARDS) is presented. To remove the Gaussian blurring of the base layer, the SARDS uses the predicted base layer as input and outputs the deblurred version. To more effectively restore image structures such as lines and texts, a new image structure map predictor is incorporated into the deblurring network to induce structure-adaptive learning. This paper provides a method to realize the residual learning of both the base and detail layers based on the GCM and SARDS. In addition, it is verified that the proposed method surpasses state-of-the-art methods based on U-Net, direct deblurring networks, and progressively residual networks.      
### 88.Histogram Matching Augmentation for Domain Adaptation with Application to Multi-Centre, Multi-Vendor and Multi-Disease Cardiac Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13871.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have achieved high accuracy for cardiac structure segmentation if training cases and testing cases are from the same distribution. However, the performance would be degraded if the testing cases are from a distinct domain (e.g., new MRI scanners, clinical centers). In this paper, we propose a histogram matching (HM) data augmentation method to eliminate the domain gap. Specifically, our method generates new training cases by using HM to transfer the intensity distribution of testing cases to existing training cases. The proposed method is quite simple and can be used in a plug-and-play way in many segmentation tasks. The method is evaluated on MICCAI 2020 M\&amp;Ms challenge, and achieves average Dice scores of 0.9051, 0.8405, and 0.8749, and Hausdorff Distances of 9.996, 12.49, and 12.68 for the left ventricular, myocardium, and right ventricular, respectively. Our results rank the third place in MICCAI 2020 M\&amp;Ms challenge. The code and trained models are publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JunMa11/HM_DataAug" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 89.Improving the Generalization of End-to-End Driving through Procedural Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13681.pdf)
>  Recently there is a growing interest in the end-to-end training of autonomous driving where the entire driving pipeline from perception to control is modeled as a neural network and jointly optimized. The end-to-end driving is usually first developed and validated in simulators. However, most of the existing driving simulators only contain a fixed set of maps and a limited number of configurations. As a result the deep models are prone to overfitting training scenarios. Furthermore it is difficult to assess how well the trained models generalize to unseen scenarios. To better evaluate and improve the generalization of end-to-end driving, we introduce an open-ended and highly configurable driving simulator called PGDrive. PGDrive first defines multiple basic road blocks such as ramp, fork, and roundabout with configurable settings. Then a range of diverse maps can be assembled from those blocks with procedural generation, which are further turned into interactive environments. The experiments show that the driving agent trained by reinforcement learning on a small fixed set of maps generalizes poorly to unseen maps. We further validate that training with the increasing number of procedurally generated maps significantly improves the generalization of the agent across scenarios of different traffic densities and map structures. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://decisionforce.github.io/pgdrive" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 90.Multidimensional Uncertainty-Aware Evidential Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13676.pdf)
>  Traditional deep neural networks (NNs) have significantly contributed to the state-of-the-art performance in the task of classification under various application domains. However, NNs have not considered inherent uncertainty in data associated with the class probabilities where misclassification under uncertainty may easily introduce high risk in decision making in real-world contexts (e.g., misclassification of objects in roads leads to serious accidents). Unlike Bayesian NN that indirectly infer uncertainty through weight uncertainties, evidential NNs (ENNs) have been recently proposed to explicitly model the uncertainty of class probabilities and use them for classification tasks. An ENN offers the formulation of the predictions of NNs as subjective opinions and learns the function by collecting an amount of evidence that can form the subjective opinions by a deterministic NN from data. However, the ENN is trained as a black box without explicitly considering inherent uncertainty in data with their different root causes, such as vacuity (i.e., uncertainty due to a lack of evidence) or dissonance (i.e., uncertainty due to conflicting evidence). By considering the multidimensional uncertainty, we proposed a novel uncertainty-aware evidential NN called WGAN-ENN (WENN) for solving an out-of-distribution (OOD) detection problem. We took a hybrid approach that combines Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Network (WGAN) with ENNs to jointly train a model with prior knowledge of a certain class, which has high vacuity for OOD samples. Via extensive empirical experiments based on both synthetic and real-world datasets, we demonstrated that the estimation of uncertainty by WENN can significantly help distinguish OOD samples from boundary samples. WENN outperformed in OOD detection when compared with other competitive counterparts.      
### 91.Deep Learning Framework Applied for Predicting Anomaly of Respiratory Sounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13668.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a robust deep learning framework used for classifying anomaly of respiratory cycles. Initially, our framework starts with front-end feature extraction step. This step aims to transform the respiratory input sound into a two-dimensional spectrogram where both spectral and temporal features are well presented. Next, an ensemble of C- DNN and Autoencoder networks is then applied to classify into four categories of respiratory anomaly cycles. In this work, we conducted experiments over 2017 Internal Conference on Biomedical Health Informatics (ICBHI) benchmark dataset. As a result, we achieve competitive performances with ICBHI average score of 0.49, ICBHI harmonic score of 0.42.      
### 92.Taxonomy of multimodal self-supervised representation learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13623.pdf)
>  Sensory input from multiple sources is crucial for robust and coherent human perception. Different sources contribute complementary explanatory factors and get combined based on factors they share. This system motivated the design of powerful unsupervised representation-learning algorithms. In this paper, we unify recent work on multimodal self-supervised learning under a single framework. Observing that most self-supervised methods optimize similarity metrics between a set of model components, we propose a taxonomy of all reasonable ways to organize this process. We empirically show on two versions of multimodal MNIST and a multimodal brain imaging dataset that (1) multimodal contrastive learning has significant benefits over its unimodal counterpart, (2) the specific composition of multiple contrastive objectives is critical to performance on a downstream task, (3) maximization of the similarity between representations has a regularizing effect on a neural network, which sometimes can lead to reduced downstream performance but still can reveal multimodal relations. Consequently, we outperform previous unsupervised encoder-decoder methods based on CCA or variational mixtures MMVAE on various datasets on linear evaluation protocol.      
### 93.Teaching Robots Novel Objects by Pointing at Them  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13620.pdf)
>  Robots that must operate in novel environments and collaborate with humans must be capable of acquiring new knowledge from human experts during operation. We propose teaching a robot novel objects it has not encountered before by pointing a hand at the new object of interest. An end-to-end neural network is used to attend to the novel object of interest indicated by the pointing hand and then to localize the object in new scenes. In order to attend to the novel object indicated by the pointing hand, we propose a spatial attention modulation mechanism that learns to focus on the highlighted object while ignoring the other objects in the scene. We show that a robot arm can manipulate novel objects that are highlighted by pointing a hand at them. We also evaluate the performance of the proposed architecture on a synthetic dataset constructed using emojis and on a real-world dataset of common objects.      
### 94.COVIDX: Computer-aided diagnosis of Covid-19 and its severity prediction with raw digital chest X-ray images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13605.pdf)
>  Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is a contagious infection caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-COV-2) and it has infected and killed millions of people across the globe. In the absence of specific drugs or vaccines for the treatment of COVID-19 and the limitation of prevailing diagnostic techniques, there is a requirement for some alternate automatic screening systems that can be used by the physicians to quickly identify and isolate the infected patients. A chest X-ray (CXR) image can be used as an alternative modality to detect and diagnose the COVID-19. In this study, we present an automatic COVID-19 diagnostic and severity prediction (COVIDX) system that uses deep feature maps from CXR images to diagnose COVID-19 and its severity prediction. The proposed system uses a three-phase classification approach (healthy vs unhealthy, COVID-19 vs Pneumonia, and COVID-19 severity) using different shallow supervised classification algorithms. We evaluated COVIDX not only through 10-fold cross2 validation and by using an external validation dataset but also in real settings by involving an experienced radiologist. In all the evaluation settings, COVIDX outperforms all the existing stateof-the-art methods designed for this purpose. We made COVIDX easily accessible through a cloud-based webserver and python code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/wajidarshad/software" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wajidarshad/covidx" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, respectively.      
### 95.Deep Learning Methods for Screening Pulmonary Tuberculosis Using Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13582.pdf)
>  Tuberculosis (TB) is a contagious bacterial airborne disease, and is one of the top 10 causes of death worldwide. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), around 1.8 billion people are infected with TB and 1.6 million deaths were reported in 2018. More importantly,95% of cases and deaths were from developing countries. Yet, TB is a completely curable disease through early diagnosis. To achieve this goal one of the key requirements is efficient utilization of existing diagnostic technologies, among which chest X-ray is the first line of diagnostic tool used for screening for active TB. The presented deep learning pipeline consists of three different state of the art deep learning architectures, to generate, segment and classify lung X-rays. Apart from this image preprocessing, image augmentation, genetic algorithm based hyper parameter tuning and model ensembling were used to to improve the diagnostic process. We were able to achieve classification accuracy of 97.1% (Youden's index-0.941,sensitivity of 97.9% and specificity of 96.2%) which is a considerable improvement compared to the existing work in the literature. In our work, we present an highly accurate, automated TB screening system using chest X-rays, which would be helpful especially for low income countries with low access to qualified medical professionals.      
### 96.Three-dimensional Simultaneous Shape and Pose Estimation for Extended Objects Using Spherical Harmonics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13580.pdf)
>  We propose a new recursive method for simultaneous estimation of both the pose and the shape of a three-dimensional extended object. The key idea of the presented method is to represent the shape of the object using spherical harmonics, similar to the way Fourier series can be used in the two-dimensional case. This allows us to derive a measurement equation that can be used within the framework of nonlinear filters such as the UKF. We provide both simulative and experimental evaluations of the novel techniques.      
### 97.Comprehensive Graph-conditional Similarity Preserving Network for Unsupervised Cross-modal Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13538.pdf)
>  Unsupervised cross-modal hashing (UCMH) has become a hot topic recently. Current UCMH focuses on exploring data similarities. However, current UCMH methods calculate the similarity between two data, mainly relying on the two data's cross-modal features. These methods suffer from inaccurate similarity problems that result in a suboptimal retrieval Hamming space, because the cross-modal features between the data are not sufficient to describe the complex data relationships, such as situations where two data have different feature representations but share the inherent concepts. In this paper, we devise a deep graph-neighbor coherence preserving network (DGCPN). Specifically, DGCPN stems from graph models and explores graph-neighbor coherence by consolidating the information between data and their neighbors. DGCPN regulates comprehensive similarity preserving losses by exploiting three types of data similarities (i.e., the graph-neighbor coherence, the coexistent similarity, and the intra- and inter-modality consistency) and designs a half-real and half-binary optimization strategy to reduce the quantization errors during hashing. Essentially, DGCPN addresses the inaccurate similarity problem by exploring and exploiting the data's intrinsic relationships in a graph. We conduct extensive experiments on three public UCMH datasets. The experimental results demonstrate the superiority of DGCPN, e.g., by improving the mean average precision from 0.722 to 0.751 on MIRFlickr-25K using 64-bit hashing codes to retrieve texts from images. We will release the source code package and the trained model on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Atmegal/DGCPN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 98.Prediction by Anticipation: An Action-Conditional Prediction Method based on Interaction Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13478.pdf)
>  In autonomous driving (AD), accurately predicting changes in the environment can effectively improve safety and comfort. Due to complex interactions among traffic participants, however, it is very hard to achieve accurate prediction for a long horizon. To address this challenge, we propose prediction by anticipation, which views interaction in terms of a latent probabilistic generative process wherein some vehicles move partly in response to the anticipated motion of other vehicles. Under this view, consecutive data frames can be factorized into sequential samples from an action-conditional distribution that effectively generalizes to a wider range of actions and driving situations. Our proposed prediction model, variational Bayesian in nature, is trained to maximize the evidence lower bound (ELBO) of the log-likelihood of this conditional distribution. Evaluations of our approach with prominent AD datasets NGSIM I-80 and Argoverse show significant improvement over current state-of-the-art in both accuracy and generalization.      
### 99.Mixed-Privacy Forgetting in Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.13431.pdf)
>  We show that the influence of a subset of the training samples can be removed -- or "forgotten" -- from the weights of a network trained on large-scale image classification tasks, and we provide strong computable bounds on the amount of remaining information after forgetting. Inspired by real-world applications of forgetting techniques, we introduce a novel notion of forgetting in mixed-privacy setting, where we know that a "core" subset of the training samples does not need to be forgotten. While this variation of the problem is conceptually simple, we show that working in this setting significantly improves the accuracy and guarantees of forgetting methods applied to vision classification tasks. Moreover, our method allows efficient removal of all information contained in non-core data by simply setting to zero a subset of the weights with minimal loss in performance. We achieve these results by replacing a standard deep network with a suitable linear approximation. With opportune changes to the network architecture and training procedure, we show that such linear approximation achieves comparable performance to the original network and that the forgetting problem becomes quadratic and can be solved efficiently even for large models. Unlike previous forgetting methods on deep networks, ours can achieve close to the state-of-the-art accuracy on large scale vision tasks. In particular, we show that our method allows forgetting without having to trade off the model accuracy.      
