# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 10 Dec 2020
### 1.Video Deblurring by Fitting to Test Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05228.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to video deblurring by fitting a deep network to the test video. One key observation is that some frames in a video with motion blur are much sharper than others, and thus we can transfer the texture information in those sharp frames to blurry frames. Our approach heuristically selects sharp frames from a video and then trains a convolutional neural network on these sharp frames. The trained network often absorbs enough details in the scene to perform deblurring on all the video frames. As an internal learning method, our approach has no domain gap between training and test data, which is a problematic issue for existing video deblurring approaches. The conducted experiments on real-world video data show that our model can reconstruct clearer and sharper videos than state-of-the-art video deblurring approaches. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xrenaa/Deblur-by-Fitting" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.MorphNet: One-Shot Face Synthesis GAN for Detecting Recognition Bias  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05225.pdf)
>  To detect bias in face recognition networks, it can be useful to probe a network under test using samples in which only specific attributes vary in some controlled way. However, capturing a sufficiently large dataset with specific control over the attributes of interest is difficult. In this work, we describe a simulator that applies specific head pose and facial expression adjustments to images of previously unseen people. The simulator first fits a 3D morphable model to a provided image, applies the desired head pose and facial expression controls, then renders the model into an image. Next, a conditional Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) conditioned on the original image and the rendered morphable model is used to produce the image of the original person with the new facial expression and head pose. We call this conditional GAN -- MorphNet. Images generated using MorphNet conserve the identity of the person in the original image, and the provided control over head pose and facial expression allows test sets to be created to identify robustness issues of a facial recognition deep network with respect to pose and expression. Images generated by MorphNet can also serve as data augmentation when training data are scarce. We show that by augmenting small datasets of faces with new poses and expressions improves the recognition performance by up to 9% depending on the augmentation and data scarcity.      
### 3.Positional Encoding as Spatial Inductive Bias in GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05217.pdf)
>  SinGAN shows impressive capability in learning internal patch distribution despite its limited effective receptive field. We are interested in knowing how such a translation-invariant convolutional generator could capture the global structure with just a spatially i.i.d. input. In this work, taking SinGAN and StyleGAN2 as examples, we show that such capability, to a large extent, is brought by the implicit positional encoding when using zero padding in the generators. Such positional encoding is indispensable for generating images with high fidelity. The same phenomenon is observed in other generative architectures such as DCGAN and PGGAN. We further show that zero padding leads to an unbalanced spatial bias with a vague relation between locations. To offer a better spatial inductive bias, we investigate alternative positional encodings and analyze their effects. Based on a more flexible positional encoding explicitly, we propose a new multi-scale training strategy and demonstrate its effectiveness in the state-of-the-art unconditional generator StyleGAN2. Besides, the explicit spatial inductive bias substantially improve SinGAN for more versatile image manipulation.      
### 4.E3D: Event-Based 3D Shape Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05214.pdf)
>  3D shape reconstruction is a primary component of augmented/virtual reality. Despite being highly advanced, existing solutions based on RGB, RGB-D and Lidar sensors are power and data intensive, which introduces challenges for deployment in edge devices. We approach 3D reconstruction with an event camera, a sensor with significantly lower power, latency and data expense while enabling high dynamic range. While previous event-based 3D reconstruction methods are primarily based on stereo vision, we cast the problem as multi-view shape from silhouette using a monocular event camera. The output from a moving event camera is a sparse point set of space-time gradients, largely sketching scene/object edges and contours. We first introduce an event-to-silhouette (E2S) neural network module to transform a stack of event frames to the corresponding silhouettes, with additional neural branches for camera pose regression. Second, we introduce E3D, which employs a 3D differentiable renderer (PyTorch3D) to enforce cross-view 3D mesh consistency and fine-tune the E2S and pose network. Lastly, we introduce a 3D-to-events simulation pipeline and apply it to publicly available object datasets and generate synthetic event/silhouette training pairs for supervised learning.      
### 5.Predicting Prostate Cancer-Specific Mortality with A.I.-based Gleason Grading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05197.pdf)
>  Gleason grading of prostate cancer is an important prognostic factor but suffers from poor reproducibility, particularly among non-subspecialist pathologists. Although artificial intelligence (A.I.) tools have demonstrated Gleason grading on-par with expert pathologists, it remains an open question whether A.I. grading translates to better prognostication. In this study, we developed a system to predict prostate-cancer specific mortality via A.I.-based Gleason grading and subsequently evaluated its ability to risk-stratify patients on an independent retrospective cohort of 2,807 prostatectomy cases from a single European center with 5-25 years of follow-up (median: 13, interquartile range 9-17). The A.I.'s risk scores produced a C-index of 0.84 (95%CI 0.80-0.87) for prostate cancer-specific mortality. Upon discretizing these risk scores into risk groups analogous to pathologist Grade Groups (GG), the A.I. had a C-index of 0.82 (95%CI 0.78-0.85). On the subset of cases with a GG in the original pathology report (n=1,517), the A.I.'s C-indices were 0.87 and 0.85 for continuous and discrete grading, respectively, compared to 0.79 (95%CI 0.71-0.86) for GG obtained from the reports. These represent improvements of 0.08 (95%CI 0.01-0.15) and 0.07 (95%CI 0.00-0.14) respectively. Our results suggest that A.I.-based Gleason grading can lead to effective risk-stratification and warrants further evaluation for improving disease management.      
### 6.Rigid and Articulated Point Registration with Expectation Conditional Maximization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05191.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the issue of matching rigid and articulated shapes through probabilistic point registration. The problem is recast into a missing data framework where unknown correspondences are handled via mixture models. Adopting a maximum likelihood principle, we introduce an innovative EM-like algorithm, namely the Expectation Conditional Maximization for Point Registration (ECMPR) algorithm. The algorithm allows the use of general covariance matrices for the mixture model components and improves over the isotropic covariance case. We analyse in detail the associated consequences in terms of estimation of the registration parameters, and we propose an optimal method for estimating the rotational and translational parameters based on semi-definite positive relaxation. We extend rigid registration to articulated registration. Robustness is ensured by detecting and rejecting outliers through the addition of a uniform component to the Gaussian mixture model at hand. We provide an in-depth analysis of our method and we compare it both theoretically and experimentally with other robust methods for point registration.      
### 7.Physics-Guided Spoof Trace Disentanglement for Generic Face Anti-Spoofing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05185.pdf)
>  Prior studies show that the key to face anti-spoofing lies in the subtle image pattern, termed "spoof trace", e.g., color distortion, 3D mask edge, Moire pattern, and many others. Designing a generic face anti-spoofing model to estimate those spoof traces can improve not only the generalization of the spoof detection, but also the interpretability of the model's decision. Yet, this is a challenging task due to the diversity of spoof types and the lack of ground truth in spoof traces. In this work, we design a novel adversarial learning framework to disentangle spoof faces into the spoof traces and the live counterparts. Guided by physical properties, the spoof generation is represented as a combination of additive process and inpainting process. Additive process describes spoofing as spoof material introducing extra patterns (e.g., moire pattern), where the live counterpart can be recovered by removing those patterns. Inpainting process describes spoofing as spoof material fully covering certain regions, where the live counterpart of those regions has to be "guessed". We use 3 additive components and 1 inpainting component to represent traces at different frequency bands. The disentangled spoof traces can be utilized to synthesize realistic new spoof faces after proper geometric correction, and the synthesized spoof can be used for training and improve the generalization of spoof detection. Our approach demonstrates superior spoof detection performance on 3 testing scenarios: known attacks, unknown attacks, and open-set attacks. Meanwhile, it provides a visually-convincing estimation of the spoof traces. Source code and pre-trained models will be publicly available upon publication.      
### 8.Simple is not Easy: A Simple Strong Baseline for TextVQA and TextCaps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05153.pdf)
>  Texts appearing in daily scenes that can be recognized by OCR (Optical Character Recognition) tools contain significant information, such as street name, product brand and prices. Two tasks -- text-based visual question answering and text-based image captioning, with a text extension from existing vision-language applications, are catching on rapidly. To address these problems, many sophisticated multi-modality encoding frameworks (such as heterogeneous graph structure) are being used. In this paper, we argue that a simple attention mechanism can do the same or even better job without any bells and whistles. Under this mechanism, we simply split OCR token features into separate visual- and linguistic-attention branches, and send them to a popular Transformer decoder to generate answers or captions. Surprisingly, we find this simple baseline model is rather strong -- it consistently outperforms state-of-the-art (SOTA) models on two popular benchmarks, TextVQA and all three tasks of ST-VQA, although these SOTA models use far more complex encoding mechanisms. Transferring it to text-based image captioning, we also surpass the TextCaps Challenge 2020 winner. We wish this work to set the new baseline for this two OCR text related applications and to inspire new thinking of multi-modality encoder design. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZephyrZhuQi/ssbaseline" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 9.Self-supervised Human Detection and Segmentation via Multi-view Consensus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05119.pdf)
>  Self-supervised detection and segmentation of foreground objects in complex scenes is gaining attention as their fully-supervised counterparts require overly large amounts of annotated data to deliver sufficient accuracy in domain-specific applications. However, existing self-supervised approaches predominantly rely on restrictive assumptions on appearance and motion, which precludes their use in scenes depicting highly dynamic activities or involve camera motion. <br>To mitigate this problem, we propose using a multi-camera framework in which geometric constraints are embedded in the form of multi-view consistency during training via coarse 3D localization in a voxel grid and fine-grained offset regression. In this manner, we learn a joint distribution of proposals over multiple views. At inference time, our method operates on single RGB images. <br>We show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art self-supervised person detection and segmentation techniques on images that visually depart from those of standard benchmarks, as well as on those of the classical Human3.6M dataset.      
### 10.Deep Denoising of Flash and No-Flash Pairs for Photography in Low-Light Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05116.pdf)
>  We introduce a neural network-based method to denoise pairs of images taken in quick succession in low-light environments, with and without a flash. Our goal is to produce a high-quality rendering of the scene that preserves the color and mood from the ambient illumination of the noisy no-flash image, while recovering surface texture and detail revealed by the flash. Our network outputs a gain map and a field of kernels, the latter obtained by linearly mixing elements of a per-image low-rank kernel basis. We first apply the kernel field to the no-flash image, and then multiply the result with the gain map to create the final output. We show our network effectively learns to produce high-quality images by combining a smoothed out estimate of the scene's ambient appearance from the no-flash image, with high-frequency albedo details extracted from the flash input. Our experiments show significant improvements over alternative captures without a flash, and baseline denoisers that use flash no-flash pairs. In particular, our method produces images that are both noise-free and contain accurate ambient colors without the sharp shadows or strong specular highlights visible in the flash image.      
### 11.Contrastive Transformation for Self-supervised Correspondence Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05057.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the self-supervised learning of visual correspondence using unlabeled videos in the wild. Our method simultaneously considers intra- and inter-video representation associations for reliable correspondence estimation. The intra-video learning transforms the image contents across frames within a single video via the frame pair-wise affinity. To obtain the discriminative representation for instance-level separation, we go beyond the intra-video analysis and construct the inter-video affinity to facilitate the contrastive transformation across different videos. By forcing the transformation consistency between intra- and inter-video levels, the fine-grained correspondence associations are well preserved and the instance-level feature discrimination is effectively reinforced. Our simple framework outperforms the recent self-supervised correspondence methods on a range of visual tasks including video object tracking (VOT), video object segmentation (VOS), pose keypoint tracking, etc. It is worth mentioning that our method also surpasses the fully-supervised affinity representation (e.g., ResNet) and performs competitively against the recent fully-supervised algorithms designed for the specific tasks (e.g., VOT and VOS).      
### 12.Scene Text Detection with Scribble Lines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05030.pdf)
>  Scene text detection, which is one of the most popular topics in both academia and industry, can achieve remarkable performance with sufficient training data. However, the annotation costs of scene text detection are huge with traditional labeling methods due to the various shapes of texts. Thus, it is practical and insightful to study simpler labeling methods without harming the detection performance. In this paper, we propose to annotate the texts by scribble lines instead of polygons for text detection. It is a general labeling method for texts with various shapes and requires low labeling costs. Furthermore, a weakly-supervised scene text detection framework is proposed to use the scribble lines for text detection. The experiments on several benchmarks show that the proposed method bridges the performance gap between the weakly labeling method and the original polygon-based labeling methods, with even better performance. We will release the weak annotations of the benchmarks in our experiments and hope it will benefit the field of scene text detection to achieve better performance with simpler annotations.      
### 13.Generating Out of Distribution Adversarial Attack using Latent Space Poisoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05027.pdf)
>  Traditional adversarial attacks rely upon the perturbations generated by gradients from the network which are generally safeguarded by gradient guided search to provide an adversarial counterpart to the network. In this paper, we propose a novel mechanism of generating adversarial examples where the actual image is not corrupted rather its latent space representation is utilized to tamper with the inherent structure of the image while maintaining the perceptual quality intact and to act as legitimate data samples. As opposed to gradient-based attacks, the latent space poisoning exploits the inclination of classifiers to model the independent and identical distribution of the training dataset and tricks it by producing out of distribution samples. We train a disentangled variational autoencoder (beta-VAE) to model the data in latent space and then we add noise perturbations using a class-conditioned distribution function to the latent space under the constraint that it is misclassified to the target label. Our empirical results on MNIST, SVHN, and CelebA dataset validate that the generated adversarial examples can easily fool robust l_0, l_2, l_inf norm classifiers designed using provably robust defense mechanisms.      
### 14.vLPD-Net: A Registration-aided Domain Adaptation Network for 3D Point Cloud Based Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05018.pdf)
>  In the field of large-scale SLAM for autonomous driving and mobile robotics, 3D point cloud based place recognition has aroused significant research interest due to its robustness to changing environments with drastic daytime and weather variance. However, it is time-consuming and effort-costly to obtain high-quality point cloud data and groundtruth for registration and place recognition model training in the real world. To this end, a novel registration-aided 3D domain adaptation network for point cloud based place recognition is proposed. A structure-aware registration network is introduced to help learn feature from geometric properties and a matching rate based triplet loss is involved for metric learning. The model is trained through a new virtual LiDAR dataset through GTA-V with diverse weather and daytime conditions and domain adaptation is implemented to the real-world domain by aligning the local and global features. Extensive experiments have been conducted to validate the effectiveness of the structure-aware registration network and domain adaptation. Our results outperform state-of-the-art 3D place recognition baselines on the real-world Oxford RobotCar dataset with the visualization of large-scale registration on the virtual dataset.      
### 15.Machine Learning for Glacier Monitoring in the Hindu Kush Himalaya  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05013.pdf)
>  Glacier mapping is key to ecological monitoring in the hkh region. Climate change poses a risk to individuals whose livelihoods depend on the health of glacier ecosystems. In this work, we present a machine learning based approach to support ecological monitoring, with a focus on glaciers. Our approach is based on semi-automated mapping from satellite images. We utilize readily available remote sensing data to create a model to identify and outline both clean ice and debris-covered glaciers from satellite imagery. We also release data and develop a web tool that allows experts to visualize and correct model predictions, with the ultimate aim of accelerating the glacier mapping process.      
### 16.Strong but Simple Baseline with Dual-Granularity Triplet Loss for Visible-Thermal Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05010.pdf)
>  In this letter, we propose a conceptually simple and effective dual-granularity triplet loss for visible-thermal person re-identification (VT-ReID). In general, ReID models are always trained with the sample-based triplet loss and identification loss from the fine granularity level. It is possible when a center-based loss is introduced to encourage the intra-class compactness and inter-class discrimination from the coarse granularity level. Our proposed dual-granularity triplet loss well organizes the sample-based triplet loss and center-based triplet loss in a hierarchical fine to coarse granularity manner, just with some simple configurations of typical operations, such as pooling and batch normalization. Experiments on RegDB and SYSU-MM01 datasets show that with only the global features our dual-granularity triplet loss can improve the VT-ReID performance by a significant margin. It can be a strong VT-ReID baseline to boost future research with high quality.      
### 17.Group-Wise Semantic Mining for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05007.pdf)
>  Acquiring sufficient ground-truth supervision to train deep visual models has been a bottleneck over the years due to the data-hungry nature of deep learning. This is exacerbated in some structured prediction tasks, such as semantic segmentation, which requires pixel-level annotations. This work addresses weakly supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS), with the goal of bridging the gap between image-level annotations and pixel-level segmentation. We formulate WSSS as a novel group-wise learning task that explicitly models semantic dependencies in a group of images to estimate more reliable pseudo ground-truths, which can be used for training more accurate segmentation models. In particular, we devise a graph neural network (GNN) for group-wise semantic mining, wherein input images are represented as graph nodes, and the underlying relations between a pair of images are characterized by an efficient co-attention mechanism. Moreover, in order to prevent the model from paying excessive attention to common semantics only, we further propose a graph dropout layer, encouraging the model to learn more accurate and complete object responses. The whole network is end-to-end trainable by iterative message passing, which propagates interaction cues over the images to progressively improve the performance. We conduct experiments on the popular PASCAL VOC 2012 and COCO benchmarks, and our model yields state-of-the-art performance. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Lixy1997/Group-WSSS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Hateful Memes Detection via Complementary Visual and Linguistic Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04977.pdf)
>  Hateful memes are widespread in social media and convey negative information. The main challenge of hateful memes detection is that the expressive meaning can not be well recognized by a single modality. In order to further integrate modal information, we investigate a candidate solution based on complementary visual and linguistic network in Hateful Memes Challenge 2020. In this way, more comprehensive information of the multi-modality could be explored in detail. Both contextual-level and sensitive object-level information are considered in visual and linguistic embedding to formulate the complex multi-modal scenarios. Specifically, a pre-trained classifier and object detector are utilized to obtain the contextual features and region-of-interests (RoIs) from the input, followed by the position representation fusion for visual embedding. While linguistic embedding is composed of three components, i.e., the sentence words embedding, position embedding and the corresponding Spacy embedding (Sembedding), which is a symbol represented by vocabulary extracted by Spacy. Both visual and linguistic embedding are fed into the designed Complementary Visual and Linguistic (CVL) networks to produce the prediction for hateful memes. Experimental results on Hateful Memes Challenge Dataset demonstrate that CVL provides a decent performance, and produces 78:48% and 72:95% on the criteria of AUROC and Accuracy. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/webYFDT/hateful" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Recurrence-free unconstrained handwritten text recognition using gated fully convolutional network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04961.pdf)
>  Unconstrained handwritten text recognition is a major step in most document analysis tasks. This is generally processed by deep recurrent neural networks and more specifically with the use of Long Short-Term Memory cells. The main drawbacks of these components are the large number of parameters involved and their sequential execution during training and prediction. One alternative solution to using LSTM cells is to compensate the long time memory loss with an heavy use of convolutional layers whose operations can be executed in parallel and which imply fewer parameters. In this paper we present a Gated Fully Convolutional Network architecture that is a recurrence-free alternative to the well-known CNN+LSTM architectures. Our model is trained with the CTC loss and shows competitive results on both the RIMES and IAM datasets. We release all code to enable reproduction of our experiments: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FactoDeepLearning/LinePytorchOCR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Have convolutions already made recurrence obsolete for unconstrained handwritten text recognition ?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04954.pdf)
>  Unconstrained handwritten text recognition remains an important challenge for deep neural networks. These last years, recurrent networks and more specifically Long Short-Term Memory networks have achieved state-of-the-art performance in this field. Nevertheless, they are made of a large number of trainable parameters and training recurrent neural networks does not support parallelism. This has a direct influence on the training time of such architectures, with also a direct consequence on the time required to explore various architectures. Recently, recurrence-free architectures such as Fully Convolutional Networks with gated mechanisms have been proposed as one possible alternative achieving competitive results. In this paper, we explore convolutional architectures and compare them to a CNN+BLSTM baseline. We propose an experimental study regarding different architectures on an offline handwriting recognition task using the RIMES dataset, and a modified version of it that consists of augmenting the images with notebook backgrounds that are printed grids.      
### 21.Removing Class Imbalance using Polarity-GAN: An Uncertainty Sampling Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04937.pdf)
>  Class imbalance is a challenging issue in practical classification problems for deep learning models as well as for traditional models. Traditionally successful countermeasures such as synthetic over-sampling have had limited success with complex, structured data handled by deep learning models. In this work, we propose to use a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) equipped with a generator network G, a discriminator network D and a classifier network C to remove the class-imbalance in visual data sets. The generator network is initialized with auto-encoder to make it stable. The discriminator D ensures that G adheres to class distribution of imbalanced class. In conventional methods, where Generator G competes with discriminator D in a min-max game, we propose to further add an additional classifier network to the original network. Now, the generator network tries to compete in a min-max game with Discriminator as well as the new classifier that we have introduced. An additional condition is enforced on generator network G to produce points in the convex hull of desired imbalanced class. Further the contention of adversarial game with classifier C, pushes conditional distribution learned by G towards the periphery of the respective class, compensating the problem of class imbalance. Experimental evidence shows that this initialization results in stable training of the network. We achieve state of the art performance on extreme visual classification task on the FashionMNIST, MNIST, SVHN, ExDark, MVTec Anomaly Detection dataset, Chest X-Ray dataset and others.      
### 22.AMVNet: Assertion-based Multi-View Fusion Network for LiDAR Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04934.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an Assertion-based Multi-View Fusion network (AMVNet) for LiDAR semantic segmentation which aggregates the semantic features of individual projection-based networks using late fusion. Given class scores from different projection-based networks, we perform assertion-guided point sampling on score disagreements and pass a set of point-level features for each sampled point to a simple point head which refines the predictions. This modular-and-hierarchical late fusion approach provides the flexibility of having two independent networks with a minor overhead from a light-weight network. Such approaches are desirable for robotic systems, e.g. autonomous vehicles, for which the computational and memory resources are often limited. Extensive experiments show that AMVNet achieves state-of-the-art results in both the SemanticKITTI and nuScenes benchmark datasets and that our approach outperforms the baseline method of combining the class scores of the projection-based networks.      
### 23.Lipschitz Regularized CycleGAN for Improving Semantic Robustness in Unpaired Image-to-image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04932.pdf)
>  For unpaired image-to-image translation tasks, GAN-based approaches are susceptible to semantic flipping, i.e., contents are not preserved consistently. We argue that this is due to (1) the difference in semantic statistics between source and target domains and (2) the learned generators being non-robust. In this paper, we proposed a novel approach, Lipschitz regularized CycleGAN, for improving semantic robustness and thus alleviating the semantic flipping issue. During training, we add a gradient penalty loss to the generators, which encourages semantically consistent transformations. We evaluate our approach on multiple common datasets and compare with several existing GAN-based methods. Both quantitative and visual results suggest the effectiveness and advantage of our approach in producing robust transformations with fewer semantic flipping.      
### 24.Robust Facial Landmark Detection by Multi-order Multi-constraint Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04927.pdf)
>  Recently, heatmap regression has been widely explored in facial landmark detection and obtained remarkable performance. However, most of the existing heatmap regression-based facial landmark detection methods neglect to explore the high-order feature correlations, which is very important to learn more representative features and enhance shape constraints. Moreover, no explicit global shape constraints have been added to the final predicted landmarks, which leads to a reduction in accuracy. To address these issues, in this paper, we propose a Multi-order Multi-constraint Deep Network (MMDN) for more powerful feature correlations and shape constraints learning. Specifically, an Implicit Multi-order Correlating Geometry-aware (IMCG) model is proposed to introduce the multi-order spatial correlations and multi-order channel correlations for more discriminative representations. Furthermore, an Explicit Probability-based Boundary-adaptive Regression (EPBR) method is developed to enhance the global shape constraints and further search the semantically consistent landmarks in the predicted boundary for robust facial landmark detection. It's interesting to show that the proposed MMDN can generate more accurate boundary-adaptive landmark heatmaps and effectively enhance shape constraints to the predicted landmarks for faces with large pose variations and heavy occlusions. Experimental results on challenging benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of our MMDN over state-of-the-art facial landmark detection methods.      
### 25.Towards Annotation-Free Evaluation of Cross-Lingual Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04925.pdf)
>  Cross-lingual image captioning, with its ability to caption an unlabeled image in a target language other than English, is an emerging topic in the multimedia field. In order to save the precious human resource from re-writing reference sentences per target language, in this paper we make a brave attempt towards annotation-free evaluation of cross-lingual image captioning. Depending on whether we assume the availability of English references, two scenarios are investigated. For the first scenario with the references available, we propose two metrics, i.e., WMDRel and CLinRel. WMDRel measures the semantic relevance between a model-generated caption and machine translation of an English reference using their Word Mover's Distance. By projecting both captions into a deep visual feature space, CLinRel is a visual-oriented cross-lingual relevance measure. As for the second scenario, which has zero reference and is thus more challenging, we propose CMedRel to compute a cross-media relevance between the generated caption and the image content, in the same visual feature space as used by CLinRel. The promising results show high potential of the new metrics for evaluation with no need of references in the target language.      
### 26.Kernel Anomalous Change Detection for Remote Sensing Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04920.pdf)
>  Anomalous change detection (ACD) is an important problem in remote sensing image processing. Detecting not only pervasive but also anomalous or extreme changes has many applications for which methodologies are available. This paper introduces a nonlinear extension of a full family of anomalous change detectors. In particular, we focus on algorithms that utilize Gaussian and elliptically contoured (EC) distribution and extend them to their nonlinear counterparts based on the theory of reproducing kernels' Hilbert space. We illustrate the performance of the kernel methods introduced in both pervasive and ACD problems with real and simulated changes in multispectral and hyperspectral imagery with different resolutions (AVIRIS, Sentinel-2, WorldView-2, and Quickbird). A wide range of situations is studied in real examples, including droughts, wildfires, and urbanization. Excellent performance in terms of detection accuracy compared to linear formulations is achieved, resulting in improved detection accuracy and reduced false-alarm rates. Results also reveal that the EC assumption may be still valid in Hilbert spaces. We provide an implementation of the algorithms as well as a database of natural anomalous changes in real scenarios <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://isp.uv.es/kacd.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 27.Progressive Network Grafting for Few-Shot Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04915.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation has demonstrated encouraging performances in deep model compression. Most existing approaches, however, require massive labeled data to accomplish the knowledge transfer, making the model compression a cumbersome and costly process. In this paper, we investigate the practical few-shot knowledge distillation scenario, where we assume only a few samples without human annotations are available for each category. To this end, we introduce a principled dual-stage distillation scheme tailored for few-shot data. In the first step, we graft the student blocks one by one onto the teacher, and learn the parameters of the grafted block intertwined with those of the other teacher blocks. In the second step, the trained student blocks are progressively connected and then together grafted onto the teacher network, allowing the learned student blocks to adapt themselves to each other and eventually replace the teacher network. Experiments demonstrate that our approach, with only a few unlabeled samples, achieves gratifying results on CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and ILSVRC-2012. On CIFAR10 and CIFAR100, our performances are even on par with those of knowledge distillation schemes that utilize the full datasets. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zju-vipa/NetGraft" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Generative Data Augmentation for Vehicle Detection in Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04902.pdf)
>  Scarcity of training data is one of the prominent problems for deep networks which require large amounts data. Data augmentation is a widely used method to increase the number of training samples and their variations. In this paper, we focus on improving vehicle detection performance in aerial images and propose a generative augmentation method which does not need any extra supervision than the bounding box annotations of the vehicle objects in the training dataset. The proposed method increases the performance of vehicle detection by allowing detectors to be trained with higher number of instances, especially when there are limited number of training instances. The proposed method is generic in the sense that it can be integrated with different generators. The experiments show that the method increases the Average Precision by up to 25.2% and 25.7% when integrated with Pluralistic and DeepFill respectively.      
### 29.DS-Net: Dynamic Spatiotemporal Network for Video Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04886.pdf)
>  As moving objects always draw more attention of human eyes, the temporal motive information is always exploited complementarily with spatial information to detect salient objects in videos. Although efficient tools such as optical flow have been proposed to extract temporal motive information, it often encounters difficulties when used for saliency detection due to the movement of camera or the partial movement of salient objects. In this paper, we investigate the complimentary roles of spatial and temporal information and propose a novel dynamic spatiotemporal network (DS-Net) for more effective fusion of spatiotemporal information. We construct a symmetric two-bypass network to explicitly extract spatial and temporal features. A dynamic weight generator (DWG) is designed to automatically learn the reliability of corresponding saliency branch. And a top-down cross attentive aggregation (CAA) procedure is designed so as to facilitate dynamic complementary aggregation of spatiotemporal features. Finally, the features are modified by spatial attention with the guidance of coarse saliency map and then go through decoder part for final saliency map. Experimental results on five benchmarks VOS, DAVIS, FBMS, SegTrack-v2, and ViSal demonstrate that the proposed method achieves superior performance than state-of-the-art algorithms. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TJUMMG/DS-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.JANUS: Benchmarking Commercial and Open-Source Cloud and Edge Platforms for Object and Anomaly Detection Workloads  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04880.pdf)
>  With diverse IoT workloads, placing compute and analytics close to where data is collected is becoming increasingly important. We seek to understand what is the performance and the cost implication of running analytics on IoT data at the various available platforms. These workloads can be compute-light, such as outlier detection on sensor data, or compute-intensive, such as object detection from video feeds obtained from drones. In our paper, JANUS, we profile the performance/$ and the compute versus communication cost for a compute-light IoT workload and a compute-intensive IoT workload. In addition, we also look at the pros and cons of some of the proprietary deep-learning object detection packages, such as Amazon Rekognition, Google Vision, and Azure Cognitive Services, to contrast with open-source and tunable solutions, such as Faster R-CNN (FRCNN). We find that AWS IoT Greengrass delivers at least 2X lower latency and 1.25X lower cost compared to all other cloud platforms for the compute-light outlier detection workload. For the compute-intensive streaming video analytics task, an opensource solution to object detection running on cloud VMs saves on dollar costs compared to proprietary solutions provided by Amazon, Microsoft, and Google, but loses out on latency (up to 6X). If it runs on a low-powered edge device, the latency is up to 49X lower.      
### 31.Deep Lesion Tracker: Monitoring Lesions in 4D Longitudinal Imaging Studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04872.pdf)
>  Monitoring treatment response in longitudinal studies plays an important role in clinical practice. Accurately identifying lesions across serial imaging follow-up is the core to the monitoring procedure. Typically this incorporates both image and anatomical considerations. However, matching lesions manually is labor-intensive and time-consuming. In this work, we present deep lesion tracker (DLT), a deep learning approach that uses both appearance- and anatomical-based signals. To incorporate anatomical constraints, we propose an anatomical signal encoder, which prevents lesions being matched with visually similar but spurious regions. In addition, we present a new formulation for Siamese networks that avoids the heavy computational loads of 3D cross-correlation. To present our network with greater varieties of images, we also propose a self-supervised learning (SSL) strategy to train trackers with unpaired images, overcoming barriers to data collection. To train and evaluate our tracker, we introduce and release the first lesion tracking benchmark, consisting of 3891 lesion pairs from the public DeepLesion database. The proposed method, DLT, locates lesion centers with a mean error distance of 7 mm. This is 5% better than a leading registration algorithm while running 14 times faster on whole CT volumes. We demonstrate even greater improvements over detector or similarity-learning alternatives. DLT also generalizes well on an external clinical test set of 100 longitudinal studies, achieving 88% accuracy. Finally, we plug DLT into an automatic tumor monitoring workflow where it leads to an accuracy of 85% in assessing lesion treatment responses, which is only 0.46% lower than the accuracy of manual inputs.      
### 32.SnapMix: Semantically Proportional Mixing for Augmenting Fine-grained Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04846.pdf)
>  Data mixing augmentation has proved effective in training deep models. Recent methods mix labels mainly based on the mixture proportion of image pixels. As the main discriminative information of a fine-grained image usually resides in subtle regions, methods along this line are prone to heavy label noise in fine-grained recognition. We propose in this paper a novel scheme, termed as Semantically Proportional Mixing (SnapMix), which exploits class activation map (CAM) to lessen the label noise in augmenting fine-grained data. SnapMix generates the target label for a mixed image by estimating its intrinsic semantic composition, and allows for asymmetric mixing operations and ensures semantic correspondence between synthetic images and target labels. Experiments show that our method consistently outperforms existing mixed-based approaches on various datasets and under different network depths. Furthermore, by incorporating the mid-level features, the proposed SnapMix achieves top-level performance, demonstrating its potential to serve as a solid baseline for fine-grained recognition. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Shaoli-Huang/SnapMix.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Improving the Fairness of Deep Generative Models without Retraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04842.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have recently advanced face synthesis by learning the underlying distribution of observed data. However, it will lead to a biased image generation due to the imbalanced training data or the mode collapse issue. Prior work typically addresses the fairness of data generation by balancing the training data that correspond to the concerned attributes. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective method to improve the fairness of image generation for a pre-trained GAN model without retraining. We utilize the recent work of GAN interpretation to identify the directions in the latent space corresponding to the target attributes, and then manipulate a set of latent codes with balanced attribute distributions over output images. We learn a Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) to fit a distribution of the latent code set, which supports the sampling of latent codes for producing images with a more fair attribute distribution. Experiments show that our method can substantially improve the fairness of image generation, outperforming potential baselines both quantitatively and qualitatively. The images generated from our method are further applied to reveal and quantify the biases in commercial face classifiers and face super-resolution model.      
### 34.One-Vote Veto: A Self-Training Strategy for Low-Shot Learning of a Task-Invariant Embedding to Diagnose Glaucoma  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04841.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are a promising technique for automated glaucoma diagnosis from images of the fundus, and these images are routinely acquired as part of an ophthalmic exam. Nevertheless, CNNs typically require a large amount of well-labeled data for training, which may not be available in many biomedical image classification applications, especially when diseases are rare and where labeling by experts is costly. <br>This paper makes two contributions to address this issue: (1) It introduces a new network architecture and training method for low-shot learning when labeled data are limited and imbalanced, and (2) it introduces a new semi-supervised learning strategy that uses additional unlabeled training data to achieve great accuracy. Our multi-task twin neural network (MTTNN) can use any backbone CNN, and we demonstrate with ResNet-50 and MobileNet-v2 that its accuracy with limited training data approaches the accuracy of a finetuned backbone trained with a dataset that is 50 times larger. We also introduce One-Vote Veto (OVV) self-training, a semi-supervised learning strategy, that is designed specifically for MTTNNs. By taking both self-predictions and contrastive-predictions of the unlabeled training data into account, OVV self-training provides additional pseudo labels for finetuning a pretrained MTTNN. Using a large dataset with more than 50,000 fundus images acquired over 25 years, extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of low-shot learning with MTTNN and semi-supervised learning with OVV. Three additional, smaller clinical datasets of fundus images acquired under different conditions (cameras, instruments, locations, populations), are used to demonstrate generalizability of the methods. Source code and pretrained models will be publicly available upon publication.      
### 35.Deep Unsupervised Image Anomaly Detection: An Information Theoretic Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04837.pdf)
>  Surrogate task based methods have recently shown great promise for unsupervised image anomaly detection. However, there is no guarantee that the surrogate tasks share the consistent optimization direction with anomaly detection. In this paper, we return to a direct objective function for anomaly detection with information theory, which maximizes the distance between normal and anomalous data in terms of the joint distribution of images and their representation. Unfortunately, this objective function is not directly optimizable under the unsupervised setting where no anomalous data is provided during training. Through mathematical analysis of the above objective function, we manage to decompose it into four components. In order to optimize in an unsupervised fashion, we show that, under the assumption that distribution of the normal and anomalous data are separable in the latent space, its lower bound can be considered as a function which weights the trade-off between mutual information and entropy. This objective function is able to explain why the surrogate task based methods are effective for anomaly detection and further point out the potential direction of improvement. Based on this object function we introduce a novel information theoretic framework for unsupervised image anomaly detection. Extensive experiments have demonstrated that the proposed framework significantly outperforms several state-of-the-arts on multiple benchmark data sets.      
### 36.A Topological Filter for Learning with Label Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04835.pdf)
>  Noisy labels can impair the performance of deep neural networks. To tackle this problem, in this paper, we propose a new method for filtering label noise. Unlike most existing methods relying on the posterior probability of a noisy classifier, we focus on the much richer spatial behavior of data in the latent representational space. By leveraging the high-order topological information of data, we are able to collect most of the clean data and train a high-quality model. Theoretically we prove that this topological approach is guaranteed to collect the clean data with high probability. Empirical results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-arts and is robust to a broad spectrum of noise types and levels.      
### 37.Semi-supervised Active Learning for Instance Segmentation via Scoring Predictions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04829.pdf)
>  Active learning generally involves querying the most representative samples for human labeling, which has been widely studied in many fields such as image classification and object detection. However, its potential has not been explored in the more complex instance segmentation task that usually has relatively higher annotation cost. In this paper, we propose a novel and principled semi-supervised active learning framework for instance segmentation. Specifically, we present an uncertainty sampling strategy named Triplet Scoring Predictions (TSP) to explicitly incorporate samples ranking clues from classes, bounding boxes and masks. Moreover, we devise a progressive pseudo labeling regime using the above TSP in semi-supervised manner, it can leverage both the labeled and unlabeled data to minimize labeling effort while maximize performance of instance segmentation. Results on medical images datasets demonstrate that the proposed method results in the embodiment of knowledge from available data in a meaningful way. The extensive quantitatively and qualitatively experiments show that, our method can yield the best-performing model with notable less annotation costs, compared with state-of-the-arts.      
### 38.Two-phase Pseudo Label Densification for Self-training based Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04828.pdf)
>  Recently, deep self-training approaches emerged as a powerful solution to the unsupervised domain adaptation. The self-training scheme involves iterative processing of target data; it generates target pseudo labels and retrains the network. However, since only the confident predictions are taken as pseudo labels, existing self-training approaches inevitably produce sparse pseudo labels in practice. We see this is critical because the resulting insufficient training-signals lead to a suboptimal, error-prone model. In order to tackle this problem, we propose a novel Two-phase Pseudo Label Densification framework, referred to as TPLD. In the first phase, we use sliding window voting to propagate the confident predictions, utilizing intrinsic spatial-correlations in the images. In the second phase, we perform a confidence-based easy-hard classification. For the easy samples, we now employ their full pseudo labels. For the hard ones, we instead adopt adversarial learning to enforce hard-to-easy feature alignment. To ease the training process and avoid noisy predictions, we introduce the bootstrapping mechanism to the original self-training loss. We show the proposed TPLD can be easily integrated into existing self-training based approaches and improves the performance significantly. Combined with the recently proposed CRST self-training framework, we achieve new state-of-the-art results on two standard UDA benchmarks.      
### 39.Deep Learning based Multi-Modal Sensing for Tracking and State Extraction of Small Quadcopters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04794.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a multi-sensor based approach to detect, track, and localize a quadcopter unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). Specifically, a pipeline is developed to process monocular RGB and thermal video (captured from a fixed platform) to detect and track the UAV in our FoV. Subsequently, a 2D planar lidar is used to allow conversion of pixel data to actual distance measurements, and thereby enable localization of the UAV in global coordinates. The monocular data is processed through a deep learning-based object detection method that computes an initial bounding box for the UAV. The thermal data is processed through a thresholding and Kalman filter approach to detect and track the bounding box. Training and testing data are prepared by combining a set of original experiments conducted in a motion capture environment and publicly available UAV image data. The new pipeline compares favorably to existing methods and demonstrates promising tracking and localization capacity of sample experiments.      
### 40.You Only Need Adversarial Supervision for Semantic Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04781.pdf)
>  Despite their recent successes, GAN models for semantic image synthesis still suffer from poor image quality when trained with only adversarial supervision. Historically, additionally employing the VGG-based perceptual loss has helped to overcome this issue, significantly improving the synthesis quality, but at the same time limiting the progress of GAN models for semantic image synthesis. In this work, we propose a novel, simplified GAN model, which needs only adversarial supervision to achieve high quality results. We re-design the discriminator as a semantic segmentation network, directly using the given semantic label maps as the ground truth for training. By providing stronger supervision to the discriminator as well as to the generator through spatially- and semantically-aware discriminator feedback, we are able to synthesize images of higher fidelity with better alignment to their input label maps, making the use of the perceptual loss superfluous. Moreover, we enable high-quality multi-modal image synthesis through global and local sampling of a 3D noise tensor injected into the generator, which allows complete or partial image change. We show that images synthesized by our model are more diverse and follow the color and texture distributions of real images more closely. We achieve an average improvement of $6$ FID and $5$ mIoU points over the state of the art across different datasets using only adversarial supervision.      
### 41.Mitigating the Impact of Adversarial Attacks in Very Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04750.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Network (DNN) models have vulnerabilities related to security concerns, with attackers usually employing complex hacking techniques to expose their structures. Data poisoning-enabled perturbation attacks are complex adversarial ones that inject false data into models. They negatively impact the learning process, with no benefit to deeper networks, as they degrade a model's accuracy and convergence rates. In this paper, we propose an attack-agnostic-based defense method for mitigating their influence. In it, a Defensive Feature Layer (DFL) is integrated with a well-known DNN architecture which assists in neutralizing the effects of illegitimate perturbation samples in the feature space. To boost the robustness and trustworthiness of this method for correctly classifying attacked input samples, we regularize the hidden space of a trained model with a discriminative loss function called Polarized Contrastive Loss (PCL). It improves discrimination among samples in different classes and maintains the resemblance of those in the same class. Also, we integrate a DFL and PCL in a compact model for defending against data poisoning attacks. This method is trained and tested using the CIFAR-10 and MNIST datasets with data poisoning-enabled perturbation attacks, with the experimental results revealing its excellent performance compared with those of recent peer techniques.      
### 42.Robust Neural Routing Through Space Partitions for Camera Relocalization in Dynamic Indoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04746.pdf)
>  Localizing the camera in a known indoor environment is a key building block for scene mapping, robot navigation, AR, etc. Recent advances estimate the camera pose via optimization over the 2D/3D-3D correspondences established between the coordinates in 2D/3D camera space and 3D world space. Such a mapping is estimated with either a convolution neural network or a decision tree using only the static input image sequence, which makes these approaches vulnerable to dynamic indoor environments that are quite common yet challenging in the real world. To address the aforementioned issues, in this paper, we propose a novel outlier-aware neural tree which bridges the two worlds, deep learning and decision tree approaches. It builds on three important blocks; (a) a hierarchical space partition over the indoor scene to construct the decision tree; (b) a neural routing function, implemented as a deep classification network, employed for better 3D scene understanding; and (c) an outlier rejection module used to filter out dynamic points during the hierarchical routing process. Our proposed algorithm is evaluated on the RIO-10 benchmark developed for camera relocalization in dynamic indoor environment. It achieves robust neural routing through space partitions and outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches by around 30\% on camera pose accuracy, while running comparably fast for evaluation.      
### 43.CARAFE++: Unified Content-Aware ReAssembly of FEatures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04733.pdf)
>  Feature reassembly, i.e. feature downsampling and upsampling, is a key operation in a number of modern convolutional network architectures, e.g., residual networks and feature pyramids. Its design is critical for dense prediction tasks such as object detection and semantic/instance segmentation. In this work, we propose unified Content-Aware ReAssembly of FEatures (CARAFE++), a universal, lightweight and highly effective operator to fulfill this goal. CARAFE++ has several appealing properties: (1) Unlike conventional methods such as pooling and interpolation that only exploit sub-pixel neighborhood, CARAFE++ aggregates contextual information within a large receptive field. (2) Instead of using a fixed kernel for all samples (e.g. convolution and deconvolution), CARAFE++ generates adaptive kernels on-the-fly to enable instance-specific content-aware handling. (3) CARAFE++ introduces little computational overhead and can be readily integrated into modern network architectures. We conduct comprehensive evaluations on standard benchmarks in object detection, instance/semantic segmentation and image inpainting. CARAFE++ shows consistent and substantial gains across all the tasks (2.5% APbox, 2.1% APmask, 1.94% mIoU, 1.35 dB respectively) with negligible computational overhead. It shows great potential to serve as a strong building block for modern deep networks.      
### 44.Long Term Motion Prediction Using Keyposes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04731.pdf)
>  Long term human motion prediction is an essential component in safety-critical applications, such as human-robot interaction and autonomous driving. We argue that, to achieve long term forecasting, predicting human pose at every time instant is unnecessary because human motion follows patterns that are well-represented by a few essential poses in the sequence. We call such poses "keyposes", and approximate complex motions by linearly interpolating between subsequent keyposes. We show that learning the sequence of such keyposes allows us to predict very long term motion, up to 5 seconds in the future. In particular, our predictions are much more realistic and better preserve the motion dynamics than those obtained by the state-of-the-art methods. Furthermore, our approach models the future keyposes probabilistically, which, during inference, lets us generate diverse future motions via sampling.      
### 45.Canonical Capsules: Unsupervised Capsules in Canonical Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04718.pdf)
>  We propose an unsupervised capsule architecture for 3D point clouds. We compute capsule decompositions of objects through permutation-equivariant attention, and self-supervise the process by training with pairs of randomly rotated objects. Our key idea is to aggregate the attention masks into semantic keypoints, and use these to supervise a decomposition that satisfies the capsule invariance/equivariance properties. This not only enables the training of a semantically consistent decomposition, but also allows us to learn a canonicalization operation that enables object-centric reasoning. In doing so, we require neither classification labels nor manually-aligned training datasets to train. Yet, by learning an object-centric representation in an unsupervised manner, our method outperforms the state-of-the-art on 3D point cloud reconstruction, registration, and unsupervised classification. We will release the code and dataset to reproduce our results as soon as the paper is published.      
### 46.ODFNet: Using orientation distribution functions to characterize 3D point clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04708.pdf)
>  Learning new representations of 3D point clouds is an active research area in 3D vision, as the order-invariant point cloud structure still presents challenges to the design of neural network architectures. Recent works explored learning either global or local features or both for point clouds, however none of the earlier methods focused on capturing contextual shape information by analysing local orientation distribution of points. In this paper, we leverage on point orientation distributions around a point in order to obtain an expressive local neighborhood representation for point clouds. We achieve this by dividing the spherical neighborhood of a given point into predefined cone volumes, and statistics inside each volume are used as point features. In this way, a local patch can be represented by not only the selected point's nearest neighbors, but also considering a point density distribution defined along multiple orientations around the point. We are then able to construct an orientation distribution function (ODF) neural network that involves an ODFBlock which relies on mlp (multi-layer perceptron) layers. The new ODFNet model achieves state-of the-art accuracy for object classification on ModelNet40 and ScanObjectNN datasets, and segmentation on ShapeNet S3DIS datasets.      
### 47.Locally optimal detection of stochastic targeted universal adversarial perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04692.pdf)
>  Deep learning image classifiers are known to be vulnerable to small adversarial perturbations of input images. In this paper, we derive the locally optimal generalized likelihood ratio test (LO-GLRT) based detector for detecting stochastic targeted universal adversarial perturbations (UAPs) of the classifier inputs. We also describe a supervised training method to learn the detector's parameters, and demonstrate better performance of the detector compared to other detection methods on several popular image classification datasets.      
### 48.A Dataset and Application for Facial Recognition of Individual Gorillas in Zoo Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04689.pdf)
>  We put forward a video dataset with 5k+ facial bounding box annotations across a troop of 7 western lowland gorillas at Bristol Zoo Gardens. Training on this dataset, we implement and evaluate a standard deep learning pipeline on the task of facially recognising individual gorillas in a zoo environment. We show that a basic YOLOv3-powered application is able to perform identifications at 92% mAP when utilising single frames only. Tracking-by-detection-association and identity voting across short tracklets yields an improved robust performance of 97% mAP. To facilitate easy utilisation for enriching the research capabilities of zoo environments, we publish the code, video dataset, weights, and ground-truth annotations at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://data.bris.ac.uk" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 49.Tactile Object Pose Estimation from the First Touch with Geometric Contact Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05205.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an approach to tactile pose estimation from the first touch for known objects. First, we create an object-agnostic map from real tactile observations to contact shapes. Next, for a new object with known geometry, we learn a tailored perception model completely in simulation. To do so, we simulate the contact shapes that a dense set of object poses would produce on the sensor. Then, given a new contact shape obtained from the sensor output, we match it against the pre-computed set using the object-specific embedding learned purely in simulation using contrastive learning. <br>This results in a perception model that can localize objects from a single tactile observation. It also allows reasoning over pose distributions and including additional pose constraints coming from other perception systems or multiple contacts. We provide quantitative results for four objects. Our approach provides high accuracy pose estimations from distinctive tactile observations while regressing pose distributions to account for those contact shapes that could result from different object poses. We further extend and test our approach in multi-contact scenarios where several tactile sensors are simultaneously in contact with the object. Website: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://mcube.mit.edu/research/tactile_loc_first_touch.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 50.Convex Regularization Behind Neural Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05169.pdf)
>  Neural networks have shown tremendous potential for reconstructing high-resolution images in inverse problems. The non-convex and opaque nature of neural networks, however, hinders their utility in sensitive applications such as medical imaging. To cope with this challenge, this paper advocates a convex duality framework that makes a two-layer fully-convolutional ReLU denoising network amenable to convex optimization. The convex dual network not only offers the optimum training with convex solvers, but also facilitates interpreting training and prediction. In particular, it implies training neural networks with weight decay regularization induces path sparsity while the prediction is piecewise linear filtering. A range of experiments with MNIST and fastMRI datasets confirm the efficacy of the dual network optimization problem.      
### 51.Towards Zero-shot Cross-lingual Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05107.pdf)
>  There has been a recent spike in interest in multi-modal Language and Vision problems. On the language side, most of these models primarily focus on English since most multi-modal datasets are monolingual. We try to bridge this gap with a zero-shot approach for learning multi-modal representations using cross-lingual pre-training on the text side. We present a simple yet practical approach for building a cross-lingual image retrieval model which trains on a monolingual training dataset but can be used in a zero-shot cross-lingual fashion during inference. We also introduce a new objective function which tightens the text embedding clusters by pushing dissimilar texts from each other. Finally, we introduce a new 1K multi-lingual MSCOCO2014 caption test dataset (XTD10) in 7 languages that we collected using a crowdsourcing platform. We use this as the test set for evaluating zero-shot model performance across languages. XTD10 dataset is made publicly available here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/adobe-research/Cross-lingual-Test-Dataset-XTD10" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 52.COVID-19 Detection in Chest X-Ray Images using a New Channel Boosted CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05073.pdf)
>  COVID-19 is a highly contagious respiratory infection that has affected a large population across the world and continues with its devastating consequences. It is imperative to detect COVID-19 at the earliest to limit the span of infection. In this work, a new classification technique CB-STM-RENet based on deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Channel Boosting is developed for the detection of COVID-19 from chest X-Rays. In this connection, to learn the COVID-19 specific radiographic patterns, a new convolution block based on split-transform-merge (STM) is developed. This new block systematically incorporates region and edge base operations at each branch to capture the diverse set of features at various levels, especially those related to region homogeneity, textural variations, and boundaries of the infected region. We further enhanced the learning and discrimination capability of the proposed CNN architecture by exploiting the Channel Boosting idea that concatenates the auxiliary channels along with the original channels. The auxiliary channels are generated by employing Transfer Learning-based domain adaption of the pre-trained CNN architectures. The effectiveness of the proposed technique CB-STM-RENet is evaluated on three different datasets containing CoV-Healthy-6k, CoV-NonCoV-10k, and CoV-NonCoV-15k Chest X-Ray images, respectively. The performance comparison of the proposed deep CB-STM-RENet with the existing techniques exhibits high classification performance both in discriminating COVID-19 chest infections from healthy, as well as, other types of chest infections. CB-STM-RENet provides the highest performance on all these three datasets; especially on the stringent CoV-NonCoV-15k dataset. The good detection rate (97%), and high precision (93%) of the proposed technique suggest that it can be adapted for the diagnosis of COVID-19 infected patients.      
### 53.Driving Behavior Explanation with Multi-level Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04983.pdf)
>  In this era of active development of autonomous vehicles, it becomes crucial to provide driving systems with the capacity to explain their decisions. In this work, we focus on generating high-level driving explanations as the vehicle drives. We present BEEF, for BEhavior Explanation with Fusion, a deep architecture which explains the behavior of a trajectory prediction model. Supervised by annotations of human driving decisions justifications, BEEF learns to fuse features from multiple levels. Leveraging recent advances in the multi-modal fusion literature, BEEF is carefully designed to model the correlations between high-level decisions features and mid-level perceptual features. The flexibility and efficiency of our approach are validated with extensive experiments on the HDD and BDD-X datasets.      
### 54.Automated Scoring of Nuclear Pleomorphism Spectrum with Pathologist-level Performance in Breast Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04974.pdf)
>  Nuclear pleomorphism is the degree of change in nuclear morphology, one of the components of the three-tiered breast cancer grading, along with tubular differentiation and mitotic counting. We consider the degree of nuclear pleomorphism as a continuum; a continuous spectrum of change in tumor morphology. We train a deep learning network on a large variety of tumor regions from the collective knowledge of several pathologists without constraining the network to the traditional three-category classification. We also motivate an additional approach in which we discuss the additional benefit of normal epithelium as baseline, following the routine clinical practice where pathologists are trained to score nuclear pleomorphism in tumor, having the normal breast epithelium as baseline. In multiple experiments, our fully-automated approach could achieve top pathologist-level performance in select regions of interest as well as at whole slide images, compared to ten and four pathologists, respectively.      
### 55.Conjugate Mixture Models for Clustering Multimodal Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04951.pdf)
>  The problem of multimodal clustering arises whenever the data are gathered with several physically different sensors. Observations from different modalities are not necessarily aligned in the sense there there is no obvious way to associate or to compare them in some common space. A solution may consist in considering multiple clustering tasks independently for each modality. The main difficulty with such an approach is to guarantee that the unimodal clusterings are mutually consistent. In this paper we show that multimodal clustering can be addressed within a novel framework, namely conjugate mixture models. These models exploit the explicit transformations that are often available between an unobserved parameter space (objects) and each one of the observation spaces (sensors). We formulate the problem as a likelihood maximization task and we derive the associated conjugate expectation-maximization algorithm. The convergence properties of the proposed algorithm are thoroughly investigated. Several local/global optimization techniques are proposed in order to increase its convergence speed. Two initialization strategies are proposed and compared. A consistent model-selection criterion is proposed. The algorithm and its variants are tested and evaluated within the task of 3D localization of several speakers using both auditory and visual data.      
### 56.Improving Gradient Flow with Unrolled Highway Expectation Maximization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04926.pdf)
>  Integrating model-based machine learning methods into deep neural architectures allows one to leverage both the expressive power of deep neural nets and the ability of model-based methods to incorporate domain-specific knowledge. In particular, many works have employed the expectation maximization (EM) algorithm in the form of an unrolled layer-wise structure that is jointly trained with a backbone neural network. However, it is difficult to discriminatively train the backbone network by backpropagating through the EM iterations as they are prone to the vanishing gradient problem. To address this issue, we propose Highway Expectation Maximization Networks (HEMNet), which is comprised of unrolled iterations of the generalized EM (GEM) algorithm based on the Newton-Rahpson method. HEMNet features scaled skip connections, or highways, along the depths of the unrolled architecture, resulting in improved gradient flow during backpropagation while incurring negligible additional computation and memory costs compared to standard unrolled EM. Furthermore, HEMNet preserves the underlying EM procedure, thereby fully retaining the convergence properties of the original EM algorithm. We achieve significant improvement in performance on several semantic segmentation benchmarks and empirically show that HEMNet effectively alleviates gradient decay.      
### 57.ESAD: End-to-end Deep Semi-supervised Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04905.pdf)
>  This paper explores semi-supervised anomaly detection, a more practical setting for anomaly detection where a small set of labeled outlier samples are provided in addition to a large amount of unlabeled data for training. Rethinking the optimization target of anomaly detection, we propose a new objective function that measures the KL-divergence between normal and anomalous data, and prove that two factors: the mutual information between the data and latent representations, and the entropy of latent representations, constitute an integral objective function for anomaly detection. To resolve the contradiction in simultaneously optimizing the two factors, we propose a novel encoder-decoder-encoder structure, with the first encoder focusing on optimizing the mutual information and the second encoder focusing on optimizing the entropy. The two encoders are enforced to share similar encoding with a consistent constraint on their latent representations. Extensive experiments have revealed that the proposed method significantly outperforms several state-of-the-arts on multiple benchmark datasets, including medical diagnosis and several classic anomaly detection benchmarks.      
### 58.AIDE: Annotation-efficient deep learning for automatic medical image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04885.pdf)
>  Accurate image segmentation is crucial for medical imaging applications, including disease diagnosis and treatment planning$^{1-4}$. The prevailing deep learning approaches typically rely on very large training datasets with high-quality manual annotations$^{5,6}$, which are often not available in medical imaging. We introduce Annotation-effIcient Deep lEarning (AIDE) to progressively correct low-quality annotations by better exploring the image contents. AIDE improves the segmentation Dice scores of conventional deep learning models on open datasets possessing scarce or noisy annotations by up to 30%. For three clinical datasets containing 11,852 breast images of 872 patients from three medical centers, AIDE consistently produces segmentation maps comparable to those generated by the fully supervised counterparts as well as the manual annotations of independent radiologists by utilizing only 10% training annotations. Such a 10-fold improvement of efficiency in utilizing experts' labels has the potential to promote a wide range of biomedical applications.      
### 59.Discovering Clinically Meaningful Shape Features for the Analysis of Tumor Pathology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04878.pdf)
>  With the advanced imaging technology, digital pathology imaging of tumor tissue slides is becoming a routine clinical procedure for cancer diagnosis. This process produces massive imaging data that capture histological details in high resolution. Recent developments in deep-learning methods have enabled us to automatically detect and characterize the tumor regions in pathology images at large scale. From each identified tumor region, we extracted 30 well-defined descriptors that quantify its shape, geometry, and topology. We demonstrated how those descriptor features were associated with patient survival outcome in lung adenocarcinoma patients from the National Lung Screening Trial (n=143). Besides, a descriptor-based prognostic model was developed and validated in an independent patient cohort from The Cancer Genome Atlas Program program (n=318). This study proposes new insights into the relationship between tumor shape, geometrical, and topological features and patient prognosis. We provide software in the form of R code on GitHub: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/estfernandez/Slide_Image_Segmentation_and_Extraction" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 60.Skillearn: Machine Learning Inspired by Humans' Learning Skills  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04863.pdf)
>  Humans, as the most powerful learners on the planet, have accumulated a lot of learning skills, such as learning through tests, interleaving learning, self-explanation, active recalling, to name a few. These learning skills and methodologies enable humans to learn new topics more effectively and efficiently. We are interested in investigating whether humans' learning skills can be borrowed to help machines to learn better. Specifically, we aim to formalize these skills and leverage them to train better machine learning (ML) models. To achieve this goal, we develop a general framework -- Skillearn, which provides a principled way to represent humans' learning skills mathematically and use the formally-represented skills to improve the training of ML models. In two case studies, we apply Skillearn to formalize two learning skills of humans: learning by passing tests and interleaving learning, and use the formalized skills to improve neural architecture search. Experiments on various datasets show that trained using the skills formalized by Skillearn, ML models achieve significantly better performance.      
### 61.Machine Learning for Cataract Classification and Grading on Ophthalmic Imaging Modalities: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04830.pdf)
>  Cataract is one of the leading causes of reversible visual impairment and blindness globally. Over the years, researchers have achieved significant progress in developing state-of-the-art artificial intelligence techniques for automatic cataract classification and grading, helping clinicians prevent and treat cataract in time. This paper provides a comprehensive survey of recent advances in machine learning for cataract classification and grading based on ophthalmic images. We summarize existing literature from two research directions: conventional machine learning techniques and deep learning techniques. This paper also provides insights into existing works of both merits and limitations. In addition, we discuss several challenges of automatic cataract classification and grading based on machine learning techniques and present possible solutions to these challenges for future research.      
### 62.Conditional Generation of Medical Images via Disentangled Adversarial Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04764.pdf)
>  Synthetic medical image generation has a huge potential for improving healthcare through many applications, from data augmentation for training machine learning systems to preserving patient privacy. Conditional Adversarial Generative Networks (cGANs) use a conditioning factor to generate images and have shown great success in recent years. Intuitively, the information in an image can be divided into two parts: 1) content which is presented through the conditioning vector and 2) style which is the undiscovered information missing from the conditioning vector. Current practices in using cGANs for medical image generation, only use a single variable for image generation (i.e., content) and therefore, do not provide much flexibility nor control over the generated image. In this work we propose a methodology to learn from the image itself, disentangled representations of style and content, and use this information to impose control over the generation process. In this framework, style is learned in a fully unsupervised manner, while content is learned through both supervised learning (using the conditioning vector) and unsupervised learning (with the inference mechanism). We undergo two novel regularization steps to ensure content-style disentanglement. First, we minimize the shared information between content and style by introducing a novel application of the gradient reverse layer (GRL); second, we introduce a self-supervised regularization method to further separate information in the content and style variables. We show that in general, two latent variable models achieve better performance and give more control over the generated image. We also show that our proposed model (DRAI) achieves the best disentanglement score and has the best overall performance.      
### 63.2-Step Sparse-View CT Reconstruction with a Domain-Specific Perceptual Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04743.pdf)
>  Computed tomography is widely used to examine internal structures in a non-destructive manner. To obtain high-quality reconstructions, one typically has to acquire a densely sampled trajectory to avoid angular undersampling. However, many scenarios require a sparse-view measurement leading to streak-artifacts if unaccounted for. Current methods do not make full use of the domain-specific information, and hence fail to provide reliable reconstructions for highly undersampled data. We present a novel framework for sparse-view tomography by decoupling the reconstruction into two steps: First, we overcome its ill-posedness using a super-resolution network, SIN, trained on the sparse projections. The intermediate result allows for a closed-form tomographic reconstruction with preserved details and highly reduced streak-artifacts. Second, a refinement network, PRN, trained on the reconstructions reduces any remaining artifacts. We further propose a light-weight variant of the perceptual-loss that enhances domain-specific information, boosting restoration accuracy. Our experiments demonstrate an improvement over current solutions by 4 dB.      
### 64.Edited Media Understanding: Reasoning About Implications of Manipulated Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04726.pdf)
>  Multimodal disinformation, from `deepfakes' to simple edits that deceive, is an important societal problem. Yet at the same time, the vast majority of media edits are harmless -- such as a filtered vacation photo. The difference between this example, and harmful edits that spread disinformation, is one of intent. Recognizing and describing this intent is a major challenge for today's AI systems. <br>We present the task of Edited Media Understanding, requiring models to answer open-ended questions that capture the intent and implications of an image edit. We introduce a dataset for our task, EMU, with 48k question-answer pairs written in rich natural language. We evaluate a wide variety of vision-and-language models for our task, and introduce a new model PELICAN, which builds upon recent progress in pretrained multimodal representations. Our model obtains promising results on our dataset, with humans rating its answers as accurate 40.35% of the time. At the same time, there is still much work to be done -- humans prefer human-annotated captions 93.56% of the time -- and we provide analysis that highlights areas for further progress.      
### 65.3D Graph Anatomy Geometry-Integrated Network for Pancreatic Mass Segmentation, Diagnosis, and Quantitative Patient Management  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.04701.pdf)
>  The pancreatic disease taxonomy includes ten types of masses (tumors or cysts)[20,8]. Previous work focuses on developing segmentation or classification methods only for certain mass types. Differential diagnosis of all mass types is clinically highly desirable [20] but has not been investigated using an automated image understanding approach. We exploit the feasibility to distinguish pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) from the nine other nonPDAC masses using multi-phase CT imaging. Both image appearance and the 3D organ-mass geometry relationship are critical. We propose a holistic segmentation-mesh-classification network (SMCN) to provide patient-level diagnosis, by fully utilizing the geometry and location information, which is accomplished by combining the anatomical structure and the semantic detection-by-segmentation network. SMCN learns the pancreas and mass segmentation task and builds an anatomical correspondence-aware organ mesh model by progressively deforming a pancreas prototype on the raw segmentation mask (i.e., mask-to-mesh). A new graph-based residual convolutional network (Graph-ResNet), whose nodes fuse the information of the mesh model and feature vectors extracted from the segmentation network, is developed to produce the patient-level differential classification results. Extensive experiments on 661 patients' CT scans (five phases per patient) show that SMCN can improve the mass segmentation and detection accuracy compared to the strong baseline method nnUNet (e.g., for nonPDAC, Dice: 0.611 vs. 0.478; detection rate: 89% vs. 70%), achieve similar sensitivity and specificity in differentiating PDAC and nonPDAC as expert radiologists (i.e., 94% and 90%), and obtain results comparable to a multimodality test [20] that combines clinical, imaging, and molecular testing for clinical management of patients.      
### 66.MOCA: A Modular Object-Centric Approach for Interactive Instruction Following  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.03208.pdf)
>  Performing simple household tasks based on language directives is very natural to humans, yet it remains an open challenge for an AI agent. Recently, an `interactive instruction following' task has been proposed to foster research in reasoning over long instruction sequences that requires object interactions in a simulated environment. It involves solving open problems in vision, language and navigation literature at each step. To address this multifaceted problem, we propose a modular architecture that decouples the task into visual perception and action policy, and name it as MOCA, a Modular Object-Centric Approach. We evaluate our method on the ALFRED benchmark and empirically validate that it outperforms prior arts by significant margins in all metrics with good generalization performance (high success rate in unseen environments). Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gistvision/moca" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
