# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 18 Dec 2020
### 1.Reconstructing Hand-Object Interactions in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09856.pdf)
>  In this work we explore reconstructing hand-object interactions in the wild. The core challenge of this problem is the lack of appropriate 3D labeled data. To overcome this issue, we propose an optimization-based procedure which does not require direct 3D supervision. The general strategy we adopt is to exploit all available related data (2D bounding boxes, 2D hand keypoints, 2D instance masks, 3D object models, 3D in-the-lab MoCap) to provide constraints for the 3D reconstruction. Rather than optimizing the hand and object individually, we optimize them jointly which allows us to impose additional constraints based on hand-object contact, collision, and occlusion. Our method produces compelling reconstructions on the challenging in-the-wild data from the EPIC Kitchens and the 100 Days of Hands datasets, across a range of object categories. Quantitatively, we demonstrate that our approach compares favorably to existing approaches in the lab settings where ground truth 3D annotations are available.      
### 2.Infinite Nature: Perpetual View Generation of Natural Scenes from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09855.pdf)
>  We introduce the problem of perpetual view generation -- long-range generation of novel views corresponding to an arbitrarily long camera trajectory given a single image. This is a challenging problem that goes far beyond the capabilities of current view synthesis methods, which work for a limited range of viewpoints and quickly degenerate when presented with a large camera motion. Methods designed for video generation also have limited ability to produce long video sequences and are often agnostic to scene geometry. We take a hybrid approach that integrates both geometry and image synthesis in an iterative render, refine, and repeat framework, allowing for long-range generation that cover large distances after hundreds of frames. Our approach can be trained from a set of monocular video sequences without any manual annotation. We propose a dataset of aerial footage of natural coastal scenes, and compare our method with recent view synthesis and conditional video generation baselines, showing that it can generate plausible scenes for much longer time horizons over large camera trajectories compared to existing methods.      
### 3.Worldsheet: Wrapping the World in a 3D Sheet for View Synthesis from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09854.pdf)
>  We present Worldsheet, a method for novel view synthesis using just a single RGB image as input. This is a challenging problem as it requires an understanding of the 3D geometry of the scene as well as texture mapping to generate both visible and occluded regions from new view-points. Our main insight is that simply shrink-wrapping a planar mesh sheet onto the input image, consistent with the learned intermediate depth, captures underlying geometry sufficient enough to generate photorealistic unseen views with arbitrarily large view-point changes. To operationalize this, we propose a novel differentiable texture sampler that allows our wrapped mesh sheet to be textured; which is then transformed into a target image via differentiable rendering. Our approach is category-agnostic, end-to-end trainable without using any 3D supervision and requires a single image at test time. Worldsheet consistently outperforms prior state-of-the-art methods on single-image view synthesis across several datasets. Furthermore, this simple idea captures novel views surprisingly well on a wide range of high resolution in-the-wild images in converting them into a navigable 3D pop-up. Video results and code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://worldsheet.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 4.Human Mesh Recovery from Multiple Shots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09843.pdf)
>  Videos from edited media like movies are a useful, yet under-explored source of information. The rich variety of appearance and interactions between humans depicted over a large temporal context in these films could be a valuable source of data. However, the richness of data comes at the expense of fundamental challenges such as abrupt shot changes and close up shots of actors with heavy truncation, which limits the applicability of existing human 3D understanding methods. In this paper, we address these limitations with an insight that while shot changes of the same scene incur a discontinuity between frames, the 3D structure of the scene still changes smoothly. This allows us to handle frames before and after the shot change as multi-view signal that provide strong cues to recover the 3D state of the actors. We propose a multi-shot optimization framework, which leads to improved 3D reconstruction and mining of long sequences with pseudo ground truth 3D human mesh. We show that the resulting data is beneficial in the training of various human mesh recovery models: for single image, we achieve improved robustness; for video we propose a pure transformer-based temporal encoder, which can naturally handle missing observations due to shot changes in the input frames. We demonstrate the importance of the insight and proposed models through extensive experiments. The tools we develop open the door to processing and analyzing in 3D content from a large library of edited media, which could be helpful for many downstream applications. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://geopavlakos.github.io/multishot" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 5.$\mathbb{X}$Resolution Correspondence Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09842.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim at establishing accurate dense correspondences between a pair of images with overlapping field of view under challenging illumination variation, viewpoint changes, and style differences. Through an extensive ablation study of the state-of-the-art correspondence networks, we surprisingly discovered that the widely adopted 4D correlation tensor and its related learning and processing modules could be de-parameterised and removed from training with merely a minor impact over the final matching accuracy. Disabling some of the most memory consuming and computational expensive modules dramatically speeds up the training procedure and allows to use 4x bigger batch size, which in turn compensates for the accuracy drop. Together with a multi-GPU inference stage, our method facilitates the systematic investigation of the relationship between matching accuracy and up-sampling resolution of the native testing images from 720p to 4K. This leads to finding an optimal resolution $\mathbb X$ that produces accurate matching performance surpassing the state-of-the-art methods particularly over the lower error band for the proposed network and evaluation datasets.      
### 6.Taming Transformers for High-Resolution Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09841.pdf)
>  Designed to learn long-range interactions on sequential data, transformers continue to show state-of-the-art results on a wide variety of tasks. In contrast to CNNs, they contain no inductive bias that prioritizes local interactions. This makes them expressive, but also computationally infeasible for long sequences, such as high-resolution images. We demonstrate how combining the effectiveness of the inductive bias of CNNs with the expressivity of transformers enables them to model and thereby synthesize high-resolution images. We show how to (i) use CNNs to learn a context-rich vocabulary of image constituents, and in turn (ii) utilize transformers to efficiently model their composition within high-resolution images. Our approach is readily applied to conditional synthesis tasks, where both non-spatial information, such as object classes, and spatial information, such as segmentations, can control the generated image. In particular, we present the first results on semantically-guided synthesis of megapixel images with transformers. Project page at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://compvis.github.io/taming-transformers/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 7.Transformer Interpretability Beyond Attention Visualization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09838.pdf)
>  Self-attention techniques, and specifically Transformers, are dominating the field of text processing and are becoming increasingly popular in computer vision classification tasks. In order to visualize the parts of the image that led to a certain classification, existing methods either rely on the obtained attention maps, or employ heuristic propagation along the attention graph. In this work, we propose a novel way to compute relevancy for Transformer networks. The method assigns local relevance based on the deep Taylor decomposition principle and then propagates these relevancy scores through the layers. This propagation involves attention layers and skip connections, which challenge existing methods. Our solution is based on a specific formulation that is shown to maintain the total relevancy across layers. We benchmark our method on very recent visual Transformer networks, as well as on a text classification problem, and demonstrate a clear advantage over the existing explainability methods.      
### 8.SceneFormer: Indoor Scene Generation with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09793.pdf)
>  The task of indoor scene generation is to generate a sequence of objects, their locations and orientations conditioned on the shape and size of a room. Large scale indoor scene datasets allow us to extract patterns from user-designed indoor scenes and then generate new scenes based on these patterns. Existing methods rely on the 2D or 3D appearance of these scenes in addition to object positions, and make assumptions about the possible relations between objects. In contrast, we do not use any appearance information, and learn relations between objects using the self attention mechanism of transformers. We show that this leads to faster scene generation compared to existing methods with the same or better levels of realism. We build simple and effective generative models conditioned on the room shape, and on text descriptions of the room using only the cross-attention mechanism of transformers. We carried out a user study showing that our generated scenes are preferred over DeepSynth scenes 57.7% of the time for bedroom scenes, and 63.3% for living room scenes. In addition, we generate a scene in 1.48 seconds on average, 20% faster than the state of the art method Fast &amp; Flexible, allowing interactive scene generation.      
### 9.Neural Radiance Flow for 4D View Synthesis and Video Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09790.pdf)
>  We present a method, Neural Radiance Flow (NeRFlow),to learn a 4D spatial-temporal representation of a dynamic scene from a set of RGB images. Key to our approach is the use of a neural implicit representation that learns to capture the 3D occupancy, radiance, and dynamics of the scene. By enforcing consistency across different modalities, our representation enables multi-view rendering in diverse dynamic scenes, including water pouring, robotic interaction, and real images, outperforming state-of-the-art methods for spatial-temporal view synthesis. Our approach works even when inputs images are captured with only one camera. We further demonstrate that the learned representation can serve as an implicit scene prior, enabling video processing tasks such as image super-resolution and de-noising without any additional supervision.      
### 10.End-to-end Deep Object Tracking with Circular Loss Function for Rotated Bounding Box  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09771.pdf)
>  The task object tracking is vital in numerous applications such as autonomous driving, intelligent surveillance, robotics, etc. This task entails the assigning of a bounding box to an object in a video stream, given only the bounding box for that object on the first frame. In 2015, a new type of video object tracking (VOT) dataset was created that introduced rotated bounding boxes as an extension of axis-aligned ones. In this work, we introduce a novel end-to-end deep learning method based on the Transformer Multi-Head Attention architecture. We also present a new type of loss function, which takes into account the bounding box overlap and orientation. <br>Our Deep Object Tracking model with Circular Loss Function (DOTCL) shows an considerable improvement in terms of robustness over current state-of-the-art end-to-end deep learning models. It also outperforms state-of-the-art object tracking methods on VOT2018 dataset in terms of expected average overlap (EAO) metric.      
### 11.End-to-End Human Pose and Mesh Reconstruction with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09760.pdf)
>  We present a new method, called MEsh TRansfOrmer (METRO), to reconstruct 3D human pose and mesh vertices from a single image. Our method uses a transformer encoder to jointly model vertex-vertex and vertex-joint interactions, and outputs 3D joint coordinates and mesh vertices simultaneously. Compared to existing techniques that regress pose and shape parameters, METRO does not rely on any parametric mesh models like SMPL, thus it can be easily extended to other objects such as hands. We further relax the mesh topology and allow the transformer self-attention mechanism to freely attend between any two vertices, making it possible to learn non-local relationships among mesh vertices and joints. With the proposed masked vertex modeling, our method is more robust and effective in handling challenging situations like partial occlusions. METRO generates new state-of-the-art results for human mesh reconstruction on the public Human3.6M and 3DPW datasets. Moreover, we demonstrate the generalizability of METRO to 3D hand reconstruction in the wild, outperforming existing state-of-the-art methods on FreiHAND dataset.      
### 12.Interpretable Image Clustering via Diffeomorphism-Aware K-Means  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09743.pdf)
>  We design an interpretable clustering algorithm aware of the nonlinear structure of image manifolds. Our approach leverages the interpretability of $K$-means applied in the image space while addressing its clustering performance issues. Specifically, we develop a measure of similarity between images and centroids that encompasses a general class of deformations: diffeomorphisms, rendering the clustering invariant to them. Our work leverages the Thin-Plate Spline interpolation technique to efficiently learn diffeomorphisms best characterizing the image manifolds. Extensive numerical simulations show that our approach competes with state-of-the-art methods on various datasets.      
### 13.AutoCaption: Image Captioning with Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09742.pdf)
>  Image captioning transforms complex visual information into abstract natural language for representation, which can help computers understanding the world quickly. However, due to the complexity of the real environment, it needs to identify key objects and realize their connections, and further generate natural language. The whole process involves a visual understanding module and a language generation module, which brings more challenges to the design of deep neural networks than other tasks. Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has shown its important role in a variety of image recognition tasks. Besides, RNN plays an essential role in the image captioning task. We introduce a AutoCaption method to better design the decoder module of the image captioning where we use the NAS to design the decoder module called AutoRNN automatically. We use the reinforcement learning method based on shared parameters for automatic design the AutoRNN efficiently. The search space of the AutoCaption includes connections between the layers and the operations in layers both, and it can make AutoRNN express more architectures. In particular, RNN is equivalent to a subset of our search space. Experiments on the MSCOCO datasets show that our AutoCaption model can achieve better performance than traditional hand-design methods. Our AutoCaption obtains the best published CIDEr performance of 135.8% on COCO Karpathy test split. When further using ensemble technology, CIDEr is boosted up to 139.5%.      
### 14.Robust Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09732.pdf)
>  Automated captioning of photos is a mission that incorporates the difficulties of photo analysis and text generation. One essential feature of captioning is the concept of attention: how to determine what to specify and in which sequence. In this study, we leverage the Object Relation using adversarial robust cut algorithm, that grows upon this method by specifically embedding knowledge about the spatial association between input data through graph representation. Our experimental study represent the promising performance of our proposed method for image captioning.      
### 15.Efficient CNN-LSTM based Image Captioning using Neural Network Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09708.pdf)
>  Modern Neural Networks are eminent in achieving state of the art performance on tasks under Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing and related verticals. However, they are notorious for their voracious memory and compute appetite which further obstructs their deployment on resource limited edge devices. In order to achieve edge deployment, researchers have developed pruning and quantization algorithms to compress such networks without compromising their efficacy. Such compression algorithms are broadly experimented on standalone CNN and RNN architectures while in this work, we present an unconventional end to end compression pipeline of a CNN-LSTM based Image Captioning model. The model is trained using VGG16 or ResNet50 as an encoder and an LSTM decoder on the flickr8k dataset. We then examine the effects of different compression architectures on the model and design a compression architecture that achieves a 73.1% reduction in model size, 71.3% reduction in inference time and a 7.7% increase in BLEU score as compared to its uncompressed counterpart.      
### 16.RainNet: A Large-Scale Dataset for Spatial Precipitation Downscaling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09700.pdf)
>  Spatial Precipitation Downscaling is one of the most important problems in the geo-science community. However, it still remains an unaddressed issue. Deep learning is a promising potential solution for downscaling. In order to facilitate the research on precipitation downscaling for deep learning, we present the first \textbf{REAL} (non-simulated) Large-Scale Spatial Precipitation Downscaling Dataset, \textbf{RainNet}, which contains \textbf{62,424} pairs of low-resolution and high-resolution precipitation maps for 17 years. Contrary to simulated data, this real dataset covers various types of real meteorological phenomena (e.g., Hurricane, Squall, etc.), and shows the physical characters - \textbf{Temporal Misalignment}, \textbf{Temporal Sparse} and \textbf{Fluid Properties} - that challenge the downscaling algorithms. In order to fully explore potential downscaling solutions, we propose an implicit physical estimation framework to learn the above characteristics. Eight metrics specifically considering the physical property of the data set are raised, while fourteen models are evaluated on the proposed dataset. Finally, we analyze the effectiveness and feasibility of these models on precipitation downscaling task. The Dataset and Code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://neuralchen.github.io/RainNet/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 17.PCT: Point Cloud Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09688.pdf)
>  The irregular domain and lack of ordering make it challenging to design deep neural networks for point cloud processing. This paper presents a novel framework named Point Cloud Transformer(PCT) for point cloud learning. PCT is based on Transformer, which achieves huge success in natural language processing and displays great potential in image processing. It is inherently permutation invariant for processing a sequence of points, making it well-suited for point cloud learning. To better capture local context within the point cloud, we enhance input embedding with the support of farthest point sampling and nearest neighbor search. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the PCT achieves the state-of-the-art performance on shape classification, part segmentation and normal estimation tasks.      
### 18.Multi-Modal Depth Estimation Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09667.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of dense depth predictions from sparse distance sensor data and a single camera image on challenging weather conditions. This work explores the significance of different sensor modalities such as camera, Radar, and Lidar for estimating depth by applying Deep Learning approaches. Although Lidar has higher depth-sensing abilities than Radar and has been integrated with camera images in lots of previous works, depth estimation using CNN's on the fusion of robust Radar distance data and camera images has not been explored much. In this work, a deep regression network is proposed utilizing a transfer learning approach consisting of an encoder where a high performing pre-trained model has been used to initialize it for extracting dense features and a decoder for upsampling and predicting desired depth. The results are demonstrated on Nuscenes, KITTI, and a Synthetic dataset which was created using the CARLA simulator. Also, top-view zoom-camera images captured from the crane on a construction site are evaluated to estimate the distance of the crane boom carrying heavy loads from the ground to show the usability in safety-critical applications.      
### 19.A fully pipelined FPGA accelerator for scale invariant feature transform keypoint descriptor matching,  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09666.pdf)
>  The scale invariant feature transform (SIFT) algorithm is considered a classical feature extraction algorithm within the field of computer vision. SIFT keypoint descriptor matching is a computationally intensive process due to the amount of data consumed. In this work, we designed a novel fully pipelined hardware accelerator architecture for SIFT keypoint descriptor matching. The accelerator core was implemented and tested on a field programmable gate array (FPGA). The proposed hardware architecture is able to properly handle the memory bandwidth necessary for a fully-pipelined implementation and hits the roofline performance model, achieving the potential maximum throughput. The fully pipelined matching architecture was designed based on the consine angle distance method. Our architecture was optimized for 16-bit fixed-point operations and implemented on hardware using a Xilinx Zynq-based FPGA development board. Our proposed architecture shows a noticeable reduction of area resources compared with its counterparts in literature, while maintaining high throughput by alleviating memory bandwidth restrictions. The results show a reduction in consumed device resources of up to 91 percent in LUTs and 79 percent of BRAMs. Our hardware implementation is 15.7 times faster than the comparable software approach.      
### 20.Firearm Detection via Convolutional Neural Networks: Comparing a Semantic Segmentation Model Against End-to-End Solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09662.pdf)
>  Threat detection of weapons and aggressive behavior from live video can be used for rapid detection and prevention of potentially deadly incidents such as terrorism, general criminal offences, or even domestic violence. One way for achieving this is through the use of artificial intelligence and, in particular, machine learning for image analysis. In this paper we conduct a comparison between a traditional monolithic end-to-end deep learning model and a previously proposed model based on an ensemble of simpler neural networks detecting fire-weapons via semantic segmentation. We evaluated both models from different points of view, including accuracy, computational and data complexity, flexibility and reliability. Our results show that a semantic segmentation model provides considerable amount of flexibility and resilience in the low data environment compared to classical deep model models, although its configuration and tuning presents a challenge in achieving the same levels of accuracy as an end-to-end model.      
### 21.Detection and Prediction of Nutrient Deficiency Stress using Longitudinal Aerial Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09654.pdf)
>  Early, precise detection of nutrient deficiency stress (NDS) has key economic as well as environmental impact; precision application of chemicals in place of blanket application reduces operational costs for the growers while reducing the amount of chemicals which may enter the environment unnecessarily. Furthermore, earlier treatment reduces the amount of loss and therefore boosts crop production during a given season. With this in mind, we collect sequences of high-resolution aerial imagery and construct semantic segmentation models to detect and predict NDS across the field. Our work sits at the intersection of agriculture, remote sensing, and modern computer vision and deep learning. First, we establish a baseline for full-field detection of NDS and quantify the impact of pretraining, backbone architecture, input representation, and sampling strategy. We then quantify the amount of information available at different points in the season by building a single-timestamp model based on a UNet. Next, we construct our proposed spatiotemporal architecture, which combines a UNet with a convolutional LSTM layer, to accurately detect regions of the field showing NDS; this approach has an impressive IOU score of 0.53. Finally, we show that this architecture can be trained to predict regions of the field which are expected to show NDS in a later flight -- potentially more than three weeks in the future -- maintaining an IOU score of 0.47-0.51 depending on how far in advance the prediction is made. We will also release a dataset which we believe will benefit the computer vision, remote sensing, as well as agriculture fields. This work contributes to the recent developments in deep learning for remote sensing and agriculture, while addressing a key social challenge with implications for economics and sustainability.      
### 22.Trajectory saliency detection using consistency-oriented latent codes from a recurrent auto-encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09573.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are concerned with the detection of progressive dynamic saliency from video sequences. More precisely, we are interested in saliency related to motion and likely to appear progressively over time. It can be relevant to trigger alarms, to dedicate additional processing or to detect specific events. Trajectories represent the best way to support progressive dynamic saliency detection. Accordingly, we will talk about trajectory saliency. A trajectory will be qualified as salient if it deviates from normal trajectories that share a common motion pattern related to a given context. First, we need a compact while discriminative representation of trajectories. We adopt a (nearly) unsupervised learning-based approach. The latent code estimated by a recurrent auto-encoder provides the desired representation. In addition, we enforce consistency for normal (similar) trajectories through the auto-encoder loss function. The distance of the trajectory code to a prototype code accounting for normality is the means to detect salient trajectories. We validate our trajectory saliency detection method on synthetic and real trajectory datasets, and highlight the contributions of its different components. We show that our method outperforms existing methods on several scenarios drawn from the publicly available dataset of pedestrian trajectories acquired in a railway station (Alahi 2014).      
### 23.Incremental Learning from Low-labelled Stream Data in Open-Set Video Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09571.pdf)
>  Deep Learning approaches have brought solutions, with impressive performance, to general classification problems where wealthy of annotated data are provided for training. In contrast, less progress has been made in continual learning of a set of non-stationary classes, mainly when applied to unsupervised problems with streaming data. <br>Here, we propose a novel incremental learning approach which combines a deep features encoder with an Open-Set Dynamic Ensembles of SVM, to tackle the problem of identifying individuals of interest (IoI) from streaming face data. From a simple weak classifier trained on a few video-frames, our method can use unsupervised operational data to enhance recognition. Our approach adapts to new patterns avoiding catastrophic forgetting and partially heals itself from miss-adaptation. Besides, to better comply with real world conditions, the system was designed to operate in an open-set setting. Results show a benefit of up to 15% F1-score increase respect to non-adaptive state-of-the-art methods.      
### 24.Weakly-Supervised Action Localization and Action Recognition using Global-Local Attention of 3D CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09542.pdf)
>  3D Convolutional Neural Network (3D CNN) captures spatial and temporal information on 3D data such as video sequences. However, due to the convolution and pooling mechanism, the information loss seems unavoidable. To improve the visual explanations and classification in 3D CNN, we propose two approaches; i) aggregate layer-wise global to local (global-local) discrete gradients using trained 3DResNext network, and ii) implement attention gating network to improve the accuracy of the action recognition. The proposed approach intends to show the usefulness of every layer termed as global-local attention in 3D CNN via visual attribution, weakly-supervised action localization, and action recognition. Firstly, the 3DResNext is trained and applied for action classification using backpropagation concerning the maximum predicted class. The gradients and activations of every layer are then up-sampled. Later, aggregation is used to produce more nuanced attention, which points out the most critical part of the predicted class's input videos. We use contour thresholding of final attention for final localization. We evaluate spatial and temporal action localization in trimmed videos using fine-grained visual explanation via 3DCam. Experimental results show that the proposed approach produces informative visual explanations and discriminative attention. Furthermore, the action recognition via attention gating on each layer produces better classification results than the baseline model.      
### 25.Embodied Visual Active Learning for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09503.pdf)
>  We study the task of embodied visual active learning, where an agent is set to explore a 3d environment with the goal to acquire visual scene understanding by actively selecting views for which to request annotation. While accurate on some benchmarks, today's deep visual recognition pipelines tend to not generalize well in certain real-world scenarios, or for unusual viewpoints. Robotic perception, in turn, requires the capability to refine the recognition capabilities for the conditions where the mobile system operates, including cluttered indoor environments or poor illumination. This motivates the proposed task, where an agent is placed in a novel environment with the objective of improving its visual recognition capability. To study embodied visual active learning, we develop a battery of agents - both learnt and pre-specified - and with different levels of knowledge of the environment. The agents are equipped with a semantic segmentation network and seek to acquire informative views, move and explore in order to propagate annotations in the neighbourhood of those views, then refine the underlying segmentation network by online retraining. The trainable method uses deep reinforcement learning with a reward function that balances two competing objectives: task performance, represented as visual recognition accuracy, which requires exploring the environment, and the necessary amount of annotated data requested during active exploration. We extensively evaluate the proposed models using the photorealistic Matterport3D simulator and show that a fully learnt method outperforms comparable pre-specified counterparts, even when requesting fewer annotations.      
### 26.A Hierarchical Feature Constraint to Camouflage Medical Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09501.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) for medical images are extremely vulnerable to adversarial examples (AEs), which poses security concerns on clinical decision making. Luckily, medical AEs are also easy to detect in hierarchical feature space per our study herein. To better understand this phenomenon, we thoroughly investigate the intrinsic characteristic of medical AEs in feature space, providing both empirical evidence and theoretical explanations for the question: why are medical adversarial attacks easy to detect? We first perform a stress test to reveal the vulnerability of deep representations of medical images, in contrast to natural images. We then theoretically prove that typical adversarial attacks to binary disease diagnosis network manipulate the prediction by continuously optimizing the vulnerable representations in a fixed direction, resulting in outlier features that make medical AEs easy to detect. However, this vulnerability can also be exploited to hide the AEs in the feature space. We propose a novel hierarchical feature constraint (HFC) as an add-on to existing adversarial attacks, which encourages the hiding of the adversarial representation within the normal feature distribution. We evaluate the proposed method on two public medical image datasets, namely {Fundoscopy} and {Chest X-Ray}. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our adversarial attack method as it bypasses an array of state-of-the-art adversarial detectors more easily than competing attack methods, supporting that the great vulnerability of medical features allows an attacker more room to manipulate the adversarial representations.      
### 27.Exploiting Learnable Joint Groups for Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09496.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to estimate 3D hand pose by recovering the 3D coordinates of joints in a group-wise manner, where less-related joints are automatically categorized into different groups and exhibit different features. This is different from the previous methods where all the joints are considered holistically and share the same feature. The benefits of our method are illustrated by the principle of multi-task learning (MTL), i.e., by separating less-related joints into different groups (as different tasks), our method learns different features for each of them, therefore efficiently avoids the negative transfer (among less related tasks/groups of joints). The key of our method is a novel binary selector that automatically selects related joints into the same group. We implement such a selector with binary values stochastically sampled from a Concrete distribution, which is constructed using Gumbel softmax on trainable parameters. This enables us to preserve the differentiable property of the whole network. We further exploit features from those less-related groups by carrying out an additional feature fusing scheme among them, to learn more discriminative features. This is realized by implementing multiple 1x1 convolutions on the concatenated features, where each joint group contains a unique 1x1 convolution for feature fusion. The detailed ablation analysis and the extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets demonstrate the promising performance of the proposed method over the state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods. Besides, our method achieves top-1 among all the methods that do not exploit the dense 3D shape labels on the most recently released FreiHAND competition at the submission date. The source code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> moranli-aca/LearnableGroups-Hand.      
### 28.CT Film Recovery via Disentangling Geometric Deformation and Illumination Variation: Simulated Datasets and Deep Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09491.pdf)
>  While medical images such as computed tomography (CT) are stored in DICOM format in hospital PACS, it is still quite routine in many countries to print a film as a transferable medium for the purposes of self-storage and secondary consultation. Also, with the ubiquitousness of mobile phone cameras, it is quite common to take pictures of the CT films, which unfortunately suffer from geometric deformation and illumination variation. In this work, we study the problem of recovering a CT film, which marks the first attempt in the literature, to the best of our knowledge. We start with building a large-scale head CT film database CTFilm20K, consisting of approximately 20,000 pictures, using the widely used computer graphics software Blender. We also record all accompanying information related to the geometric deformation (such as 3D coordinate, depth, normal, and UV maps) and illumination variation (such as albedo map). Then we propose a deep framework to disentangle geometric deformation and illumination variation using the multiple maps extracted from the CT films to collaboratively guide the recovery process. Extensive experiments on simulated and real images demonstrate the superiority of our approach over the previous approaches. We plan to open source the simulated images and deep models for promoting the research on CT film recovery (https://anonymous.4open.science/r/e6b1f6e3-9b36-423f-a225-55b7d0b55523/).      
### 29.Learning to Share: A Multitasking Genetic Programming Approach to Image Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09444.pdf)
>  Evolutionary multitasking is a promising approach to simultaneously solving multiple tasks with knowledge sharing. Image feature learning can be solved as a multitasking problem because different tasks may have a similar feature space. Genetic programming (GP) has been successfully applied to image feature learning for classification. However, most of the existing GP methods solve one task, independently, using sufficient training data. No multitasking GP method has been developed for image feature learning. Therefore, this paper develops a multitasking GP approach to image feature learning for classification with limited training data. Owing to the flexible representation of GP, a new knowledge sharing mechanism based on a new individual representation is developed to allow GP to automatically learn what to share across two tasks. The shared knowledge is encoded as a common tree, which can represent the common/general features of two tasks. With the new individual representation, each task is solved using the features extracted from a common tree and a task-specific tree representing task-specific features. To learn the best common and task-specific trees, a new evolutionary process and new fitness functions are developed. The performance of the proposed approach is examined on six multitasking problems of 12 image classification datasets with limited training data and compared with three GP and 14 non-GP-based competitive methods. Experimental results show that the new approach outperforms these compared methods in almost all the comparisons. Further analysis reveals that the new approach learns simple yet effective common trees with high effectiveness and transferability.      
### 30.FG-Net: Fast Large-Scale LiDAR Point CloudsUnderstanding Network Leveraging CorrelatedFeature Mining and Geometric-Aware Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09439.pdf)
>  This work presents FG-Net, a general deep learning framework for large-scale point clouds understanding without voxelizations, which achieves accurate and real-time performance with a single NVIDIA GTX 1080 GPU. First, a novel noise and outlier filtering method is designed to facilitate subsequent high-level tasks. For effective understanding purpose, we propose a deep convolutional neural network leveraging correlated feature mining and deformable convolution based geometric-aware modelling, in which the local feature relationships and geometric patterns can be fully exploited. For the efficiency issue, we put forward an inverse density sampling operation and a feature pyramid based residual learning strategy to save the computational cost and memory consumption respectively. Extensive experiments on real-world challenging datasets demonstrated that our approaches outperform state-of-the-art approaches in terms of accuracy and efficiency. Moreover, weakly supervised transfer learning is also conducted to demonstrate the generalization capacity of our method.      
### 31.Multi-shot Temporal Event Localization: a Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09434.pdf)
>  Current developments in temporal event or action localization usually target actions captured by a single camera. However, extensive events or actions in the wild may be captured as a sequence of shots by multiple cameras at different positions. <br>In this paper, we propose a new and challenging task called multi-shot temporal event localization, and accordingly, collect a large scale dataset called MUlti-Shot EventS (MUSES). MUSES has 31,477 event instances for a total of 716 video hours. The core nature of MUSES is the frequent shot cuts, for an average of 19 shots per instance and 176 shots per video, which induces large intrainstance variations. Our comprehensive evaluations show that the state-of-the-art method in temporal action localization only achieves an mAP of 13.1% at IoU=0.5. As a minor contribution, we present a simple baseline approach for handling the intra-instance variations, which reports an mAP of 18.9% on MUSES and 56.9% on THUMOS14 at IoU=0.5. To facilitate research in this direction, we release the dataset and the project code at https://songbai.site/muses.      
### 32.PanoNet3D: Combining Semantic and Geometric Understanding for LiDARPoint Cloud Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09418.pdf)
>  Visual data in autonomous driving perception, such as camera image and LiDAR point cloud, can be interpreted as a mixture of two aspects: semantic feature and geometric structure. Semantics come from the appearance and context of objects to the sensor, while geometric structure is the actual 3D shape of point clouds. Most detectors on LiDAR point clouds focus only on analyzing the geometric structure of objects in real 3D space. Unlike previous works, we propose to learn both semantic feature and geometric structure via a unified multi-view framework. Our method exploits the nature of LiDAR scans -- 2D range images, and applies well-studied 2D convolutions to extract semantic features. By fusing semantic and geometric features, our method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches in all categories by a large margin. The methodology of combining semantic and geometric features provides a unique perspective of looking at the problems in real-world 3D point cloud detection.      
### 33.Computation-Efficient Knowledge Distillation via Uncertainty-Aware Mixup  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09413.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation, which involves extracting the "dark knowledge" from a teacher network to guide the learning of a student network, has emerged as an essential technique for model compression and transfer learning. Unlike previous works that focus on the accuracy of student network, here we study a little-explored but important question, i.e., knowledge distillation efficiency. Our goal is to achieve a performance comparable to conventional knowledge distillation with a lower computation cost during training. We show that the UNcertainty-aware mIXup (UNIX) can serve as a clean yet effective solution. The uncertainty sampling strategy is used to evaluate the informativeness of each training sample. Adaptive mixup is applied to uncertain samples to compact knowledge. We further show that the redundancy of conventional knowledge distillation lies in the excessive learning of easy samples. By combining uncertainty and mixup, our approach reduces the redundancy and makes better use of each query to the teacher network. We validate our approach on CIFAR100 and ImageNet. Notably, with only 79% computation cost, we outperform conventional knowledge distillation on CIFAR100 and achieve a comparable result on ImageNet.      
### 34.Temporal LiDAR Frame Prediction for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09409.pdf)
>  Anticipating the future in a dynamic scene is critical for many fields such as autonomous driving and robotics. In this paper we propose a class of novel neural network architectures to predict future LiDAR frames given previous ones. Since the ground truth in this application is simply the next frame in the sequence, we can train our models in a self-supervised fashion. Our proposed architectures are based on FlowNet3D and Dynamic Graph CNN. We use Chamfer Distance (CD) and Earth Mover's Distance (EMD) as loss functions and evaluation metrics. We train and evaluate our models using the newly released nuScenes dataset, and characterize their performance and complexity with several baselines. Compared to directly using FlowNet3D, our proposed architectures achieve CD and EMD nearly an order of magnitude lower. In addition, we show that our predictions generate reasonable scene flow approximations without using any labelled supervision.      
### 35.LIGHTEN: Learning Interactions with Graph and Hierarchical TEmporal Networks for HOI in videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09402.pdf)
>  Analyzing the interactions between humans and objects from a video includes identification of the relationships between humans and the objects present in the video. It can be thought of as a specialized version of Visual Relationship Detection, wherein one of the objects must be a human. While traditional methods formulate the problem as inference on a sequence of video segments, we present a hierarchical approach, LIGHTEN, to learn visual features to effectively capture spatio-temporal cues at multiple granularities in a video. Unlike current approaches, LIGHTEN avoids using ground truth data like depth maps or 3D human pose, thus increasing generalization across non-RGBD datasets as well. Furthermore, we achieve the same using only the visual features, instead of the commonly used hand-crafted spatial features. We achieve state-of-the-art results in human-object interaction detection (88.9% and 92.6%) and anticipation tasks of CAD-120 and competitive results on image based HOI detection in V-COCO dataset, setting a new benchmark for visual features based approaches. Code for LIGHTEN is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/praneeth11009/LIGHTEN-Learning-Interactions-with-Graphs-and-Hierarchical-TEmporal-Networks-for-HOI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 36.Zoom-to-Inpaint: Image Inpainting with High Frequency Details  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09401.pdf)
>  Although deep learning has enabled a huge leap forward in image inpainting, current methods are often unable to synthesize realistic high-frequency details. In this paper, we propose applying super resolution to coarsely reconstructed outputs, refining them at high resolution, and then downscaling the output to the original resolution. By introducing high-resolution images to the refinement network, our framework is able to reconstruct finer details that are usually smoothed out due to spectral bias - the tendency of neural networks to reconstruct low frequencies better than high frequencies. To assist training the refinement network on large upscaled holes, we propose a progressive learning technique in which the size of the missing regions increases as training progresses. Our zoom-in, refine and zoom-out strategy, combined with high-resolution supervision and progressive learning, constitutes a framework-agnostic approach for enhancing high-frequency details that can be applied to other inpainting methods. We provide qualitative and quantitative evaluations along with an ablation analysis to show the effectiveness of our approach, which outperforms state-of-the-art inpainting methods.      
### 37.Invariant Teacher and Equivariant Student for Unsupervised 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09398.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method based on teacher-student learning framework for 3D human pose estimation without any 3D annotation or side information. To solve this unsupervised-learning problem, the teacher network adopts pose-dictionary-based modeling for regularization to estimate a physically plausible 3D pose. To handle the decomposition ambiguity in the teacher network, we propose a cycle-consistent architecture promoting a 3D rotation-invariant property to train the teacher network. To further improve the estimation accuracy, the student network adopts a novel graph convolution network for flexibility to directly estimate the 3D coordinates. Another cycle-consistent architecture promoting 3D rotation-equivariant property is adopted to exploit geometry consistency, together with knowledge distillation from the teacher network to improve the pose estimation performance. We conduct extensive experiments on Human3.6M and MPI-INF-3DHP. Our method reduces the 3D joint prediction error by 11.4% compared to state-of-the-art unsupervised methods and also outperforms many weakly-supervised methods that use side information on Human3.6M. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sjtuxcx/ITES" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Efficient Golf Ball Detection and Tracking Based on Convolutional Neural Networks and Kalman Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09393.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the problem of online golf ball detection and tracking from image sequences. An efficient real-time approach is proposed by exploiting convolutional neural networks (CNN) based object detection and a Kalman filter based prediction. Five classical deep learning-based object detection networks are implemented and evaluated for ball detection, including YOLO v3 and its tiny version, YOLO v4, Faster R-CNN, SSD, and RefineDet. The detection is performed on small image patches instead of the entire image to increase the performance of small ball detection. At the tracking stage, a discrete Kalman filter is employed to predict the location of the ball and a small image patch is cropped based on the prediction. Then, the object detector is utilized to refine the location of the ball and update the parameters of Kalman filter. In order to train the detection models and test the tracking algorithm, a collection of golf ball dataset is created and annotated. Extensive comparative experiments are performed to demonstrate the effectiveness and superior tracking performance of the proposed scheme.      
### 39.Event Camera Calibration of Per-pixel Biased Contrast Threshold  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09378.pdf)
>  Event cameras output asynchronous events to represent intensity changes with a high temporal resolution, even under extreme lighting conditions. Currently, most of the existing works use a single contrast threshold to estimate the intensity change of all pixels. However, complex circuit bias and manufacturing imperfections cause biased pixels and mismatch contrast threshold among pixels, which may lead to undesirable outputs. In this paper, we propose a new event camera model and two calibration approaches which cover event-only cameras and hybrid image-event cameras. When intensity images are simultaneously provided along with events, we also propose an efficient online method to calibrate event cameras that adapts to time-varying event rates. We demonstrate the advantages of our proposed methods compared to the state-of-the-art on several different event camera datasets.      
### 40.Unlabeled Data Guided Semi-supervised Histopathology Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09373.pdf)
>  Automatic histopathology image segmentation is crucial to disease analysis. Limited available labeled data hinders the generalizability of trained models under the fully supervised setting. Semi-supervised learning (SSL) based on generative methods has been proven to be effective in utilizing diverse image characteristics. However, it has not been well explored what kinds of generated images would be more useful for model training and how to use such images. In this paper, we propose a new data guided generative method for histopathology image segmentation by leveraging the unlabeled data distributions. First, we design an image generation module. Image content and style are disentangled and embedded in a clustering-friendly space to utilize their distributions. New images are synthesized by sampling and cross-combining contents and styles. Second, we devise an effective data selection policy for judiciously sampling the generated images: (1) to make the generated training set better cover the dataset, the clusters that are underrepresented in the original training set are covered more; (2) to make the training process more effective, we identify and oversample the images of "hard cases" in the data for which annotated training data may be scarce. Our method is evaluated on glands and nuclei datasets. We show that under both the inductive and transductive settings, our SSL method consistently boosts the performance of common segmentation models and attains state-of-the-art results.      
### 41.Semi-Global Shape-aware Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09372.pdf)
>  Non-local operations are usually used to capture long-range dependencies via aggregating global context to each position recently. However, most of the methods cannot preserve object shapes since they only focus on feature similarity but ignore proximity between central and other positions for capturing long-range dependencies, while shape-awareness is beneficial to many computer vision tasks. In this paper, we propose a Semi-Global Shape-aware Network (SGSNet) considering both feature similarity and proximity for preserving object shapes when modeling long-range dependencies. A hierarchical way is taken to aggregate global context. In the first level, each position in the whole feature map only aggregates contextual information in vertical and horizontal directions according to both similarity and proximity. And then the result is input into the second level to do the same operations. By this hierarchical way, each central position gains supports from all other positions, and the combination of similarity and proximity makes each position gain supports mostly from the same semantic object. Moreover, we also propose a linear time algorithm for the aggregation of contextual information, where each of rows and columns in the feature map is treated as a binary tree to reduce similarity computation cost. Experiments on semantic segmentation and image retrieval show that adding SGSNet to existing networks gains solid improvements on both accuracy and efficiency.      
### 42.Learning to Recover 3D Scene Shape from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09365.pdf)
>  Despite significant progress in monocular depth estimation in the wild, recent state-of-the-art methods cannot be used to recover accurate 3D scene shape due to an unknown depth shift induced by shift-invariant reconstruction losses used in mixed-data depth prediction training, and possible unknown camera focal length. We investigate this problem in detail, and propose a two-stage framework that first predicts depth up to an unknown scale and shift from a single monocular image, and then use 3D point cloud encoders to predict the missing depth shift and focal length that allow us to recover a realistic 3D scene shape. In addition, we propose an image-level normalized regression loss and a normal-based geometry loss to enhance depth prediction models trained on mixed datasets. We test our depth model on nine unseen datasets and achieve state-of-the-art performance on zero-shot dataset generalization. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/Depth" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 43.Roof-GAN: Learning to Generate Roof Geometry and Relations for Residential Houses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09340.pdf)
>  This paper presents Roof-GAN, a novel generative adversarial network that generates structured geometry of residential roof structures as a set of roof primitives and their relationships. Given the number of primitives, the generator produces a structured roof model as a graph, which consists of 1) primitive geometry as raster images at each node, encoding facet segmentation and angles; 2) inter-primitive colinear/coplanar relationships at each edge; and 3) primitive geometry in a vector format at each node, generated by a novel differentiable vectorizer while enforcing the relationships. The discriminator is trained to assess the primitive raster geometry, the primitive relationships, and the primitive vector geometry in a fully end-to-end architecture. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in generating diverse and realistic roof models over the competing methods with a novel metric proposed in this paper for the task of structured geometry generation. We will share our code and data.      
### 44.Unsupervised Learning of Local Discriminative Representation for Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09333.pdf)
>  Local discriminative representation is needed in many medical image analysis tasks such as identifying sub-types of lesion or segmenting detailed components of anatomical structures by measuring similarity of local image regions. However, the commonly applied supervised representation learning methods require a large amount of annotated data, and unsupervised discriminative representation learning distinguishes different images by learning a global feature. In order to avoid the limitations of these two methods and be suitable for localized medical image analysis tasks, we introduce local discrimination into unsupervised representation learning in this work. The model contains two branches: one is an embedding branch which learns an embedding function to disperse dissimilar pixels over a low-dimensional hypersphere; and the other is a clustering branch which learns a clustering function to classify similar pixels into the same cluster. These two branches are trained simultaneously in a mutually beneficial pattern, and the learnt local discriminative representations are able to well measure the similarity of local image regions. These representations can be transferred to enhance various downstream tasks. Meanwhile, they can also be applied to cluster anatomical structures from unlabeled medical images under the guidance of topological priors from simulation or other structures with similar topological characteristics. The effectiveness and usefulness of the proposed method are demonstrated by enhancing various downstream tasks and clustering anatomical structures in retinal images and chest X-ray images. The corresponding code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HuaiChen-1994/LDLearning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.Polyblur: Removing mild blur by polynomial reblurring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09322.pdf)
>  We present a highly efficient blind restoration method to remove mild blur in natural images. Contrary to the mainstream, we focus on removing slight blur that is often present, damaging image quality and commonly generated by small out-of-focus, lens blur, or slight camera motion. The proposed algorithm first estimates image blur and then compensates for it by combining multiple applications of the estimated blur in a principled way. To estimate blur we introduce a simple yet robust algorithm based on empirical observations about the distribution of the gradient in sharp natural images. Our experiments show that, in the context of mild blur, the proposed method outperforms traditional and modern blind deblurring methods and runs in a fraction of the time. Our method can be used to blindly correct blur before applying off-the-shelf deep super-resolution methods leading to superior results than other highly complex and computationally demanding techniques. The proposed method estimates and removes mild blur from a 12MP image on a modern mobile phone in a fraction of a second.      
### 46.Learning to Recognize Patch-Wise Consistency for Deepfake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09311.pdf)
>  We propose to detect Deepfake generated by face manipulation based on one of their fundamental features: images are blended by patches from multiple sources, carrying distinct and persistent source features. In particular, we propose a novel representation learning approach for this task, called patch-wise consistency learning (PCL). It learns by measuring the consistency of image source features, resulting to representation with good interpretability and robustness to multiple forgery methods. We develop an inconsistency image generator (I2G) to generate training data for PCL and boost its robustness. We evaluate our approach on seven popular Deepfake detection datasets. Our model achieves superior detection accuracy and generalizes well to unseen generation methods. On average, our model outperforms the state-of-the-art in terms of AUC by 2% and 8% in the in- and cross-dataset evaluation, respectively.      
### 47.Self-Supervised Sketch-to-Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09290.pdf)
>  Imagining a colored realistic image from an arbitrarily drawn sketch is one of the human capabilities that we eager machines to mimic. Unlike previous methods that either requires the sketch-image pairs or utilize low-quantity detected edges as sketches, we study the exemplar-based sketch-to-image (s2i) synthesis task in a self-supervised learning manner, eliminating the necessity of the paired sketch data. To this end, we first propose an unsupervised method to efficiently synthesize line-sketches for general RGB-only datasets. With the synthetic paired-data, we then present a self-supervised Auto-Encoder (AE) to decouple the content/style features from sketches and RGB-images, and synthesize images that are both content-faithful to the sketches and style-consistent to the RGB-images. While prior works employ either the cycle-consistence loss or dedicated attentional modules to enforce the content/style fidelity, we show AE's superior performance with pure self-supervisions. To further improve the synthesis quality in high resolution, we also leverage an adversarial network to refine the details of synthetic images. Extensive experiments on 1024*1024 resolution demonstrate a new state-of-art-art performance of the proposed model on CelebA-HQ and Wiki-Art datasets. Moreover, with the proposed sketch generator, the model shows a promising performance on style mixing and style transfer, which require synthesized images to be both style-consistent and semantically meaningful. Our code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/odegeasslbc/Self-Supervised-Sketch-to-Image-Synthesis-PyTorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, and please visit <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://create.playform.io/my-projects?mode=sketch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for an online demo of our model.      
### 48.Projected Distribution Loss for Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09289.pdf)
>  Features obtained from object recognition CNNs have been widely used for measuring perceptual similarities between images. Such differentiable metrics can be used as perceptual learning losses to train image enhancement models. However, the choice of the distance function between input and target features may have a consequential impact on the performance of the trained model. While using the norm of the difference between extracted features leads to limited hallucination of details, measuring the distance between distributions of features may generate more textures; yet also more unrealistic details and artifacts. In this paper, we demonstrate that aggregating 1D-Wasserstein distances between CNN activations is more reliable than the existing approaches, and it can significantly improve the perceptual performance of enhancement models. More explicitly, we show that in imaging applications such as denoising, super-resolution, demosaicing, deblurring and JPEG artifact removal, the proposed learning loss outperforms the current state-of-the-art on reference-based perceptual losses. This means that the proposed learning loss can be plugged into different imaging frameworks and produce perceptually realistic results.      
### 49.Sparse Signal Models for Data Augmentation in Deep Learning ATR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09284.pdf)
>  Automatic Target Recognition (ATR) algorithms classify a given Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) image into one of the known target classes using a set of training images available for each class. Recently, learning methods have shown to achieve state-of-the-art classification accuracy if abundant training data is available, sampled uniformly over the classes, and their poses. In this paper, we consider the task of ATR with a limited set of training images. We propose a data augmentation approach to incorporate domain knowledge and improve the generalization power of a data-intensive learning algorithm, such as a Convolutional neural network (CNN). The proposed data augmentation method employs a limited persistence sparse modeling approach, capitalizing on commonly observed characteristics of wide-angle synthetic aperture radar (SAR) imagery. Specifically, we exploit the sparsity of the scattering centers in the spatial domain and the smoothly-varying structure of the scattering coefficients in the azimuthal domain to solve the ill-posed problem of over-parametrized model fitting. Using this estimated model, we synthesize new images at poses and sub-pixel translations not available in the given data to augment CNN's training data. The experimental results show that for the training data starved region, the proposed method provides a significant gain in the resulting ATR algorithm's generalization performance.      
### 50.ISD: Self-Supervised Learning by Iterative Similarity Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09259.pdf)
>  Recently, contrastive learning has achieved great results in self-supervised learning, where the main idea is to push two augmentations of an image (positive pairs) closer compared to other random images (negative pairs). We argue that not all random images are equal. Hence, we introduce a self supervised learning algorithm where we use a soft similarity for the negative images rather than a binary distinction between positive and negative pairs. We iteratively distill a slowly evolving teacher model to the student model by capturing the similarity of a query image to some random images and transferring that knowledge to the student. We argue that our method is less constrained compared to recent contrastive learning methods, so it can learn better features. Specifically, our method should handle unbalanced and unlabeled data better than existing contrastive learning methods, because the randomly chosen negative set might include many samples that are semantically similar to the query image. In this case, our method labels them as highly similar while standard contrastive methods label them as negative pairs. Our method achieves better results compared to state-of-the-art models like BYOL and MoCo on transfer learning settings. We also show that our method performs better in the settings where the unlabeled data is unbalanced. Our code is available here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UMBCvision/ISD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Neural Pruning via Growing Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09243.pdf)
>  Regularization has long been utilized to learn sparsity in deep neural network pruning. However, its role is mainly explored in the small penalty strength regime. In this work, we extend its application to a new scenario where the regularization grows large gradually to tackle two central problems of pruning: pruning schedule and weight importance scoring. (1) The former topic is newly brought up in this work, which we find critical to the pruning performance while receives little research attention. Specifically, we propose an L2 regularization variant with rising penalty factors and show it can bring significant accuracy gains compared with its one-shot counterpart, even when the same weights are removed. (2) The growing penalty scheme also brings us an approach to exploit the Hessian information for more accurate pruning without knowing their specific values, thus not bothered by the common Hessian approximation problems. Empirically, the proposed algorithms are easy to implement and scalable to large datasets and networks in both structured and unstructured pruning. Their effectiveness is demonstrated with modern deep neural networks on the CIFAR and ImageNet datasets, achieving competitive results compared to many state-of-the-art algorithms. Our code and trained models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mingsuntse/regularization-pruning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.S3CNet: A Sparse Semantic Scene Completion Network for LiDAR Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09242.pdf)
>  With the increasing reliance of self-driving and similar robotic systems on robust 3D vision, the processing of LiDAR scans with deep convolutional neural networks has become a trend in academia and industry alike. Prior attempts on the challenging Semantic Scene Completion task - which entails the inference of dense 3D structure and associated semantic labels from "sparse" representations - have been, to a degree, successful in small indoor scenes when provided with dense point clouds or dense depth maps often fused with semantic segmentation maps from RGB images. However, the performance of these systems drop drastically when applied to large outdoor scenes characterized by dynamic and exponentially sparser conditions. Likewise, processing of the entire sparse volume becomes infeasible due to memory limitations and workarounds introduce computational inefficiency as practitioners are forced to divide the overall volume into multiple equal segments and infer on each individually, rendering real-time performance impossible. In this work, we formulate a method that subsumes the sparsity of large-scale environments and present S3CNet, a sparse convolution based neural network that predicts the semantically completed scene from a single, unified LiDAR point cloud. We show that our proposed method outperforms all counterparts on the 3D task, achieving state-of-the art results on the SemanticKITTI benchmark. Furthermore, we propose a 2D variant of S3CNet with a multi-view fusion strategy to complement our 3D network, providing robustness to occlusions and extreme sparsity in distant regions. We conduct experiments for the 2D semantic scene completion task and compare the results of our sparse 2D network against several leading LiDAR segmentation models adapted for bird's eye view segmentation on two open-source datasets.      
### 53.uBAM: Unsupervised Behavior Analysis and Magnification using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09237.pdf)
>  Motor behavior analysis is essential to biomedical research and clinical diagnostics as it provides a non-invasive strategy for identifying motor impairment and its change caused by interventions. State-of-the-art instrumented movement analysis is time- and cost-intensive, since it requires placing physical or virtual markers. Besides the effort required for marking keypoints or annotations necessary for training or finetuning a detector, users need to know the interesting behavior beforehand to provide meaningful keypoints. We introduce uBAM, a novel, automatic deep learning algorithm for behavior analysis by discovering and magnifying deviations. We propose an unsupervised learning of posture and behavior representations that enable an objective behavior comparison across subjects. A generative model with novel disentanglement of appearance and behavior magnifies subtle behavior differences across subjects directly in a video without requiring a detour via keypoints or annotations. Evaluations on rodents and human patients with neurological diseases demonstrate the wide applicability of our approach.      
### 54.Shape My Face: Registering 3D Face Scans by Surface-to-Surface Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09235.pdf)
>  Existing surface registration methods focus on fitting in-sample data with little to no generalization ability and require both heavy pre-processing and careful hand-tuning. In this paper, we cast the registration task as a surface-to-surface translation problem, and design a model to reliably capture the latent geometric information directly from raw 3D face scans. We introduce Shape-My-Face (SMF), a powerful encoder-decoder architecture based on an improved point cloud encoder, a novel visual attention mechanism, graph convolutional decoders with skip connections, and a specialized mouth model that we smoothly integrate with the mesh convolutions. Compared to the previous state-of-the-art learning algorithms for non-rigid registration of face scans, SMF only requires the raw data to be rigidly aligned (with scaling) with a pre-defined face template. Additionally, our model provides topologically-sound meshes with minimal supervision, offers faster training time, has orders of magnitude fewer trainable parameters, is more robust to noise, and can generalize to previously unseen datasets. We extensively evaluate the quality of our registrations on diverse data. We demonstrate the robustness and generalizability of our model with in-the-wild face scans across different modalities, sensor types, and resolutions. Finally, we show that, by learning to register scans, SMF produces a hybrid linear and non-linear morphable model that can be used for generation, shape morphing, and expression transfer through manipulation of the latent space, including in-the-wild. We train SMF on a dataset of human faces comprising 9 large-scale databases on commodity hardware.      
### 55.On Episodes, Prototypical Networks, and Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09831.pdf)
>  Episodic learning is a popular practice among researchers and practitioners interested in few-shot learning. It consists of organising training in a series of learning problems, each relying on small "support" and "query" sets to mimic the few-shot circumstances encountered during evaluation. In this paper, we investigate the usefulness of episodic learning in Prototypical Networks and Matching Networks, two of the most popular algorithms making use of this practice. Surprisingly, in our experiments we found that, for Prototypical and Matching Networks, it is detrimental to use the episodic learning strategy of separating training samples between support and query set, as it is a data-inefficient way to exploit training batches. These "non-episodic" variants, which are closely related to the classic Neighbourhood Component Analysis, reliably improve over their episodic counterparts in multiple datasets, achieving an accuracy that (in the case of Prototypical Networks) is competitive with the state-of-the-art, despite being extremely simple.      
### 56.Learning Cross-Domain Correspondence for Control with Dynamics Cycle-Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09811.pdf)
>  At the heart of many robotics problems is the challenge of learning correspondences across domains. For instance, imitation learning requires obtaining correspondence between humans and robots; sim-to-real requires correspondence between physics simulators and the real world; transfer learning requires correspondences between different robotics environments. This paper aims to learn correspondence across domains differing in representation (vision vs. internal state), physics parameters (mass and friction), and morphology (number of limbs). Importantly, correspondences are learned using unpaired and randomly collected data from the two domains. We propose \textit{dynamics cycles} that align dynamic robot behavior across two domains using a cycle-consistency constraint. Once this correspondence is found, we can directly transfer the policy trained on one domain to the other, without needing any additional fine-tuning on the second domain. We perform experiments across a variety of problem domains, both in simulation and on real robot. Our framework is able to align uncalibrated monocular video of a real robot arm to dynamic state-action trajectories of a simulated arm without paired data. Video demonstrations of our results are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sjtuzq.github.io/cycle_dynamics.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 57.Deep Learning Techniques for Super-Resolution in Video Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09810.pdf)
>  The computational cost of video game graphics is increasing and hardware for processing graphics is struggling to keep up. This means that computer scientists need to develop creative new ways to improve the performance of graphical processing hardware. Deep learning techniques for video super-resolution can enable video games to have high quality graphics whilst offsetting much of the computational cost. These emerging technologies allow consumers to have improved performance and enjoyment from video games and have the potential to become standard within the game development industry.      
### 58.Describing the Structural Phenotype of the Glaucomatous Optic Nerve Head Using Artificial Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09755.pdf)
>  The optic nerve head (ONH) typically experiences complex neural- and connective-tissue structural changes with the development and progression of glaucoma, and monitoring these changes could be critical for improved diagnosis and prognosis in the glaucoma clinic. The gold-standard technique to assess structural changes of the ONH clinically is optical coherence tomography (OCT). However, OCT is limited to the measurement of a few hand-engineered parameters, such as the thickness of the retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL), and has not yet been qualified as a stand-alone device for glaucoma diagnosis and prognosis applications. We argue this is because the vast amount of information available in a 3D OCT scan of the ONH has not been fully exploited. In this study we propose a deep learning approach that can: \textbf{(1)} fully exploit information from an OCT scan of the ONH; \textbf{(2)} describe the structural phenotype of the glaucomatous ONH; and that can \textbf{(3)} be used as a robust glaucoma diagnosis tool. Specifically, the structural features identified by our algorithm were found to be related to clinical observations of glaucoma. The diagnostic accuracy from these structural features was $92.0 \pm 2.3 \%$ with a sensitivity of $90.0 \pm 2.4 \% $ (at $95 \%$ specificity). By changing their magnitudes in steps, we were able to reveal how the morphology of the ONH changes as one transitions from a `non-glaucoma' to a `glaucoma' condition. We believe our work may have strong clinical implication for our understanding of glaucoma pathogenesis, and could be improved in the future to also predict future loss of vision.      
### 59.Image-Based Jet Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09719.pdf)
>  Image-based jet analysis is built upon the jet image representation of jets that enables a direct connection between high energy physics and the fields of computer vision and deep learning. Through this connection, a wide array of new jet analysis techniques have emerged. In this text, we survey jet image based classification models, built primarily on the use of convolutional neural networks, examine the methods to understand what these models have learned and what is their sensitivity to uncertainties, and review the recent successes in moving these models from phenomenological studies to real world application on experiments at the LHC. Beyond jet classification, several other applications of jet image based techniques, including energy estimation, pileup noise reduction, data generation, and anomaly detection, are discussed.      
### 60.Combating Mode Collapse in GAN training: An Empirical Analysis using Hessian Eigenvalues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09673.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) provide state-of-the-art results in image generation. However, despite being so powerful, they still remain very challenging to train. This is in particular caused by their highly non-convex optimization space leading to a number of instabilities. Among them, mode collapse stands out as one of the most daunting ones. This undesirable event occurs when the model can only fit a few modes of the data distribution, while ignoring the majority of them. In this work, we combat mode collapse using second-order gradient information. To do so, we analyse the loss surface through its Hessian eigenvalues, and show that mode collapse is related to the convergence towards sharp minima. In particular, we observe how the eigenvalues of the $G$ are directly correlated with the occurrence of mode collapse. Finally, motivated by these findings, we design a new optimization algorithm called nudged-Adam (NuGAN) that uses spectral information to overcome mode collapse, leading to empirically more stable convergence properties.      
### 61.Kernelized Classification in Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09607.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a kernelized classification layer for deep networks. Although conventional deep networks introduce an abundance of nonlinearity for representation (feature) learning, they almost universally use a linear classifier on the learned feature vectors. We introduce a nonlinear classification layer by using the kernel trick on the softmax cross-entropy loss function during training and the scorer function during testing. Furthermore, we study the choice of kernel functions one could use with this framework and show that the optimal kernel function for a given problem can be learned automatically within the deep network itself using the usual backpropagation and gradient descent methods. To this end, we exploit a classic mathematical result on the positive definite kernels on the unit n-sphere embedded in the (n+1)-dimensional Euclidean space. We show the usefulness of the proposed nonlinear classification layer on several vision datasets and tasks.      
### 62.Learned Block-based Hybrid Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09550.pdf)
>  Learned image compression based on neural networks have made huge progress thanks to its superiority in learning better representation through non-linear transformation. Different from traditional hybrid coding frameworks, that are commonly block-based, existing learned image codecs usually process the images in a full-resolution manner thus not supporting acceleration via parallelism and explicit prediction. Compared to learned image codecs, traditional hybrid coding frameworks are in general hand-crafted and lack the adaptability of being optimized according to heterogeneous metrics. Therefore, in order to collect their good qualities and offset their weakness, we explore a learned block-based hybrid image compression (LBHIC) framework, which achieves a win-win between coding performance and efficiency. Specifically, we introduce block partition and explicit learned predictive coding into learned image compression framework. Compared to prediction through linear weighting of neighbor pixels in traditional codecs, our contextual prediction module (CPM) is designed to better capture long-range correlations by utilizing the strip pooling to extract the most relevant information in neighboring latent space. Moreover, to alleviate blocking artifacts, we further propose a boundary-aware post-processing module (BPM) with the importance of edge taken into account. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed LBHIC codec outperforms state-of-the-art image compression methods in terms of both PSNR and MS-SSIM metrics and promises obvious time-saving.      
### 63.A new semi-supervised self-training method for lung cancer prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09472.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: Early detection of lung cancer is crucial as it has high mortality rate with patients commonly present with the disease at stage 3 and above. There are only relatively few methods that simultaneously detect and classify nodules from computed tomography (CT) scans. Furthermore, very few studies have used semi-supervised learning for lung cancer prediction. This study presents a complete end-to-end scheme to detect and classify lung nodules using the state-of-the-art Self-training with Noisy Student method on a comprehensive CT lung screening dataset of around 4,000 CT scans. <br>Methods: We used three datasets, namely LUNA16, LIDC and NLST, for this study. We first utilise a three-dimensional deep convolutional neural network model to detect lung nodules in the detection stage. The classification model known as Maxout Local-Global Network uses non-local networks to detect global features including shape features, residual blocks to detect local features including nodule texture, and a Maxout layer to detect nodule variations. We trained the first Self-training with Noisy Student model to predict lung cancer on the unlabelled NLST datasets. Then, we performed Mixup regularization to enhance our scheme and provide robustness to erroneous labels. <br>Results and Conclusions: Our new Mixup Maxout Local-Global network achieves an AUC of 0.87 on 2,005 completely independent testing scans from the NLST dataset. Our new scheme significantly outperformed the next highest performing method at the 5% significance level using DeLong's test (p = 0.0001). This study presents a new complete end-to-end scheme to predict lung cancer using Self-training with Noisy Student combined with Mixup regularization. On a completely independent dataset of 2,005 scans, we achieved state-of-the-art performance even with more images as compared to other methods.      
### 64.Joint Search of Data Augmentation Policies and Network Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09407.pdf)
>  The common pipeline of training deep neural networks consists of several building blocks such as data augmentation and network architecture selection. AutoML is a research field that aims at automatically designing those parts, but most methods explore each part independently because it is more challenging to simultaneously search all the parts. In this paper, we propose a joint optimization method for data augmentation policies and network architectures to bring more automation to the design of training pipeline. The core idea of our approach is to make the whole part differentiable. The proposed method combines differentiable methods for augmentation policy search and network architecture search to jointly optimize them in the end-to-end manner. The experimental results show our method achieves competitive or superior performance to the independently searched results.      
### 65.A Contrast Synthesized Thalamic Nuclei Segmentation Scheme using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09386.pdf)
>  Thalamic nuclei have been implicated in several neurological diseases. WMn-MPRAGE images have been shown to provide better intra-thalamic nuclear contrast compared to conventional MPRAGE images but the additional acquisition results in increased examination times. In this work, we investigated 3D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based techniques for thalamic nuclei parcellation from conventional MPRAGE images. Two 3D CNNs were developed and compared for thalamic nuclei parcellation using MPRAGE images: a) a native contrast segmentation (NCS) and b) a synthesized contrast segmentation (SCS) using WMn-MPRAGE images synthesized from MPRAGE images. We trained the two segmentation frameworks using MPRAGE images (n=35) and thalamic nuclei labels generated on WMn-MPRAGE images using a multi-atlas based parcellation technique. The segmentation accuracy and clinical utility were evaluated on a cohort comprising of healthy subjects and patients with alcohol use disorder (AUD) (n=45). The SCS network yielded higher Dice scores in the Medial geniculate nucleus (P=.003) and Centromedian nucleus (P=.01) with lower volume differences for Ventral anterior (P=.001) and Ventral posterior lateral (P=.01) nuclei when compared to the NCS network. A Bland-Altman analysis revealed tighter limits of agreement with lower coefficient of variation between true volumes and those predicted by the SCS network. The SCS network demonstrated a significant atrophy in Ventral lateral posterior nucleus in AUD patients compared to healthy age-matched controls (P=0.01), agreeing with previous studies on thalamic atrophy in alcoholism, whereas the NCS network showed spurious atrophy of the Ventral posterior lateral nucleus. CNN-based contrast synthesis prior to segmentation can provide fast and accurate thalamic nuclei segmentation from conventional MPRAGE images.      
### 66.On the Limitations of Denoising Strategies as Adversarial Defenses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09384.pdf)
>  As adversarial attacks against machine learning models have raised increasing concerns, many denoising-based defense approaches have been proposed. In this paper, we summarize and analyze the defense strategies in the form of symmetric transformation via data denoising and reconstruction (denoted as $F+$ inverse $F$, $F-IF$ Framework). In particular, we categorize these denoising strategies from three aspects (i.e. denoising in the spatial domain, frequency domain, and latent space, respectively). Typically, defense is performed on the entire adversarial example, both image and perturbation are modified, making it difficult to tell how it defends against the perturbations. To evaluate the robustness of these denoising strategies intuitively, we directly apply them to defend against adversarial noise itself (assuming we have obtained all of it), which saving us from sacrificing benign accuracy. Surprisingly, our experimental results show that even if most of the perturbations in each dimension is eliminated, it is still difficult to obtain satisfactory robustness. Based on the above findings and analyses, we propose the adaptive compression strategy for different frequency bands in the feature domain to improve the robustness. Our experiment results show that the adaptive compression strategies enable the model to better suppress adversarial perturbations, and improve robustness compared with existing denoising strategies.      
### 67.Clique: Spatiotemporal Object Re-identification at the City Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09329.pdf)
>  Object re-identification (ReID) is a key application of city-scale cameras. While classic ReID tasks are often considered as image retrieval, we treat them as spatiotemporal queries for locations and times in which the target object appeared. Spatiotemporal reID is challenged by the accuracy limitation in computer vision algorithms and the colossal videos from city cameras. We present Clique, a practical ReID engine that builds upon two new techniques: (1) Clique assesses target occurrences by clustering fuzzy object features extracted by ReID algorithms, with each cluster representing the general impression of a distinct object to be matched against the input; (2) to search in videos, Clique samples cameras to maximize the spatiotemporal coverage and incrementally adds cameras for processing on demand. Through evaluation on 25 hours of videos from 25 cameras, Clique reached a high accuracy of 0.87 (recall at 5) across 70 queries and runs at 830x of video realtime in achieving high accuracy.      
### 68.Simultaneous View and Feature Selection for Collaborative Multi-Robot Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09328.pdf)
>  Collaborative multi-robot perception provides multiple views of an environment, offering varying perspectives to collaboratively understand the environment even when individual robots have poor points of view or when occlusions are caused by obstacles. These multiple observations must be intelligently fused for accurate recognition, and relevant observations need to be selected in order to allow unnecessary robots to continue on to observe other targets. This research problem has not been well studied in the literature yet. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to collaborative multi-robot perception that simultaneously integrates view selection, feature selection, and object recognition into a unified regularized optimization formulation, which uses sparsity-inducing norms to identify the robots with the most representative views and the modalities with the most discriminative features. As our optimization formulation is hard to solve due to the introduced non-smooth norms, we implement a new iterative optimization algorithm, which is guaranteed to converge to the optimal solution. We evaluate our approach on multi-view benchmark datasets, a case-study in simulation, and on a physical multi-robot system. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach enables accurate object recognition and effective view selection as defined by mutual information.      
### 69.StarcNet: Machine Learning for Star Cluster Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09327.pdf)
>  We present a machine learning (ML) pipeline to identify star clusters in the multi{color images of nearby galaxies, from observations obtained with the Hubble Space Telescope as part of the Treasury Project LEGUS (Legacy ExtraGalactic Ultraviolet Survey). StarcNet (STAR Cluster classification NETwork) is a multi-scale convolutional neural network (CNN) which achieves an accuracy of 68.6% (4 classes)/86.0% (2 classes: cluster/non-cluster) for star cluster classification in the images of the LEGUS galaxies, nearly matching human expert performance. We test the performance of StarcNet by applying pre-trained CNN model to galaxies not included in the training set, finding accuracies similar to the reference one. We test the effect of StarcNet predictions on the inferred cluster properties by comparing multi-color luminosity functions and mass-age plots from catalogs produced by StarcNet and by human-labeling; distributions in luminosity, color, and physical characteristics of star clusters are similar for the human and ML classified samples. There are two advantages to the ML approach: (1) reproducibility of the classifications: the ML algorithm's biases are fixed and can be measured for subsequent analysis; and (2) speed of classification: the algorithm requires minutes for tasks that humans require weeks to months to perform. By achieving comparable accuracy to human classifiers, StarcNet will enable extending classifications to a larger number of candidate samples than currently available, thus increasing significantly the statistics for cluster studies.      
### 70.Spatial Context-Aware Self-Attention Model For Multi-Organ Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09279.pdf)
>  Multi-organ segmentation is one of most successful applications of deep learning in medical image analysis. Deep convolutional neural nets (CNNs) have shown great promise in achieving clinically applicable image segmentation performance on CT or MRI images. State-of-the-art CNN segmentation models apply either 2D or 3D convolutions on input images, with pros and cons associated with each method: 2D convolution is fast, less memory-intensive but inadequate for extracting 3D contextual information from volumetric images, while the opposite is true for 3D convolution. To fit a 3D CNN model on CT or MRI images on commodity GPUs, one usually has to either downsample input images or use cropped local regions as inputs, which limits the utility of 3D models for multi-organ segmentation. In this work, we propose a new framework for combining 3D and 2D models, in which the segmentation is realized through high-resolution 2D convolutions, but guided by spatial contextual information extracted from a low-resolution 3D model. We implement a self-attention mechanism to control which 3D features should be used to guide 2D segmentation. Our model is light on memory usage but fully equipped to take 3D contextual information into account. Experiments on multiple organ segmentation datasets demonstrate that by taking advantage of both 2D and 3D models, our method is consistently outperforms existing 2D and 3D models in organ segmentation accuracy, while being able to directly take raw whole-volume image data as inputs.      
### 71.Reduction in the complexity of 1D 1H-NMR spectra by the use of Frequency to Information Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09267.pdf)
>  Analysis of 1H-NMR spectra is often hindered by large variations that occur during the collection of these spectra. Large solvent and standard peaks, base line drift and negative peaks (due to improper phasing) are among some of these variations. Furthermore, some instrument dependent alterations, such as incorrect shimming, are also embedded in the recorded spectrum. The unpredictable nature of these alterations of the signal has rendered the automated and instrument independent computer analysis of these spectra unreliable. In this paper, a novel method of extracting the information content of a signal (in this paper, frequency domain 1H-NMR spectrum), called the frequency-information transformation (FIT), is presented and compared to a previously used method (SPUTNIK). FIT can successfully extract the relevant information to a pattern matching task present in a signal, while discarding the remainder of a signal by transforming a Fourier transformed signal into an information spectrum (IS). This technique exhibits the ability of decreasing the inter-class correlation coefficients while increasing the intra-class correlation coefficients. Different spectra of the same molecule, in other words, will resemble more to each other while the spectra of different molecules will look more different from each other. This feature allows easier automated identification and analysis of molecules based on their spectral signatures using computer algorithms.      
### 72.Transfer Learning Through Weighted Loss Function and Group Normalization for Vessel Segmentation from Retinal Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09250.pdf)
>  The vascular structure of blood vessels is important in diagnosing retinal conditions such as glaucoma and diabetic retinopathy. Accurate segmentation of these vessels can help in detecting retinal objects such as the optic disc and optic cup and hence determine if there are damages to these areas. Moreover, the structure of the vessels can help in diagnosing glaucoma. The rapid development of digital imaging and computer-vision techniques has increased the potential for developing approaches for segmenting retinal vessels. In this paper, we propose an approach for segmenting retinal vessels that uses deep learning along with transfer learning. We adapted the U-Net structure to use a customized InceptionV3 as the encoder and used multiple skip connections to form the decoder. Moreover, we used a weighted loss function to handle the issue of class imbalance in retinal images. Furthermore, we contributed a new dataset to this field. We tested our approach on six publicly available datasets and a newly created dataset. We achieved an average accuracy of 95.60% and a Dice coefficient of 80.98%. The results obtained from comprehensive experiments demonstrate the robustness of our approach to the segmentation of blood vessels in retinal images obtained from different sources. Our approach results in greater segmentation accuracy than other approaches.      
### 73.MELINDA: A Multimodal Dataset for Biomedical Experiment Method Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09216.pdf)
>  We introduce a new dataset, MELINDA, for Multimodal biomEdicaL experImeNt methoD clAssification. The dataset is collected in a fully automated distant supervision manner, where the labels are obtained from an existing curated database, and the actual contents are extracted from papers associated with each of the records in the database. We benchmark various state-of-the-art NLP and computer vision models, including unimodal models which only take either caption texts or images as inputs, and multimodal models. Extensive experiments and analysis show that multimodal models, despite outperforming unimodal ones, still need improvements especially on a less-supervised way of grounding visual concepts with languages, and better transferability to low resource domains. We release our dataset and the benchmarks to facilitate future research in multimodal learning, especially to motivate targeted improvements for applications in scientific domains.      
