# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 21 Dec 2020
### 1.PC-RGNN: Point Cloud Completion and Graph Neural Network for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10412.pdf)
>  LiDAR-based 3D object detection is an important task for autonomous driving and current approaches suffer from sparse and partial point clouds of distant and occluded objects. In this paper, we propose a novel two-stage approach, namely PC-RGNN, dealing with such challenges by two specific solutions. On the one hand, we introduce a point cloud completion module to recover high-quality proposals of dense points and entire views with original structures preserved. On the other hand, a graph neural network module is designed, which comprehensively captures relations among points through a local-global attention mechanism as well as multi-scale graph based context aggregation, substantially strengthening encoded features. Extensive experiments on the KITTI benchmark show that the proposed approach outperforms the previous state-of-the-art baselines by remarkable margins, highlighting its effectiveness.      
### 2.Learning Complex 3D Human Self-Contact  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10366.pdf)
>  Monocular estimation of three dimensional human self-contact is fundamental for detailed scene analysis including body language understanding and behaviour modeling. Existing 3d reconstruction methods do not focus on body regions in self-contact and consequently recover configurations that are either far from each other or self-intersecting, when they should just touch. This leads to perceptually incorrect estimates and limits impact in those very fine-grained analysis domains where detailed 3d models are expected to play an important role. To address such challenges we detect self-contact and design 3d losses to explicitly enforce it. Specifically, we develop a model for Self-Contact Prediction (SCP), that estimates the body surface signature of self-contact, leveraging the localization of self-contact in the image, during both training and inference. We collect two large datasets to support learning and evaluation: (1) HumanSC3D, an accurate 3d motion capture repository containing $1,032$ sequences with $5,058$ contact events and $1,246,487$ ground truth 3d poses synchronized with images collected from multiple views, and (2) FlickrSC3D, a repository of $3,969$ images, containing $25,297$ surface-to-surface correspondences with annotated image spatial support. We also illustrate how more expressive 3d reconstructions can be recovered under self-contact signature constraints and present monocular detection of face-touch as one of the multiple applications made possible by more accurate self-contact models.      
### 3.Assessing Pattern Recognition Performance of Neuronal Cultures through Accurate Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10355.pdf)
>  Previous work has shown that it is possible to train neuronal cultures on Multi-Electrode Arrays (MEAs), to recognize very simple patterns. However, this work was mainly focused to demonstrate that it is possible to induce plasticity in cultures, rather than performing a rigorous assessment of their pattern recognition performance. In this paper, we address this gap by developing a methodology that allows us to assess the performance of neuronal cultures on a learning task. Specifically, we propose a digital model of the real cultured neuronal networks; we identify biologically plausible simulation parameters that allow us to reliably reproduce the behavior of real cultures; we use the simulated culture to perform handwritten digit recognition and rigorously evaluate its performance; we also show that it is possible to find improved simulation parameters for the specific task, which can guide the creation of real cultures.      
### 4.Boosting Monocular Depth Estimation with Lightweight 3D Point Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10296.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of fusing monocular depth estimation with a conventional multi-view stereo or SLAM to exploit the best of both worlds, that is, the accurate dense depth of the first one and lightweightness of the second one. More specifically, we use a conventional pipeline to produce a sparse 3D point cloud that is fed to a monocular depth estimation network to enhance its performance. In this way, we can achieve accuracy similar to multi-view stereo with a considerably smaller number of weights. We also show that even as few as 32 points is sufficient to outperform the best monocular depth estimation methods, and around 200 points to gain full advantage of the additional information. Moreover, we demonstrate the efficacy of our approach by integrating it with a SLAM system built-in on mobile devices.      
### 5.Trying Bilinear Pooling in Video-QA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10285.pdf)
>  Bilinear pooling (BLP) refers to a family of operations recently developed for fusing features from different modalities predominantly developed for VQA models. A bilinear (outer-product) expansion is thought to encourage models to learn interactions between two feature spaces and has experimentally outperformed `simpler' vector operations (concatenation and element-wise-addition/multiplication) on VQA benchmarks. Successive BLP techniques have yielded higher performance with lower computational expense and are often implemented alongside attention mechanisms. However, despite significant progress in VQA, BLP methods have not been widely applied to more recently explored video question answering (video-QA) tasks. In this paper, we begin to bridge this research gap by applying BLP techniques to various video-QA benchmarks, namely: TVQA, TGIF-QA, Ego-VQA and MSVD-QA. We share our results on the TVQA baseline model, and the recently proposed heterogeneous-memory-enchanced multimodal attention (HME) model. Our experiments include both simply replacing feature concatenation in the existing models with BLP, and a modified version of the TVQA baseline to accommodate BLP we name the `dual-stream' model. We find that our relatively simple integration of BLP does not increase, and mostly harms, performance on these video-QA benchmarks. Using recently proposed theoretical multimodal fusion taxonomies, we offer insight into why BLP-driven performance gain for video-QA benchmarks may be more difficult to achieve than in earlier VQA models. We suggest a few additional `best-practices' to consider when applying BLP to video-QA. We stress that video-QA models should carefully consider where the complex representational potential from BLP is actually needed to avoid computational expense on `redundant' fusion.      
### 6.Temporal Bilinear Encoding Network of Audio-Visual Features at Low Sampling Rates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10283.pdf)
>  Current deep learning based video classification architectures are typically trained end-to-end on large volumes of data and require extensive computational resources. This paper aims to exploit audio-visual information in video classification with a 1 frame per second sampling rate. We propose Temporal Bilinear Encoding Networks (TBEN) for encoding both audio and visual long range temporal information using bilinear pooling and demonstrate bilinear pooling is better than average pooling on the temporal dimension for videos with low sampling rate. We also embed the label hierarchy in TBEN to further improve the robustness of the classifier. Experiments on the FGA240 fine-grained classification dataset using TBEN achieve a new state-of-the-art (hit@1=47.95%). We also exploit the possibility of incorporating TBEN with multiple decoupled modalities like visual semantic and motion features: experiments on UCF101 sampled at 1 FPS achieve close to state-of-the-art accuracy (hit@1=91.03%) while requiring significantly less computational resources than competing approaches for both training and prediction.      
### 7.SegGroup: Seg-Level Supervision for 3D Instance and Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10217.pdf)
>  Most existing point cloud instance and semantic segmentation methods heavily rely on strong supervision signals, which require point-level labels for every point in the scene. However, strong supervision suffers from large annotation cost, arousing the need to study efficient annotating. In this paper, we propose a new form of weak supervision signal, namely seg-level labels, for point cloud instance and semantic segmentation. Based on the widely-used over-segmentation as pre-processor, we only annotate one point for each instance to obtain seg-level labels. We further design a segment grouping network (SegGroup) to generate pseudo point-level labels by hierarchically grouping the unlabeled segments into the relevant nearby labeled segments, so that existing methods can directly consume the pseudo labels for training. Experimental results show that our SegGroup achieves comparable results with the fully annotated point-level supervised methods on both point cloud instance and semantic segmentation tasks and outperforms the recent scene-level and subcloud-level supervised methods significantly.      
### 8.On Modality Bias in the TVQA Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10210.pdf)
>  TVQA is a large scale video question answering (video-QA) dataset based on popular TV shows. The questions were specifically designed to require "both vision and language understanding to answer". In this work, we demonstrate an inherent bias in the dataset towards the textual subtitle modality. We infer said bias both directly and indirectly, notably finding that models trained with subtitles learn, on-average, to suppress video feature contribution. Our results demonstrate that models trained on only the visual information can answer ~45% of the questions, while using only the subtitles achieves ~68%. We find that a bilinear pooling based joint representation of modalities damages model performance by 9% implying a reliance on modality specific information. We also show that TVQA fails to benefit from the RUBi modality bias reduction technique popularised in VQA. By simply improving text processing using BERT embeddings with the simple model first proposed for TVQA, we achieve state-of-the-art results (72.13%) compared to the highly complex STAGE model (70.50%). We recommend a multimodal evaluation framework that can highlight biases in models and isolate visual and textual reliant subsets of data. Using this framework we propose subsets of TVQA that respond exclusively to either or both modalities in order to facilitate multimodal modelling as TVQA originally intended.      
### 9.LGENet: Local and Global Encoder Network for Semantic Segmentation of Airborne Laser Scanning Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10192.pdf)
>  Interpretation of Airborne Laser Scanning (ALS) point clouds is a critical procedure for producing various geo-information products like 3D city models, digital terrain models and land use maps. In this paper, we present a local and global encoder network (LGENet) for semantic segmentation of ALS point clouds. Adapting the KPConv network, we first extract features by both 2D and 3D point convolutions to allow the network to learn more representative local geometry. Then global encoders are used in the network to exploit contextual information at the object and point level. We design a segment-based Edge Conditioned Convolution to encode the global context between segments. We apply a spatial-channel attention module at the end of the network, which not only captures the global interdependencies between points but also models interactions between channels. We evaluate our method on two ALS datasets namely, the ISPRS benchmark dataset and DCF2019 dataset. For the ISPRS benchmark dataset, our model achieves state-of-the-art results with an overall accuracy of 0.845 and an average F1 score of 0.737. With regards to the DFC2019 dataset, our proposed network achieves an overall accuracy of 0.984 and an average F1 score of 0.834.      
### 10.STNet: Scale Tree Network with Multi-level Auxiliator for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10189.pdf)
>  Crowd counting remains a challenging task because the presence of drastic scale variation, density inconsistency, and complex background can seriously degrade the counting accuracy. To battle the ingrained issue of accuracy degradation, we propose a novel and powerful network called Scale Tree Network (STNet) for accurate crowd counting. STNet consists of two key components: a Scale-Tree Diversity Enhancer and a Semi-supervised Multi-level Auxiliator. Specifically, the Diversity Enhancer is designed to enrich scale diversity, which alleviates limitations of existing methods caused by insufficient level of scales. A novel tree structure is adopted to hierarchically parse coarse-to-fine crowd regions. Furthermore, a simple yet effective Multi-level Auxiliator is presented to aid in exploiting generalisable shared characteristics at multiple levels, allowing more accurate pixel-wise background cognition. The overall STNet is trained in an end-to-end manner, without the needs for manually tuning loss weights between the main and the auxiliary tasks. Extensive experiments on four challenging crowd datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method.      
### 11.A Holistically-Guided Decoder for Deep Representation Learning with Applications to Semantic Segmentation and Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10162.pdf)
>  Both high-level and high-resolution feature representations are of great importance in various visual understanding tasks. To acquire high-resolution feature maps with high-level semantic information, one common strategy is to adopt dilated convolutions in the backbone networks to extract high-resolution feature maps, such as the dilatedFCN-based methods for semantic segmentation. However, due to many convolution operations are conducted on the high-resolution feature maps, such methods have large computational complexity and memory consumption. In this paper, we propose one novel holistically-guided decoder which is introduced to obtain the high-resolution semantic-rich feature maps via the multi-scale features from the encoder. The decoding is achieved via novel holistic codeword generation and codeword assembly operations, which take advantages of both the high-level and low-level features from the encoder features. With the proposed holistically-guided decoder, we implement the EfficientFCN architecture for semantic segmentation and HGD-FPN for object detection and instance segmentation. The EfficientFCN achieves comparable or even better performance than state-of-the-art methods with only 1/3 of their computational costs for semantic segmentation on PASCAL Context, PASCAL VOC, ADE20K datasets. Meanwhile, the proposed HGD-FPN achieves $&gt;2\%$ higher mean Average Precision (mAP) when integrated into several object detection frameworks with ResNet-50 encoding backbones.      
### 12.SCNet: Training Inference Sample Consistency for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10150.pdf)
>  Cascaded architectures have brought significant performance improvement in object detection and instance segmentation. However, there are lingering issues regarding the disparity in the Intersection-over-Union (IoU) distribution of the samples between training and inference. This disparity can potentially exacerbate detection accuracy. This paper proposes an architecture referred to as Sample Consistency Network (SCNet) to ensure that the IoU distribution of the samples at training time is close to that at inference time. Furthermore, SCNet incorporates feature relay and utilizes global contextual information to further reinforce the reciprocal relationships among classifying, detecting, and segmenting sub-tasks. Extensive experiments on the standard COCO dataset reveal the effectiveness of the proposed method over multiple evaluation metrics, including box AP, mask AP, and inference speed. In particular, while running 38\% faster, the proposed SCNet improves the AP of the box and mask predictions by respectively 1.3 and 2.3 points compared to the strong Cascade Mask R-CNN baseline. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/thangvubk/SCNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 13.CodeVIO: Visual-Inertial Odometry with Learned Optimizable Dense Depth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10133.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a lightweight, tightly-coupled deep depth network and visual-inertial odometry (VIO) system, which can provide accurate state estimates and dense depth maps of the immediate surroundings. Leveraging the proposed lightweight Conditional Variational Autoencoder (CVAE) for depth inference and encoding, we provide the network with previously marginalized sparse features from VIO to increase the accuracy of initial depth prediction and generalization capability. The compact encoded depth maps are then updated jointly with navigation states in a sliding window estimator in order to provide the dense local scene geometry. We additionally propose a novel method to obtain the CVAE's Jacobian which is shown to be more than an order of magnitude faster than previous works, and we additionally leverage First-Estimate Jacobian (FEJ) to avoid recalculation. As opposed to previous works relying on completely dense residuals, we propose to only provide sparse measurements to update the depth code and show through careful experimentation that our choice of sparse measurements and FEJs can still significantly improve the estimated depth maps. Our full system also exhibits state-of-the-art pose estimation accuracy, and we show that it can run in real-time with single-thread execution while utilizing GPU acceleration only for the network and code Jacobian.      
### 14.Hyperspectral Image Semantic Segmentation in Cityscapes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10122.pdf)
>  High-resolution hyperspectral images (HSIs) contain the response of each pixel in different spectral bands, which can be used to effectively distinguish various objects in complex scenes. While HSI cameras have become low cost, algorithms based on it has not been well exploited. In this paper, we focus on a novel topic, semi-supervised semantic segmentation in cityscapes using <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://HSIs.It" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> is based on the idea that high-resolution HSIs in city scenes contain rich spectral information, which can be easily associated to semantics without manual labeling. Therefore, it enables low cost, highly reliable semantic segmentation in complex scenes.Specifically, in this paper, we introduce a semi-supervised HSI semantic segmentation network, which utilizes spectral information to improve the coarse labels to a finer degree.The experimental results show that our method can obtain highly competitive labels and even have higher edge fineness than artificial fine labels in some classes. At the same time, the results also show that the optimized labels can effectively improve the effect of semantic segmentation. The combination of HSIs and semantic segmentation proves that HSIs have great potential in high-level visual tasks.      
### 15.Frequency Consistent Adaptation for Real World Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10102.pdf)
>  Recent deep-learning based Super-Resolution (SR) methods have achieved remarkable performance on images with known degradation. However, these methods always fail in real-world scene, since the Low-Resolution (LR) images after the ideal degradation (e.g., bicubic down-sampling) deviate from real source domain. The domain gap between the LR images and the real-world images can be observed clearly on frequency density, which inspires us to explictly narrow the undesired gap caused by incorrect degradation. From this point of view, we design a novel Frequency Consistent Adaptation (FCA) that ensures the frequency domain consistency when applying existing SR methods to the real scene. We estimate degradation kernels from unsupervised images and generate the corresponding LR images. To provide useful gradient information for kernel estimation, we propose Frequency Density Comparator (FDC) by distinguishing the frequency density of images on different scales. Based on the domain-consistent LR-HR pairs, we train easy-implemented Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) SR models. Extensive experiments show that the proposed FCA improves the performance of the SR model under real-world setting achieving state-of-the-art results with high fidelity and plausible perception, thus providing a novel effective framework for real-world SR application.      
### 16.AU-Guided Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10078.pdf)
>  The domain diversities including inconsistent annotation and varied image collection conditions inevitably exist among different facial expression recognition (FER) datasets, which pose an evident challenge for adapting the FER model trained on one dataset to another one. Recent works mainly focus on domain-invariant deep feature learning with adversarial learning mechanism, ignoring the sibling facial action unit (AU) detection task which has obtained great progress. Considering AUs objectively determine facial expressions, this paper proposes an AU-guided unsupervised Domain Adaptive FER (AdaFER) framework. In AdaFER, we first leverage an advanced model for AU detection on both source and target domain. Then, we compare the AU results to perform AU-guided annotating, i.e., target faces that own the same AUs with source faces would inherit the labels from source domain. Meanwhile, to achieve domain-invariant compact features, we utilize an AU-guided triplet training which randomly collects anchor-positive-negative triplets on both domains with AUs. We conduct extensive experiments on several popular benchmarks and show that AdaFER achieves state-of-the-art results on all the benchmarks.      
### 17.TDN: Temporal Difference Networks for Efficient Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10071.pdf)
>  Temporal modeling still remains challenging for action recognition in videos. To mitigate this issue, this paper presents a new video architecture, termed as Temporal Difference Network (TDN), with a focus on capturing multi-scale temporal information for efficient action recognition. The core of our TDN is to devise an efficient temporal module (TDM) by explicitly leveraging a temporal difference operator, and systematically assess its effect on short-term and long-term motion modeling. To fully capture temporal information over the entire video, our TDN is established with a two-level difference modeling paradigm. Specifically, for local motion modeling, temporal difference over consecutive frames is used to supply 2D CNNs with finer motion pattern, while for global motion modeling, temporal difference across segments is incorporated to capture long-range structure for motion feature excitation. TDN provides a simple and principled temporal modeling framework and could be instantiated with the existing CNNs at a small extra computational cost. Our TDN presents a new state of the art on the Something-Something V1 and V2 datasets and is on par with the best performance on the Kinetics-400 dataset. In addition, we conduct in-depth ablation studies and plot the visualization results of our TDN, hopefully providing insightful analysis on temporal difference operation. We release the code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MCG-NJU/TDN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.PointINet: Point Cloud Frame Interpolation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10066.pdf)
>  LiDAR point cloud streams are usually sparse in time dimension, which is limited by hardware performance. Generally, the frame rates of mechanical LiDAR sensors are 10 to 20 Hz, which is much lower than other commonly used sensors like cameras. To overcome the temporal limitations of LiDAR sensors, a novel task named Point Cloud Frame Interpolation is studied in this paper. Given two consecutive point cloud frames, Point Cloud Frame Interpolation aims to generate intermediate frame(s) between them. To achieve that, we propose a novel framework, namely Point Cloud Frame Interpolation Network (PointINet). Based on the proposed method, the low frame rate point cloud streams can be upsampled to higher frame rates. We start by estimating bi-directional 3D scene flow between the two point clouds and then warp them to the given time step based on the 3D scene flow. To fuse the two warped frames and generate intermediate point cloud(s), we propose a novel learning-based points fusion module, which simultaneously takes two warped point clouds into consideration. We design both quantitative and qualitative experiments to evaluate the performance of the point cloud frame interpolation method and extensive experiments on two large scale outdoor LiDAR datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed PointINet. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ispc-lab/PointINet.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Content Masked Loss: Human-Like Brush Stroke Planning in a Reinforcement Learning Painting Agent  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10043.pdf)
>  The objective of most Reinforcement Learning painting agents is to minimize the loss between a target image and the paint canvas. Human painter artistry emphasizes important features of the target image rather than simply reproducing it (DiPaola 2007). Using adversarial or L2 losses in the RL painting models, although its final output is generally a work of finesse, produces a stroke sequence that is vastly different from that which a human would produce since the model does not have knowledge about the abstract features in the target image. In order to increase the human-like planning of the model without the use of expensive human data, we introduce a new loss function for use with the model's reward function: Content Masked Loss. In the context of robot painting, Content Masked Loss employs an object detection model to extract features which are used to assign higher weight to regions of the canvas that a human would find important for recognizing content. The results, based on 332 human evaluators, show that the digital paintings produced by our Content Masked model show detectable subject matter earlier in the stroke sequence than existing methods without compromising on the quality of the final painting.      
### 20.3D Object Classification on Partial Point Clouds: A Practical Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10042.pdf)
>  A point cloud is a popular shape representation adopted in 3D object classification, which covers the whole surface of an object and is usually well aligned. However, such an assumption can be invalid in practice, as point clouds collected in real-world scenarios are typically scanned from visible object parts observed under arbitrary SO(3) viewpoint, which are thus incomplete due to self and inter-object occlusion. In light of this, this paper introduces a practical setting to classify partial point clouds of object instances under any poses. Compared to the classification of complete object point clouds, such a problem is made more challenging in view of geometric similarities of local shape across object classes and intra-class dissimilarities of geometries restricted by their observation view. We consider that specifying the location of partial point clouds on their object surface is essential to alleviate suffering from the aforementioned challenges, which can be solved via an auxiliary task of 6D object pose estimation. To this end, a novel algorithm in an alignment-classification manner is proposed in this paper, which consists of an alignment module predicting object pose for the rigid transformation of visible point clouds to their canonical pose and a typical point classifier such as PointNet++ and DGCNN. Experiment results on the popular ModelNet40 and ScanNet datasets, which are adapted to a single-view partial setting, demonstrate the proposed method can outperform three alternative schemes extended from representative point cloud classifiers for complete point clouds.      
### 21.Self-supervised Learning with Fully Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10017.pdf)
>  Although deep learning based methods have achieved great success in many computer vision tasks, their performance relies on a large number of densely annotated samples that are typically difficult to obtain. In this paper, we focus on the problem of learning representation from unlabeled data for semantic segmentation. Inspired by two patch-based methods, we develop a novel self-supervised learning framework by formulating the Jigsaw Puzzle problem as a patch-wise classification process and solving it with a fully convolutional network. By learning to solve a Jigsaw Puzzle problem with 25 patches and transferring the learned features to semantic segmentation task on Cityscapes dataset, we achieve a 5.8 percentage point improvement over the baseline model that initialized from random values. Moreover, experiments show that our self-supervised learning method can be applied to different datasets and models. In particular, we achieved competitive performance with the state-of-the-art methods on the PASCAL VOC2012 dataset using significant fewer training images.      
### 22.Flow-based Generative Models for Learning Manifold to Manifold Mappings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10013.pdf)
>  Many measurements or observations in computer vision and machine learning manifest as non-Euclidean data. While recent proposals (like spherical CNN) have extended a number of deep neural network architectures to manifold-valued data, and this has often provided strong improvements in performance, the literature on generative models for manifold data is quite sparse. Partly due to this gap, there are also no modality transfer/translation models for manifold-valued data whereas numerous such methods based on generative models are available for natural images. This paper addresses this gap, motivated by a need in brain imaging -- in doing so, we expand the operating range of certain generative models (as well as generative models for modality transfer) from natural images to images with manifold-valued measurements. Our main result is the design of a two-stream version of GLOW (flow-based invertible generative models) that can synthesize information of a field of one type of manifold-valued measurements given another. On the theoretical side, we introduce three kinds of invertible layers for manifold-valued data, which are not only analogous to their functionality in flow-based generative models (e.g., GLOW) but also preserve the key benefits (determinants of the Jacobian are easy to calculate). For experiments, on a large dataset from the Human Connectome Project (HCP), we show promising results where we can reliably and accurately reconstruct brain images of a field of orientation distribution functions (ODF) from diffusion tensor images (DTI), where the latter has a $5\times$ faster acquisition time but at the expense of worse angular resolution.      
### 23.Objectron: A Large Scale Dataset of Object-Centric Videos in the Wild with Pose Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09988.pdf)
>  3D object detection has recently become popular due to many applications in robotics, augmented reality, autonomy, and image retrieval. We introduce the Objectron dataset to advance the state of the art in 3D object detection and foster new research and applications, such as 3D object tracking, view synthesis, and improved 3D shape representation. The dataset contains object-centric short videos with pose annotations for nine categories and includes 4 million annotated images in 14,819 annotated videos. We also propose a new evaluation metric, 3D Intersection over Union, for 3D object detection. We demonstrate the usefulness of our dataset in 3D object detection tasks by providing baseline models trained on this dataset. Our dataset and evaluation source code are available online at http://www.objectron.dev      
### 24.Relightable 3D Head Portraits from a Smartphone Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09963.pdf)
>  In this work, a system for creating a relightable 3D portrait of a human head is presented. Our neural pipeline operates on a sequence of frames captured by a smartphone camera with the flash blinking (flash-no flash sequence). A coarse point cloud reconstructed via structure-from-motion software and multi-view denoising is then used as a geometric proxy. Afterwards, a deep rendering network is trained to regress dense albedo, normals, and environmental lighting maps for arbitrary new viewpoints. Effectively, the proxy geometry and the rendering network constitute a relightable 3D portrait model, that can be synthesized from an arbitrary viewpoint and under arbitrary lighting, e.g. directional light, point light, or an environment map. The model is fitted to the sequence of frames with human face-specific priors that enforce the plausibility of albedo-lighting decomposition and operates at the interactive frame rate. We evaluate the performance of the method under varying lighting conditions and at the extrapolated viewpoints and compare with existing relighting methods.      
### 25.Toward Transformer-Based Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09958.pdf)
>  Transformers have become the dominant model in natural language processing, owing to their ability to pretrain on massive amounts of data, then transfer to smaller, more specific tasks via fine-tuning. The Vision Transformer was the first major attempt to apply a pure transformer model directly to images as input, demonstrating that as compared to convolutional networks, transformer-based architectures can achieve competitive results on benchmark classification tasks. However, the computational complexity of the attention operator means that we are limited to low-resolution inputs. For more complex tasks such as detection or segmentation, maintaining a high input resolution is crucial to ensure that models can properly identify and reflect fine details in their output. This naturally raises the question of whether or not transformer-based architectures such as the Vision Transformer are capable of performing tasks other than classification. In this paper, we determine that Vision Transformers can be used as a backbone by a common detection task head to produce competitive COCO results. The model that we propose, ViT-FRCNN, demonstrates several known properties associated with transformers, including large pretraining capacity and fast fine-tuning performance. We also investigate improvements over a standard detection backbone, including superior performance on out-of-domain images, better performance on large objects, and a lessened reliance on non-maximum suppression. We view ViT-FRCNN as an important stepping stone toward a pure-transformer solution of complex vision tasks such as object detection.      
### 26.Learning Compositional Radiance Fields of Dynamic Human Heads  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09955.pdf)
>  Photorealistic rendering of dynamic humans is an important ability for telepresence systems, virtual shopping, synthetic data generation, and more. Recently, neural rendering methods, which combine techniques from computer graphics and machine learning, have created high-fidelity models of humans and objects. Some of these methods do not produce results with high-enough fidelity for driveable human models (Neural Volumes) whereas others have extremely long rendering times (NeRF). We propose a novel compositional 3D representation that combines the best of previous methods to produce both higher-resolution and faster results. Our representation bridges the gap between discrete and continuous volumetric representations by combining a coarse 3D-structure-aware grid of animation codes with a continuous learned scene function that maps every position and its corresponding local animation code to its view-dependent emitted radiance and local volume density. Differentiable volume rendering is employed to compute photo-realistic novel views of the human head and upper body as well as to train our novel representation end-to-end using only 2D supervision. In addition, we show that the learned dynamic radiance field can be used to synthesize novel unseen expressions based on a global animation code. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art results for synthesizing novel views of dynamic human heads and the upper body.      
### 27.Attention-based Image Upsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09904.pdf)
>  Convolutional layers are an integral part of many deep neural network solutions in computer vision. Recent work shows that replacing the standard convolution operation with mechanisms based on self-attention leads to improved performance on image classification and object detection tasks. In this work, we show how attention mechanisms can be used to replace another canonical operation: strided transposed convolution. We term our novel attention-based operation attention-based upsampling since it increases/upsamples the spatial dimensions of the feature maps. Through experiments on single image super-resolution and joint-image upsampling tasks, we show that attention-based upsampling consistently outperforms traditional upsampling methods based on strided transposed convolution or based on adaptive filters while using fewer parameters. We show that the inherent flexibility of the attention mechanism, which allows it to use separate sources for calculating the attention coefficients and the attention targets, makes attention-based upsampling a natural choice when fusing information from multiple image modalities.      
### 28.Exploring Motion Boundaries in an End-to-End Network for Vision-based Parkinson's Severity Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09890.pdf)
>  Evaluating neurological disorders such as Parkinson's disease (PD) is a challenging task that requires the assessment of several motor and non-motor functions. In this paper, we present an end-to-end deep learning framework to measure PD severity in two important components, hand movement and gait, of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). Our method leverages on an Inflated 3D CNN trained by a temporal segment framework to learn spatial and long temporal structure in video data. We also deploy a temporal attention mechanism to boost the performance of our model. Further, motion boundaries are explored as an extra input modality to assist in obfuscating the effects of camera motion for better movement assessment. We ablate the effects of different data modalities on the accuracy of the proposed network and compare with other popular architectures. We evaluate our proposed method on a dataset of 25 PD patients, obtaining 72.3% and 77.1% top-1 accuracy on hand movement and gait tasks respectively.      
### 29.Object Detection based on OcSaFPN in Aerial Images with Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09859.pdf)
>  Taking the deep learning-based algorithms into account has become a crucial way to boost object detection performance in aerial images. While various neural network representations have been developed, previous works are still inefficient to investigate the noise-resilient performance, especially on aerial images with noise taken by the cameras with telephoto lenses, and most of the research is concentrated in the field of denoising. Of course, denoising usually requires an additional computational burden to obtain higher quality images, while noise-resilient is more of a description of the robustness of the network itself to different noises, which is an attribute of the algorithm itself. For this reason, the work will be started by analyzing the noise-resilient performance of the neural network, and then propose two hypotheses to build a noise-resilient structure. Based on these hypotheses, we compare the noise-resilient ability of the Oct-ResNet with frequency division processing and the commonly used ResNet. In addition, previous feature pyramid networks used for aerial object detection tasks are not specifically designed for the frequency division feature maps of the Oct-ResNet, and they usually lack attention to bridging the semantic gap between diverse feature maps from different depths. On the basis of this, a novel octave convolution-based semantic attention feature pyramid network (OcSaFPN) is proposed to get higher accuracy in object detection with noise. The proposed algorithm tested on three datasets demonstrates that the proposed OcSaFPN achieves a state-of-the-art detection performance with Gaussian noise or multiplicative noise. In addition, more experiments have proved that the OcSaFPN structure can be easily added to existing algorithms, and the noise-resilient ability can be effectively improved.      
### 30.Separation and Concentration in Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10424.pdf)
>  Numerical experiments demonstrate that deep neural network classifiers progressively separate class distributions around their mean, achieving linear separability on the training set, and increasing the Fisher discriminant ratio. We explain this mechanism with two types of operators. We prove that a rectifier without biases applied to sign-invariant tight frames can separate class means and increase Fisher ratios. On the opposite, a soft-thresholding on tight frames can reduce within-class variabilities while preserving class means. Variance reduction bounds are proved for Gaussian mixture models. For image classification, we show that separation of class means can be achieved with rectified wavelet tight frames that are not learned. It defines a scattering transform. Learning $1 \times 1$ convolutional tight frames along scattering channels and applying a soft-thresholding reduces within-class variabilities. The resulting scattering network reaches the classification accuracy of ResNet-18 on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet, with fewer layers and no learned biases.      
### 31.Improving 3D convolutional neural network comprehensibility via interactive visualization of relevance maps: Evaluation in Alzheimer's disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10294.pdf)
>  Although convolutional neural networks (CNN) achieve high diagnostic accuracy for detecting Alzheimer's disease (AD) dementia based on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans, they are not yet applied in clinical routine. One important reason for this is a lack of model comprehensibility. Recently developed visualization methods for deriving CNN relevance maps may help to fill this gap. We investigated whether models with higher accuracy also rely more on discriminative brain regions predefined by prior knowledge. We trained a CNN for the detection of AD in N=663 T1-weighted MRI scans of patients with dementia and amnestic mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and verified the accuracy of the models via cross-validation and in three independent samples including N=1655 cases. We evaluated the association of relevance scores and hippocampus volume to validate the clinical utility of this approach. To improve model comprehensibility, we implemented an interactive visualization of 3D CNN relevance maps. Across three independent datasets, group separation showed high accuracy for AD dementia vs. controls (AUC$\geq$0.92) and moderate accuracy for MCI vs. controls (AUC$\approx$0.75). Relevance maps indicated that hippocampal atrophy was considered as the most informative factor for AD detection, with additional contributions from atrophy in other cortical and subcortical regions. Relevance scores within the hippocampus were highly correlated with hippocampal volumes (Pearson's r$\approx$-0.81). The relevance maps highlighted atrophy in regions that we had hypothesized a priori. This strengthens the comprehensibility of the CNN models, which were trained in a purely data-driven manner based on the scans and diagnosis labels. The high hippocampus relevance scores and high performance achieved in independent samples support the validity of the CNN models in the detection of AD-related MRI abnormalities.      
### 32.Multimodal Transfer Learning-based Approaches for Retinal Vascular Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10160.pdf)
>  In ophthalmology, the study of the retinal microcirculation is a key issue in the analysis of many ocular and systemic diseases, like hypertension or diabetes. This motivates the research on improving the retinal vasculature segmentation. Nowadays, Fully Convolutional Neural Networks (FCNs) usually represent the most successful approach to image segmentation. However, the success of these models is conditioned by an adequate selection and adaptation of the architectures and techniques used, as well as the availability of a large amount of annotated data. These two issues become specially relevant when applying FCNs to medical image segmentation as, first, the existent models are usually adjusted from broad domain applications over photographic images, and second, the amount of annotated data is usually scarcer. In this work, we present multimodal transfer learning-based approaches for retinal vascular segmentation, performing a comparative study of recent FCN architectures. In particular, to overcome the annotated data scarcity, we propose the novel application of self-supervised network pretraining that takes advantage of existent unlabelled multimodal data. The results demonstrate that the self-supervised pretrained networks obtain significantly better vascular masks with less training in the target task, independently of the network architecture, and that some FCN architecture advances motivated for broad domain applications do not translate into significant improvements over the vasculature segmentation task.      
### 33.Spectral Reflectance Estimation Using Projector with Unknown Spectral Power Distribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10083.pdf)
>  A lighting-based multispectral imaging system using an RGB camera and a projector is one of the most practical and low-cost systems to acquire multispectral observations for estimating the scene's spectral reflectance information. However, existing projector-based systems assume that the spectral power distribution (SPD) of each projector primary is known, which requires additional equipment such as a spectrometer to measure the SPD. In this paper, we present a method for jointly estimating the spectral reflectance and the SPD of each projector primary. In addition to adopting a common spectral reflectance basis model, we model the projector's SPD by a low-dimensional model using basis functions obtained by a newly collected projector's SPD database. Then, the spectral reflectances and the projector's SPDs are alternatively estimated based on the basis models. We experimentally show the performance of our joint estimation using a different number of projected illuminations and investigate the potential of the spectral reflectance estimation using a projector with unknown SPD.      
### 34.A Surrogate Lagrangian Relaxation-based Model Compression for Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.10079.pdf)
>  Network pruning is a widely used technique to reduce computation cost and model size for deep neural networks. However, the typical three-stage pipeline, i.e., training, pruning and retraining (fine-tuning) significantly increases the overall training trails. For instance, the retraining process could take up to 80 epochs for ResNet-18 on ImageNet, that is 70% of the original model training trails. In this paper, we develop a systematic weight-pruning optimization approach based on Surrogate Lagrangian relaxation (SLR), which is tailored to overcome difficulties caused by the discrete nature of the weight-pruning problem while ensuring fast convergence. We decompose the weight-pruning problem into subproblems, which are coordinated by updating Lagrangian multipliers. Convergence is then accelerated by using quadratic penalty terms. We evaluate the proposed method on image classification tasks, i.e., ResNet-18, ResNet-50 and VGG-16 using ImageNet and CIFAR-10, as well as object detection tasks, i.e., YOLOv3 and YOLOv3-tiny using COCO 2014, PointPillars using KITTI 2017, and Ultra-Fast-Lane-Detection using TuSimple lane detection dataset. Numerical testing results demonstrate that with the adoption of the Surrogate Lagrangian Relaxation method, our SLR-based weight-pruning optimization approach achieves a high model accuracy even at the hard-pruning stage without retraining for many epochs, such as on PointPillars object detection model on KITTI dataset where we achieve 9.44x compression rate by only retraining for 3 epochs with less than 1% accuracy loss. As the compression rate increases, SLR starts to perform better than ADMM and the accuracy gap between them increases. SLR achieves 15.2% better accuracy than ADMM on PointPillars after pruning under 9.49x compression. Given a limited budget of retraining epochs, our approach quickly recovers the model accuracy.      
### 35.Information-Preserving Contrastive Learning for Self-Supervised Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09962.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning is very effective at learning useful representations without supervision. Yet contrastive learning has its limitations. It can learn a shortcut that is irrelevant to the downstream task, and discard relevant information. Past work has addressed this limitation via custom data augmentations that eliminate the shortcut. This solution however does not work for data modalities that are not interpretable by humans, e.g., radio signals. For such modalities, it is hard for a human to guess which shortcuts may exist in the signal, or how to alter the radio signals to eliminate the shortcuts. Even for visual data, sometimes eliminating the shortcut may be undesirable. The shortcut may be irrelevant to one downstream task but important to another. In this case, it is desirable to learn a representation that captures both the shortcut information and the information relevant to the other downstream task. This paper presents information-preserving contrastive learning (IPCL), a new framework for unsupervised representation learning that preserves relevant information even in the presence of shortcuts. We empirically show that IPCL addresses the above problems and outperforms contrastive learning on radio signals and learning RGB data representation with different features that support different downstream tasks.      
### 36.Treadmill Assisted Gait Spoofing (TAGS): An Emerging Threat to wearable Sensor-based Gait Authentication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09950.pdf)
>  In this work, we examine the impact of Treadmill Assisted Gait Spoofing (TAGS) on Wearable Sensor-based Gait Authentication (WSGait). We consider more realistic implementation and deployment scenarios than the previous study, which focused only on the accelerometer sensor and a fixed set of features. Specifically, we consider the situations in which the implementation of WSGait could be using one or more sensors embedded into modern smartphones. Besides, it could be using different sets of features or different classification algorithms, or both. Despite the use of a variety of sensors, feature sets (ranked by mutual information), and six different classification algorithms, TAGS was able to increase the average False Accept Rate (FAR) from 4% to 26%. Such a considerable increase in the average FAR, especially under the stringent implementation and deployment scenarios considered in this study, calls for a further investigation into the design of evaluations of WSGait before its deployment for public use.      
### 37.Fast 3-dimensional estimation of the Foveal Avascular Zone from OCTA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.09945.pdf)
>  The area of the foveal avascular zone (FAZ) from en face images of optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA) is one of the most common measurement based on this technology. However, its use in clinic is limited by the high variation of the FAZ area across normal subjects, while the calculation of the volumetric measurement of the FAZ is limited by the high noise that characterizes OCTA scans. We designed an algorithm that exploits the higher signal-to-noise ratio of en face images to efficiently identify the capillary network of the inner retina in 3-dimensions (3D), under the assumption that the capillaries in separate plexuses do not overlap. The network is then processed with morphological operations to identify the 3D FAZ within the bounding segmentations of the inner retina. The FAZ volume and area in different plexuses were calculated for a dataset of 430 eyes. Then, the measurements were analyzed using linear mixed effect models to identify differences between three groups of eyes: healthy, diabetic without diabetic retinopathy (DR) and diabetic with DR. Results showed significant differences in the FAZ volume between the different groups but not in the area measurements. These results suggest that volumetric FAZ could be a better diagnostic detector than the planar FAZ. The efficient methodology that we introduced could allow the fast calculation of the FAZ volume in clinics, as well as providing the 3D segmentation of the capillary network of the inner retina.      
