# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 2 Dec 2020
### 1.GLEAN: Generative Latent Bank for Large-Factor Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00739.pdf)
>  We show that pre-trained Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), e.g., StyleGAN, can be used as a latent bank to improve the restoration quality of large-factor image super-resolution (SR). While most existing SR approaches attempt to generate realistic textures through learning with adversarial loss, our method, Generative LatEnt bANk (GLEAN), goes beyond existing practices by directly leveraging rich and diverse priors encapsulated in a pre-trained GAN. But unlike prevalent GAN inversion methods that require expensive image-specific optimization at runtime, our approach only needs a single forward pass to generate the upscaled image. GLEAN can be easily incorporated in a simple encoder-bank-decoder architecture with multi-resolution skip connections. Switching the bank allows the method to deal with images from diverse categories, e.g., cat, building, human face, and car. Images upscaled by GLEAN show clear improvements in terms of fidelity and texture faithfulness in comparison to existing methods.      
### 2.RAFT-3D: Scene Flow using Rigid-Motion Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00726.pdf)
>  We address the problem of scene flow: given a pair of stereo or RGB-D video frames, estimate pixelwise 3D motion. We introduce RAFT-3D, a new deep architecture for scene flow. RAFT-3D is based on the RAFT model developed for optical flow but iteratively updates a dense field of pixelwise SE3 motion instead of 2D motion. A key innovation of RAFT-3D is rigid-motion embeddings, which represent a soft grouping of pixels into rigid objects. Integral to rigid-motion embeddings is Dense-SE3, a differentiable layer that enforces geometric consistency of the embeddings. Experiments show that RAFT-3D achieves state-of-the-art performance. On FlyingThings3D, under the two-view evaluation, we improved the best published accuracy (d &lt; 0.05) from 30.33% to 83.71%. On KITTI, we achieve an error of 5.77, outperforming the best published method (6.31), despite using no object instance supervision.      
### 3.Fully Convolutional Networks for Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00720.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a conceptually simple, strong, and efficient framework for panoptic segmentation, called Panoptic FCN. Our approach aims to represent and predict foreground things and background stuff in a unified fully convolutional pipeline. In particular, Panoptic FCN encodes each object instance or stuff category into a specific kernel weight with the proposed kernel generator and produces the prediction by convolving the high-resolution feature directly. With this approach, instance-aware and semantically consistent properties for things and stuff can be respectively satisfied in a simple generate-kernel-then-segment workflow. Without extra boxes for localization or instance separation, the proposed approach outperforms previous box-based and -free models with high efficiency on COCO, Cityscapes, and Mapillary Vistas datasets with single scale input. Our code is made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yanwei-li/PanopticFCN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Emotion Detection using Image Processing in Python  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00659.pdf)
>  In this work, user's emotion using its facial expressions will be detected. These expressions can be derived from the live feed via system's camera or any pre-exisiting image available in the memory. Emotions possessed by humans can be recognized and has a vast scope of study in the computer vision industry upon which several researches have already been done. The work has been implemented using Python (2.7, Open Source Computer Vision Library (OpenCV) and NumPy. The scanned image(testing dataset) is being compared to the training dataset and thus emotion is predicted. The objective of this paper is to develop a system which can analyze the image and predict the expression of the person. The study proves that this procedure is workable and produces valid results.      
### 5.Cross-modal registration using point clouds and graph-matching in the context of correlative microscopies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00656.pdf)
>  Correlative microscopy aims at combining two or more modalities to gain more information than the one provided by one modality on the same biological structure. Registration is needed at different steps of correlative microscopies workflows. Biologists want to select the image content used for registration not to introduce bias in the correlation of unknown structures. Intensity-based methods might not allow this selection and might be too slow when the images are very large. We propose an approach based on point clouds created from selected content by the biologist. These point clouds may be prone to big differences in densities but also missing parts and outliers. In this paper we present a method of registration for point clouds based on graph building and graph matching, and compare the method to iterative closest point based methods.      
### 6.Decomposition, Compression, and Synthesis (DCS)-based Video Coding: A Neural Exploration via Resolution-Adaptive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00650.pdf)
>  Inspired by the facts that retinal cells actually segregate the visual scene into different attributes (e.g., spatial details, temporal motion) for respective neuronal processing, we propose to first decompose the input video into respective spatial texture frames (STF) at its native spatial resolution that preserve the rich spatial details, and the other temporal motion frames (TMF) at a lower spatial resolution that retain the motion smoothness; then compress them together using any popular video coder; and finally synthesize decoded STFs and TMFs for high-fidelity video reconstruction at the same resolution as its native input. This work simply applies the bicubic resampling in decomposition and HEVC compliant codec in compression, and puts the focus on the synthesis part. For resolution-adaptive synthesis, a motion compensation network (MCN) is devised on TMFs to efficiently align and aggregate temporal motion features that will be jointly processed with corresponding STFs using a non-local texture transfer network (NL-TTN) to better augment spatial details, by which the compression and resolution resampling noises can be effectively alleviated with better rate-distortion efficiency. Such "Decomposition, Compression, Synthesis (DCS)" based scheme is codec agnostic, currently exemplifying averaged $\approx$1 dB PSNR gain or $\approx$25% BD-rate saving, against the HEVC anchor using reference software. In addition, experimental comparisons to the state-of-the-art methods and ablation studies are conducted to further report the efficiency and generalization of DCS algorithm, promising an encouraging direction for future video coding.      
### 7.Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation via Latent Energy Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00649.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation aims to preserve source contents while translating to discriminative target styles between two visual domains. Most works apply adversarial learning in the ambient image space, which could be computationally expensive and challenging to train. In this paper, we propose to deploy an energy-based model (EBM) in the latent space of a pretrained autoencoder for this task. The pretrained autoencoder serves as both a latent code extractor and an image reconstruction worker. Our model is based on the assumption that two domains share the same latent space, where latent representation is implicitly decomposed as a content code and a domain-specific style code. Instead of explicitly extracting the two codes and applying adaptive instance normalization to combine them, our latent EBM can implicitly learn to transport the source style code to the target style code while preserving the content code, which is an advantage over existing image translation methods. This simplified solution also brings us far more efficiency in the one-sided unpaired image translation setting. Qualitative and quantitative comparisons demonstrate superior translation quality and faithfulness for content preservation. To the best of our knowledge, our model is the first to be applicable to 1024$\times$1024-resolution unpaired image translation.      
### 8.A Decade Survey of Content Based Image Retrieval using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00641.pdf)
>  The content based image retrieval aims to find the similar images from a large scale dataset against a query image. Generally, the similarity between the representative features of the query image and dataset images is used to rank the images for retrieval. In early days, various hand designed feature descriptors have been investigated based on the visual cues such as color, texture, shape, etc. that represent the images. However, the deep learning has emerged as a dominating alternative of hand-designed feature engineering from a decade. It learns the features automatically from the data. This paper presents a comprehensive survey of deep learning based developments in the past decade for content based image retrieval. The categorization of existing state-of-the-art methods from different perspectives is also performed for greater understanding of the progress. The taxonomy used in this survey covers different supervision, different networks, different descriptor type and different retrieval type. A performance analysis is also performed using the state-of-the-art methods. The insights are also presented for the benefit of the researchers to observe the progress and to make the best choices. The survey presented in this paper will help in further research progress in image retrieval using deep learning.      
### 9.Structured Context Enhancement Network for Mouse Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00630.pdf)
>  Automated analysis of mouse behaviours is crucial for many applications in neuroscience. However, quantifying mouse behaviours from videos or images remains a challenging problem, where pose estimation plays an important role in describing mouse behaviours. Although deep learning based methods have made promising advances in mouse or other animal pose estimation, they cannot properly handle complicated scenarios (e.g., occlusions, invisible keypoints, and abnormal poses). Particularly, since mouse body is highly deformable, it is a big challenge to accurately locate different keypoints on the mouse body. In this paper, we propose a novel hourglass network based model, namely Graphical Model based Structured Context Enhancement Network (GM-SCENet) where two effective modules, i.e., Structured Context Mixer (SCM) and Cascaded Multi-Level Supervision module (CMLS) are designed. The SCM can adaptively learn and enhance the proposed structured context information of each mouse part by a novel graphical model with close consideration on the difference between body parts. Then, the CMLS module is designed to jointly train the proposed SCM and the hourglass network by generating multi-level information, which increases the robustness of the whole network. Based on the multi-level predictions from the SCM and the CMLS module, we also propose an inference method to enhance the localization results. Finally, we evaluate our proposed approach against several baselines...      
### 10.We are More than Our Joints: Predicting how 3D Bodies Move  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00619.pdf)
>  A key step towards understanding human behavior is the prediction of 3D human motion. Successful solutions have many applications in human tracking, HCI, and graphics. Most previous work focuses on predicting a time series of future 3D joint locations given a sequence 3D joints from the past. This Euclidean formulation generally works better than predicting pose in terms of joint rotations. Body joint locations, however, do not fully constrain 3D human pose, leaving degrees of freedom undefined, making it hard to animate a realistic human from only the joints. Note that the 3D joints can be viewed as a sparse point cloud. Thus the problem of human motion prediction can be seen as point cloud prediction. With this observation, we instead predict a sparse set of locations on the body surface that correspond to motion capture markers. Given such markers, we fit a parametric body model to recover the 3D shape and pose of the person. These sparse surface markers also carry detailed information about human movement that is not present in the joints, increasing the naturalness of the predicted motions. Using the AMASS dataset, we train MOJO, which is a novel variational autoencoder that generates motions from latent frequencies. MOJO preserves the full temporal resolution of the input motion, and sampling from the latent frequencies explicitly introduces high-frequency components into the generated motion. We note that motion prediction methods accumulate errors over time, resulting in joints or markers that diverge from true human bodies. To address this, we fit SMPL-X to the predictions at each time step, projecting the solution back onto the space of valid bodies. These valid markers are then propagated in time. Experiments show that our method produces state-of-the-art results and realistic 3D body animations. The code for research purposes is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://yz-cnsdqz.github.io/MOJO/MOJO.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 11.Enabling Fingerprint Presentation Attacks: Fake Fingerprint Fabrication Techniques and Recognition Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00606.pdf)
>  Fake fingerprint representation pose a severe threat for fingerprint based authentication systems. Despite advances in presentation attack detection technologies, which are often integrated directly into the fingerprint scanner devices, many fingerprint scanners are still susceptible to presentation attacks using physical fake fingerprint representation. In this work we evaluate five different commercial-off-the-shelf fingerprint scanners based on different sensing technologies, including optical, optical multispectral, passive capacitive, active capacitive and thermal regarding their susceptibility to presentation attacks using fake fingerprint representations. Several different materials to create the fake representation are tested and evaluated, including wax, cast, latex, silicone, different types of glue, window colours, modelling clay, etc. The quantitative evaluation includes assessing the fingerprint quality of the samples captured from the fake representations as well as comparison experiments where the achieved matching scores of the fake representations against the corresponding real fingerprints indicate the effectiveness of the fake representations. Our results confirmed that all except one of the tested devices are susceptible to at least one type/material of fake fingerprint representations.      
### 12.DeFMO: Deblurring and Shape Recovery of Fast Moving Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00595.pdf)
>  Objects moving at high speed appear significantly blurred when captured with cameras. The blurry appearance is especially ambiguous when the object has complex shape or texture. In such cases, classical methods, or even humans, are unable to recover the object's appearance and motion. We propose a method that, given a single image with its estimated background, outputs the object's appearance and position in a series of sub-frames as if captured by a high-speed camera (i.e. temporal super-resolution). The proposed generative model embeds an image of the blurred object into a latent space representation, disentangles the background, and renders the sharp appearance. Inspired by the image formation model, we design novel self-supervised loss function terms that boost performance and show good generalization capabilities. The proposed DeFMO method is trained on a complex synthetic dataset, yet it performs well on real-world data from several datasets. DeFMO outperforms the state of the art and generates high-quality temporal super-resolution frames.      
### 13.Multi-level Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00573.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation has become an important technique for model compression and acceleration. The conventional knowledge distillation approaches aim to transfer knowledge from teacher to student networks by minimizing the KL-divergence between their probabilistic outputs, which only consider the mutual relationship between individual representations of teacher and student networks. Recently, the contrastive loss-based knowledge distillation is proposed to enable a student to learn the instance discriminative knowledge of a teacher by mapping the same image close and different images far away in the representation space. However, all of these methods ignore that the teacher's knowledge is multi-level, e.g., individual, relational and categorical level. These different levels of knowledge cannot be effectively captured by only one kind of supervisory signal. Here, we introduce Multi-level Knowledge Distillation (MLKD) to transfer richer representational knowledge from teacher to student networks. MLKD employs three novel teacher-student similarities: individual similarity, relational similarity, and categorical similarity, to encourage the student network to learn sample-wise, structure-wise and category-wise knowledge in the teacher network. Experiments demonstrate that MLKD outperforms other state-of-the-art methods on both similar-architecture and cross-architecture tasks. We further show that MLKD can improve the transferability of learned representations in the student network.      
### 14.Improving the Transferability of Adversarial Examples with the Adam Optimizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00567.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have outperformed humans in image recognition tasks, but they remain vulnerable to attacks from adversarial examples. Since these data are produced by adding imperceptible noise to normal images, their existence poses potential security threats to deep learning systems. Sophisticated adversarial examples with strong attack performance can also be used as a tool to evaluate the robustness of a model. However, the success rate of adversarial attacks remains to be further improved in black-box environments. Therefore, this study combines an improved Adam gradient descent algorithm with the iterative gradient-based attack method. The resulting Adam Iterative Fast Gradient Method is then used to improve the transferability of adversarial examples. Extensive experiments on ImageNet showed that the proposed method offers a higher attack success rate than existing iterative methods. Our best black-box attack achieved a success rate of 81.9% on a normally trained network and 38.7% on an adversarially trained network.      
### 15.Facetwise Mesh Refinement for Multi-View Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00564.pdf)
>  Mesh refinement is a fundamental step for accurate Multi-View Stereo. It modifies the geometry of an initial manifold mesh to minimize the photometric error induced in a set of camera pairs. This initial mesh is usually the output of volumetric 3D reconstruction based on min-cut over Delaunay Triangulations. Such methods produce a significant amount of non-manifold vertices, therefore they require a vertex split step to explicitly repair them. In this paper, we extend this method to preemptively fix the non-manifold vertices by reasoning directly on the Delaunay Triangulation and avoid most vertex splits. The main contribution of this paper addresses the problem of choosing the camera pairs adopted by the refinement process. We treat the problem as a mesh labeling process, where each label corresponds to a camera pair. Differently from the state-of-the-art methods, which use each camera pair to refine all the visible parts of the mesh, we choose, for each facet, the best pair that enforces both the overall visibility and coverage. The refinement step is applied for each facet using only the camera pair selected. This facetwise refinement helps the process to be applied in the most evenly way possible.      
### 16.Robustness Out of the Box: Compositional Representations Naturally Defend Against Black-Box Patch Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00558.pdf)
>  Patch-based adversarial attacks introduce a perceptible but localized change to the input that induces misclassification. While progress has been made in defending against imperceptible attacks, it remains unclear how patch-based attacks can be resisted. In this work, we study two different approaches for defending against black-box patch attacks. First, we show that adversarial training, which is successful against imperceptible attacks, has limited effectiveness against state-of-the-art location-optimized patch attacks. Second, we find that compositional deep networks, which have part-based representations that lead to innate robustness to natural occlusion, are robust to patch attacks on PASCAL3D+ and the German Traffic Sign Recognition Benchmark, without adversarial training. Moreover, the robustness of compositional models outperforms that of adversarially trained standard models by a large margin. However, on GTSRB, we observe that they have problems discriminating between similar traffic signs with fine-grained differences. We overcome this limitation by introducing part-based finetuning, which improves fine-grained recognition. By leveraging compositional representations, this is the first work that defends against black-box patch attacks without expensive adversarial training. This defense is more robust than adversarial training and more interpretable because it can locate and ignore adversarial patches.      
### 17.One-Pixel Attack Deceives Automatic Detection of Breast Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00517.pdf)
>  In this article we demonstrate that a state-of-the-art machine learning model predicting whether a whole slide image contains mitosis can be fooled by changing just a single pixel in the input image. Computer vision and machine learning can be used to automate various tasks in cancer diagnostic and detection. If an attacker can manipulate the automated processing, the results can be devastating and in the worst case lead to wrong diagnostic and treatments. In this research one-pixel attack is demonstrated in a real-life scenario with a real tumor dataset. The results indicate that a minor one-pixel modification of a whole slide image under analysis can affect the diagnosis. The attack poses a threat from the cyber security perspective: the one-pixel method can be used as an attack vector by a motivated attacker.      
### 18.Multi-Modal Hybrid Architecture for Pedestrian Action Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00514.pdf)
>  Pedestrian behavior prediction is one of the major challenges for intelligent driving systems in urban environments. Pedestrians often exhibit a wide range of behaviors and adequate interpretations of those depend on various sources of information such as pedestrian appearance, states of other road users, the environment layout, etc. To address this problem, we propose a novel multi-modal prediction algorithm that incorporates different sources of information captured from the environment to predict future crossing actions of pedestrians. The proposed model benefits from a hybrid learning architecture consisting of feedforward and recurrent networks for analyzing visual features of the environment and dynamics of the scene. Using the existing 2D pedestrian behavior benchmarks and a newly annotated 3D driving dataset, we show that our proposed model achieves state-of-the-art performance in pedestrian crossing prediction.      
### 19.Boosting the Performance of Semi-Supervised Learning with Unsupervised Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00504.pdf)
>  Recently, Semi-Supervised Learning (SSL) has shown much promise in leveraging unlabeled data while being provided with very few labels. In this paper, we show that ignoring the labels altogether for whole epochs intermittently during training can significantly improve performance in the small sample regime. More specifically, we propose to train a network on two tasks jointly. The primary classification task is exposed to both the unlabeled and the scarcely annotated data, whereas the secondary task seeks to cluster the data without any labels. As opposed to hand-crafted pretext tasks frequently used in self-supervision, our clustering phase utilizes the same classification network and head in an attempt to relax the primary task and propagate the information from the labels without overfitting them. On top of that, the self-supervised technique of classifying image rotations is incorporated during the unsupervised learning phase to stabilize training. We demonstrate our method's efficacy in boosting several state-of-the-art SSL algorithms, significantly improving their results and reducing running time in various standard semi-supervised benchmarks, including 92.6% accuracy on CIFAR-10 and 96.9% on SVHN, using only 4 labels per class in each task. We also notably improve the results in the extreme cases of 1,2 and 3 labels per class, and show that features learned by our model are more meaningful for separating the data.      
### 20.Boosting CNN-based primary quantization matrix estimation of double JPEG images via a classification-like architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00468.pdf)
>  The problem of estimation of the primary quantization matrix in double JPEG images is of relevant importance in several applications, and in particular, for splicing localization. In addition to traditional statistical-based approaches, recently, deep learning has been exploited to design a well performing estimator, by training a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model to solve the estimation as a standard regression problem. In this paper, we propose the use of a simil-classification CNN architecture to solve the estimation, by exploiting the integer nature of the quantization coefficients, and using a proper loss function for training, that takes into account both the accuracy and the Mean Square Error of the estimation. The capability of the method to work under general operative conditions, regarding the alignment of the second compression grid with the one of first compression and the combinations of the JPEG qualities of former and second compression, is very relevant in practical applications, where these information are unknown a priori. Results confirm the effectiveness of the proposed technique, compared to the state-of-the art methods based on statistical analysis and deep learning regression.      
### 21.Minimal Solutions for Panoramic Stitching Given Gravity Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00465.pdf)
>  When capturing panoramas, people tend to align their cameras with the vertical axis, i.e., the direction of gravity. Moreover, modern devices, such as smartphones and tablets, are equipped with an IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit) that can measure the gravity vector accurately. Using this prior, the y-axes of the cameras can be aligned or assumed to be already aligned, reducing their relative orientation to 1-DOF (degree of freedom). Exploiting this assumption, we propose new minimal solutions to panoramic image stitching of images taken by cameras with coinciding optical centers, i.e., undergoing pure rotation. We consider four practical camera configurations, assuming unknown fixed or varying focal length with or without radial distortion. The solvers are tested both on synthetic scenes and on more than 500k real image pairs from the Sun360 dataset and from scenes captured by us using two smartphones equipped with IMUs. It is shown, that they outperform the state-of-the-art both in terms of accuracy and processing time.      
### 22.Globally Optimal Relative Pose Estimation with Gravity Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00458.pdf)
>  Smartphones, tablets and camera systems used, e.g., in cars and UAVs, are typically equipped with IMUs (inertial measurement units) that can measure the gravity vector accurately. Using this additional information, the $y$-axes of the cameras can be aligned, reducing their relative orientation to a single degree-of-freedom. With this assumption, we propose a novel globally optimal solver, minimizing the algebraic error in the least-squares sense, to estimate the relative pose in the over-determined case. Based on the epipolar constraint, we convert the optimization problem into solving two polynomials with only two unknowns. Also, a fast solver is proposed using the first-order approximation of the rotation. The proposed solvers are compared with the state-of-the-art ones on four real-world datasets with approx. 50000 image pairs in total. Moreover, we collected a dataset, by a smartphone, consisting of 10933 image pairs, gravity directions, and ground truth 3D reconstructions.      
### 23.Counting People by Estimating People Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00452.pdf)
>  Modern methods for counting people in crowded scenes rely on deep networks to estimate people densities in individual images. As such, only very few take advantage of temporal consistency in video sequences, and those that do only impose weak smoothness constraints across consecutive frames. In this paper, we advocate estimating people flows across image locations between consecutive images and inferring the people densities from these flows instead of directly regressing them. This enables us to impose much stronger constraints encoding the conservation of the number of people. As a result, it significantly boosts performance without requiring a more complex architecture. Furthermore, it allows us to exploit the correlation between people flow and optical flow to further improve the results. We also show that leveraging people conservation constraints in both a spatial and temporal manner makes it possible to train a deep crowd counting model in an active learning setting with much fewer annotations. This significantly reduces the annotation cost while still leading to similar performance to the full supervision case.      
### 24.Just Ask: Learning to Answer Questions from Millions of Narrated Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00451.pdf)
>  Modern approaches to visual question answering require large annotated datasets for training. Manual annotation of questions and answers for videos, however, is tedious, expensive and prevents scalability. In this work, we propose to avoid manual annotation and to learn video question answering (VideoQA) from millions of readily-available narrated videos. We propose to automatically generate question-answer pairs from transcribed video narrations leveraging a state-of-the-art text transformer pipeline and obtain a new large-scale VideoQA training dataset. To handle the open vocabulary of diverse answers in this dataset, we propose a training procedure based on a contrastive loss between a video-question multi-modal transformer and an answer embedding. We evaluate our model on the zero-shot VideoQA task and show excellent results, in particular for rare answers. Furthermore, we demonstrate that finetuning our model on target datasets significantly outperforms the state of the art on MSRVTT-QA, MSVD-QA and ActivityNet-QA. Finally, for a detailed evaluation we introduce a new manually annotated VideoQA dataset with reduced language biases and high quality annotations. Our code and datasets will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.di.ens.fr/willow/research/just-ask/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 25.A Unified Structure for Efficient RGB and RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00437.pdf)
>  Salient object detection (SOD) has been well studied in recent years, especially using deep neural networks. However, SOD with RGB and RGB-D images is usually treated as two different tasks with different network structures that need to be designed specifically. In this paper, we proposed a unified and efficient structure with a cross-attention context extraction (CRACE) module to address both tasks of SOD efficiently. The proposed CRACE module receives and appropriately fuses two (for RGB SOD) or three (for RGB-D SOD) inputs. The simple unified feature pyramid network (FPN)-like structure with CRACE modules conveys and refines the results under the multi-level supervisions of saliency and boundaries. The proposed structure is simple yet effective; the rich context information of RGB and depth can be appropriately extracted and fused by the proposed structure efficiently. Experimental results show that our method outperforms other state-of-the-art methods in both RGB and RGB-D SOD tasks on various datasets and in terms of most metrics.      
### 26.SRG-Net: Unsupervised Segmentation for Terracotta Warrior Point Cloud with 3D Pointwise CNN methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00433.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a seed-region-growing CNN(SRG-Net) for unsupervised part segmentation with 3D point clouds of terracotta warriors. Previous neural network researches in 3D are mainly about supervised classification, clustering, unsupervised representation and reconstruction. There are few researches focusing on unsupervised point cloud part segmentation. To address these problems, we present a seed-region-growing CNN(SRG-Net) for unsupervised part segmentation with 3D point clouds of terracotta warriors. Firstly, we propose our customized seed region growing algorithm to coarsely segment the point cloud. Then we present our supervised segmentation and unsupervised reconstruction networks to better understand the characteristics of 3D point clouds. Finally, we combine the SRG algorithm with our improved CNN using a refinement method called SRG-Net to conduct the segmentation tasks on the terracotta warriors. Our proposed SRG-Net are evaluated on the terracotta warriors data and the benchmark dataset of ShapeNet with measuring mean intersection over union(mIoU) and latency. The experimental results show that our SRG-Net outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hyoau/SRG-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Weakly-Supervised Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection with Expectation-Maximization Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00424.pdf)
>  Arbitrary-shaped text detection is an important and challenging task in computer vision. Most existing methods require heavy data labeling efforts to produce polygon-level text region labels for supervised training. In order to reduce the cost in data labeling, we study weakly-supervised arbitrary-shaped text detection for combining various weak supervision forms (e.g., image-level tags, coarse, loose and tight bounding boxes), which are far easier for annotation. We propose an Expectation-Maximization (EM) based weakly-supervised learning framework to train an accurate arbitrary-shaped text detector using only a small amount of polygon-level annotated data combined with a large amount of weakly annotated data. Meanwhile, we propose a contour-based arbitrary-shaped text detector, which is suitable for incorporating weakly-supervised learning. Extensive experiments on three arbitrary-shaped text benchmarks (CTW1500, Total-Text and ICDAR-ArT) show that (1) using only 10% strongly annotated data and 90% weakly annotated data, our method yields comparable performance to state-of-the-art methods, (2) with 100% strongly annotated data, our method outperforms existing methods on all three benchmarks. We will make the weakly annotated datasets publicly available in the future.      
### 28.Learning to Generalize Unseen Domains via Memory-based Multi-Source Meta-Learning for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00417.pdf)
>  Recent advances in person re-identification (ReID) obtain impressive accuracy in the supervised and unsupervised learning settings. However, most of the existing methods need to train a new model for a new domain by accessing data. Due to public privacy, the new domain data are not always accessible, leading to a limited applicability of these methods. In this paper, we study the problem of multi-source domain generalization in ReID, which aims to learn a model that can perform well on unseen domains with only several labeled source domains. To address this problem, we propose the Memory-based Multi-Source Meta-Learning (M$^3$L) framework to train a generalizable model for unseen domains. Specifically, a meta-learning strategy is introduced to simulate the train-test process of domain generalization for learning more generalizable models. To overcome the unstable meta-optimization caused by the parametric classifier, we propose a memory-based identification loss that is non-parametric and harmonizes with meta-learning. We also present a meta batch normalization layer (MetaBN) to diversify meta-test features, further establishing the advantage of meta-learning. Experiments demonstrate that our M$^3$L can effectively enhance the generalization ability of the model for unseen domains and can outperform the state-of-the-art methods on four large-scale ReID datasets.      
### 29.Pre-Trained Image Processing Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00364.pdf)
>  As the computing power of modern hardware is increasing strongly, pre-trained deep learning models (\eg, BERT, GPT-3) learned on large-scale datasets have shown their effectiveness over conventional methods. The big progress is mainly contributed to the representation ability of transformer and its variant architectures. In this paper, we study the low-level computer vision task (\eg, denoising, super-resolution and deraining) and develop a new pre-trained model, namely, image processing transformer (IPT). To maximally excavate the capability of transformer, we present to utilize the well-known ImageNet benchmark for generating a large amount of corrupted image pairs. The IPT model is trained on these images with multi-heads and multi-tails. In addition, the contrastive learning is introduced for well adapting to different image processing tasks. The pre-trained model can therefore efficiently employed on desired task after fine-tuning. With only one pre-trained model, IPT outperforms the current state-of-the-art methods on various low-level benchmarks.      
### 30.Robust and Accurate Object Velocity Detection by Stereo Camera for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00353.pdf)
>  Although the number of camera-based sensors mounted on vehicles has recently increased dramatically, robust and accurate object velocity detection is difficult. Additionally, it is still common to use radar as a fusion system. We have developed a method to accurately detect the velocity of object using a camera, based on a large-scale dataset collected over 20 years by the automotive manufacturer, SUBARU. The proposed method consists of three methods: an High Dynamic Range (HDR) detection method that fuses multiple stereo disparity images, a fusion method that combines the results of monocular and stereo recognitions, and a new velocity calculation method. The evaluation was carried out using measurement devices and a test course that can quantitatively reproduce severe environment by mounting the developed stereo camera on an actual vehicle.      
### 31.HORAE: an annotated dataset of books of hours  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00351.pdf)
>  We introduce in this paper a new dataset of annotated pages from books of hours, a type of handwritten prayer books owned and used by rich lay people in the late middle ages. The dataset was created for conducting historical research on the evolution of the religious mindset in Europe at this period since the book of hours represent one of the major sources of information thanks both to their rich illustrations and the different types of religious sources they contain. We first describe how the corpus was collected and manually annotated then present the evaluation of a state-of-the-art system for text line detection and for zone detection and typing. The corpus is freely available for research.      
### 32.Ultra-low bitrate video conferencing using deep image animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00346.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a novel deep learning approach for ultra-low bitrate video compression for video conferencing applications. To address the shortcomings of current video compression paradigms when the available bandwidth is extremely limited, we adopt a model-based approach that employs deep neural networks to encode motion information as keypoint displacement and reconstruct the video signal at the decoder side. The overall system is trained in an end-to-end fashion minimizing a reconstruction error on the encoder output. Objective and subjective quality evaluation experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach provides an average bitrate reduction for the same visual quality of more than 80% compared to HEVC.      
### 33.Semi-Supervised Noisy Student Pre-training on EfficientNet Architectures for Plant Pathology Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00332.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning has vastly improved the identification and diagnosis of various diseases in plants. In this report, we investigate the problem of pathology classification using images of a single leaf. We explore the use of standard benchmark models such as VGG16, ResNet101, and DenseNet 161 to achieve a 0.945 score on the task. Furthermore, we explore the use of the newer EfficientNet model, improving the accuracy to 0.962. Finally, we introduce the state-of-the-art idea of semi-supervised Noisy Student training to the EfficientNet, resulting in significant improvements in both accuracy and convergence rate. The final ensembled Noisy Student model performs very well on the task, achieving a test score of 0.982.      
### 34.Low Bandwidth Video-Chat Compression using Deep Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00328.pdf)
>  To unlock video chat for hundreds of millions of people hindered by poor connectivity or unaffordable data costs, we propose to authentically reconstruct faces on the receiver's device using facial landmarks extracted at the sender's side and transmitted over the network. In this context, we discuss and evaluate the benefits and disadvantages of several deep adversarial approaches. In particular, we explore quality and bandwidth trade-offs for approaches based on static landmarks, dynamic landmarks or segmentation maps. We design a mobile-compatible architecture based on the first order animation model of Siarohin et al. In addition, we leverage SPADE blocks to refine results in important areas such as the eyes and lips. We compress the networks down to about 3MB, allowing models to run in real time on iPhone 8 (CPU). This approach enables video calling at a few kbits per second, an order of magnitude lower than currently available alternatives.      
### 35.Disentangling Label Distribution for Long-tailed Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00321.pdf)
>  The current evaluation protocol of long-tailed visual recognition trains the classification model on the long-tailed source label distribution and evaluates its performance on the uniform target label distribution. Such protocol has questionable practicality since the target may also be long-tailed. Therefore, we formulate long-tailed visual recognition as a label shift problem where the target and source label distributions are different. One of the significant hurdles in dealing with the label shift problem is the entanglement between the source label distribution and the model prediction. In this paper, we focus on disentangling the source label distribution from the model prediction. We first introduce a simple baseline method that matches the target label distribution by post-processing the model prediction trained by the cross-entropy loss and the Softmax function. Although this method surpasses state-of-the-art methods on benchmark datasets, it can be further improved by directly disentangling the source label distribution from the model prediction in the training phase. Thus, we propose a novel method, LAbel distribution DisEntangling (LADE) loss based on the optimal bound of Donsker-Varadhan representation. LADE achieves state-of-the-art performance on benchmark datasets such as CIFAR-100-LT, Places-LT, ImageNet-LT, and iNaturalist 2018. Moreover, LADE outperforms existing methods on various shifted target label distributions, showing the general adaptability of our proposed method.      
### 36.Fast Class-wise Updating for Online Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00318.pdf)
>  Online image hashing has received increasing research attention recently, which processes large-scale data in a streaming fashion to update the hash functions on-the-fly. To this end, most existing works exploit this problem under a supervised setting, i.e., using class labels to boost the hashing performance, which suffers from the defects in both adaptivity and efficiency: First, large amounts of training batches are required to learn up-to-date hash functions, which leads to poor online adaptivity. Second, the training is time-consuming, which contradicts with the core need of online learning. In this paper, a novel supervised online hashing scheme, termed Fast Class-wise Updating for Online Hashing (FCOH), is proposed to address the above two challenges by introducing a novel and efficient inner product operation. To achieve fast online adaptivity, a class-wise updating method is developed to decompose the binary code learning and alternatively renew the hash functions in a class-wise fashion, which well addresses the burden on large amounts of training batches. Quantitatively, such a decomposition further leads to at least 75% storage saving. To further achieve online efficiency, we propose a semi-relaxation optimization, which accelerates the online training by treating different binary constraints independently. Without additional constraints and variables, the time complexity is significantly reduced. Such a scheme is also quantitatively shown to well preserve past information during updating hashing functions. We have quantitatively demonstrated that the collective effort of class-wise updating and semi-relaxation optimization provides a superior performance comparing to various state-of-the-art methods, which is verified through extensive experiments on three widely-used datasets.      
### 37.Diverse Temporal Aggregation and Depthwise Spatiotemporal Factorization for Efficient Video Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00317.pdf)
>  Video classification researches that have recently attracted attention are the fields of temporal modeling and 3D efficient architecture. However, the temporal modeling methods are not efficient or the 3D efficient architecture is less interested in temporal modeling. For bridging the gap between them, we propose an efficient temporal modeling 3D architecture, called VoV3D, that consists of a temporal one-shot aggregation (T-OSA) module and depthwise factorized component, D(2+1)D. The T-OSA is devised to build a feature hierarchy by aggregating temporal features with different temporal receptive fields. Stacking this T-OSA enables the network itself to model short-range as well as long-range temporal relationships across frames without any external modules. Inspired by kernel factorization and channel factorization, we also design a depthwise spatiotemporal factorization module, named, D(2+1)D that decomposes a 3D depthwise convolution into two spatial and temporal depthwise convolutions for making our network more lightweight and efficient. By using the proposed temporal modeling method (T-OSA), and the efficient factorized component (D(2+1)D), we construct two types of VoV3D networks, VoV3D-M and VoV3D-L. Thanks to its efficiency and effectiveness of temporal modeling, VoV3D-L has 6x fewer model parameters and 16x less computation, surpassing a state-of-the-art temporal modeling method on both Something-Something and Kinetics-400. Furthermore, VoV3D shows better temporal modeling ability than a state-of-the-art efficient 3D architecture, X3D having comparable model capacity. We hope that VoV3D can serve as a baseline for efficient video classification.      
### 38.Unsupervised Part Discovery via Feature Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00313.pdf)
>  Understanding objects in terms of their individual parts is important, because it enables a precise understanding of the objects' geometrical structure, and enhances object recognition when the object is seen in a novel pose or under partial occlusion. However, the manual annotation of parts in large scale datasets is time consuming and expensive. In this paper, we aim at discovering object parts in an unsupervised manner, i.e., without ground-truth part or keypoint annotations. Our approach builds on the intuition that objects of the same class in a similar pose should have their parts aligned at similar spatial locations. We exploit the property that neural network features are largely invariant to nuisance variables and the main remaining source of variations between images of the same object category is the object pose. Specifically, given a training image, we find a set of similar images that show instances of the same object category in the same pose, through an affine alignment of their corresponding feature maps. The average of the aligned feature maps serves as pseudo ground-truth annotation for a supervised training of the deep network backbone. During inference, part detection is simple and fast, without any extra modules or overheads other than a feed-forward neural network. Our experiments on several datasets from different domains verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. For example, we achieve 37.8 mAP on VehiclePart, which is at least 4.2 better than previous methods.      
### 39.A Stitching Algorithm for Automated Surface Inspection of Rotationally Symmetric Components  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00308.pdf)
>  This paper provides a novel approach to stitching surface images of rotationally symmetric parts. It presents a process pipeline that uses a feature-based stitching approach to create a distortion-free and true-to-life image from a video file. The developed process thus enables, for example, condition monitoring without having to view many individual images. For validation purposes, this will be demonstrated in the paper using the concrete example of a worn ball screw drive spindle. The developed algorithm aims at reproducing the functional principle of a line scan camera system, whereby the physical measuring systems are replaced by a feature-based approach. For evaluation of the stitching algorithms, metrics are used, some of which have only been developed in this work or have been supplemented by test procedures already in use. The applicability of the developed algorithm is not only limited to machine tool spindles. Instead, the developed method allows a general approach to the surface inspection of various rotationally symmetric components and can therefore be used in a variety of industrial applications. Deep-learning-based detection Algorithms can easily be implemented to generate a complete pipeline for failure detection and condition monitoring on rotationally symmetric parts.      
### 40.Dual Pixel Exploration: Simultaneous Depth Estimation and Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00301.pdf)
>  The dual-pixel (DP) hardware works by splitting each pixel in half and creating an image pair in a single snapshot. Several works estimate depth/inverse depth by treating the DP pair as a stereo pair. However, dual-pixel disparity only occurs in image regions with the defocus blur. The heavy defocus blur in DP pairs affects the performance of matching-based depth estimation approaches. Instead of removing the blur effect blindly, we study the formation of the DP pair which links the blur and the depth information. In this paper, we propose a mathematical DP model which can benefit depth estimation by the blur. These explorations motivate us to propose an end-to-end DDDNet (DP-based Depth and Deblur Network) to jointly estimate the depth and restore the image. Moreover, we define a reblur loss, which reflects the relationship of the DP image formation process with depth information, to regularise our depth estimate in training. To meet the requirement of a large amount of data for learning, we propose the first DP image simulator which allows us to create datasets with DP pairs from any existing RGBD dataset. As a side contribution, we collect a real dataset for further research. Extensive experimental evaluation on both synthetic and real datasets shows that our approach achieves competitive performance compared to state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 41.CycleGAN without checkerboard artifacts for counter-forensics of fake-image detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00287.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel CycleGAN without checkerboard artifacts for counter-forensics of fake-image detection. Recent rapid advances in image manipulation tools and deep image synthesis techniques, such as Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have easily generated fake images, so detecting manipulated images has become an urgent issue. Most state-of-the-art forgery detection methods assume that images include checkerboard artifacts which are generated by using DNNs. Accordingly, we propose a novel CycleGAN without any checkerboard artifacts for counter-forensics of fake-mage detection methods for the first time, as an example of GANs without checkerboard artifacts.      
### 42.fairfaceGAN: Fairness-aware Facial Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00282.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce FairFaceGAN, a fairness-aware facial Image-to-Image translation model, mitigating the problem of unwanted translation in protected attributes (e.g., gender, age, race) during facial attributes editing. Unlike existing models, FairFaceGAN learns fair representations with two separate latents - one related to the target attributes to translate, and the other unrelated to them. This strategy enables FairFaceGAN to separate the information about protected attributes and that of target attributes. It also prevents unwanted translation in protected attributes while target attributes editing. To evaluate the degree of fairness, we perform two types of experiments on CelebA dataset. First, we compare the fairness-aware classification performances when augmenting data by existing image translation methods and FairFaceGAN respectively. Moreover, we propose a new fairness metric, namely Frechet Protected Attribute Distance (FPAD), which measures how well protected attributes are preserved. Experimental results demonstrate that FairFaceGAN shows consistent improvements in terms of fairness over the existing image translation models. Further, we also evaluate image translation performances, where FairFaceGAN shows competitive results, compared to those of existing methods.      
### 43.Confluence: A Robust Non-IoU Alternative to Non-Maxima Suppression in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00257.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel alternative to Greedy Non-Maxima Suppression (NMS) in the task of bounding box selection and suppression in object detection. It proposes Confluence, an algorithm which does not rely solely on individual confidence scores to select optimal bounding boxes, nor does it rely on Intersection Over Union (IoU) to remove false positives. Using Manhattan Distance, it selects the bounding box which is closest to every other bounding box within the cluster and removes highly confluent neighboring boxes. Thus, Confluence represents a paradigm shift in bounding box selection and suppression as it is based on fundamentally different theoretical principles to Greedy NMS and its variants. Confluence is experimentally validated on RetinaNet, YOLOv3 and Mask-RCNN, using both the MS COCO and PASCAL VOC 2007 datasets. Confluence outperforms Greedy NMS in both mAP and recall on both datasets, using the challenging 0.50:0.95 mAP evaluation metric. On each detector and dataset, mAP was improved by 0.3-0.7% while recall was improved by 1.4-2.5%. A theoretical comparison of Greedy NMS and the Confluence Algorithm is provided, and quantitative results are supported by extensive qualitative results analysis. Furthermore, sensitivity analysis experiments across mAP thresholds support the conclusion that Confluence is more robust than NMS.      
### 44.A New Action Recognition Framework for Video Highlights Summarization in Sporting Events  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00253.pdf)
>  To date, machine learning for human action recognition in video has been widely implemented in sports activities. Although some studies have been successful in the past, precision is still the most significant concern. In this study, we present a high-accuracy framework to automatically clip the sports video stream by using a three-level prediction algorithm based on two classical open-source structures, i.e., YOLO-v3 and OpenPose. It is found that by using a modest amount of sports video training data, our methodology can perform sports activity highlights clipping accurately. Comparing with the previous systems, our methodology shows some advantages in accuracy. This study may serve as a new clipping system to extend the potential applications of the video summarization in sports field, as well as facilitates the development of match analysis system.      
### 45.3D Guided Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00242.pdf)
>  Pixel-wise clean annotation is necessary for fully-supervised semantic segmentation, which is laborious and expensive to obtain. In this paper, we propose a weakly supervised 2D semantic segmentation model by incorporating sparse bounding box labels with available 3D information, which is much easier to obtain with advanced sensors. We manually labeled a subset of the 2D-3D Semantics(2D-3D-S) dataset with bounding boxes, and introduce our 2D-3D inference module to generate accurate pixel-wise segment proposal masks. Guided by 3D information, we first generate a point cloud of objects and calculate objectness probability score for each point. Then we project the point cloud with objectness probabilities back to 2D images followed by a refinement step to obtain segment proposals, which are treated as pseudo labels to train a semantic segmentation network. Our method works in a recursive manner to gradually refine the above-mentioned segment proposals. Extensive experimental results on the 2D-3D-S dataset show that the proposed method can generate accurate segment proposals when bounding box labels are available on only a small subset of training images. Performance comparison with recent state-of-the-art methods further illustrates the effectiveness of our method.      
### 46.Sim2Real for Self-Supervised Monocular Depth and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00238.pdf)
>  Image-based learning methods for autonomous vehicle perception tasks require large quantities of labelled, real data in order to properly train without overfitting, which can often be incredibly costly. While leveraging the power of simulated data can potentially aid in mitigating these costs, networks trained in the simulation domain usually fail to perform adequately when applied to images in the real domain. Recent advances in domain adaptation have indicated that a shared latent space assumption can help to bridge the gap between the simulation and real domains, allowing the transference of the predictive capabilities of a network from the simulation domain to the real domain. We demonstrate that a twin VAE-based architecture with a shared latent space and auxiliary decoders is able to bridge the sim2real gap without requiring any paired, ground-truth data in the real domain. Using only paired, ground-truth data in the simulation domain, this architecture has the potential to generate perception tasks such as depth and segmentation maps. We compare this method to networks trained in a supervised manner to indicate the merit of these results.      
### 47.RaP-Net: A Region-wise and Point-wise Weighting Network to Extract Robust Keypoints for Indoor Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00234.pdf)
>  Image keypoint extraction is an important step for visual localization. The localization in indoor environment is challenging for that there may be many unreliable features on dynamic or repetitive objects. Such kind of reliability cannot be well learned by existing Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based feature extractors. We propose a novel network, RaP-Net, which explicitly addresses feature invariability with a region-wise predictor, and combines it with a point-wise predictor to select reliable keypoints in an image. We also build a new dataset, OpenLORIS-Location, to train this network. The dataset contains 1553 indoor images with location labels. There are various scene changes between images on the same location, which can help a network to learn the invariability in typical indoor scenes. Experimental results show that the proposed RaP-Net trained with the OpenLORIS-Location dataset significantly outperforms existing CNN-based keypoint extraction algorithms for indoor localization. The code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ivipsourcecode/RaP-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Point2Skeleton: Learning Skeletal Representations from Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00230.pdf)
>  We introduce Point2Skeleton, an unsupervised method to learn skeletal representations from point clouds. Existing skeletonization methods are limited to tubular shapes and the stringent requirement of watertight input, while our method aims to produce more generalized skeletal representations for complex structures and handle point clouds. Our key idea is to use the insights of the medial axis transform (MAT) to capture the intrinsic geometric and topological natures of the original input points. We first predict a set of skeletal points by learning a geometric transformation, and then analyze the connectivity of the skeletal points to form skeletal mesh structures. Extensive evaluations and comparisons show our method has superior performance and robustness. The learned skeletal representation will benefit several unsupervised tasks for point clouds, such as surface reconstruction and segmentation.      
### 49.UPFlow: Upsampling Pyramid for Unsupervised Optical Flow Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00212.pdf)
>  We present an unsupervised learning approach for optical flow estimation by improving the upsampling and learning of pyramid network. We design a self-guided upsample module to tackle the interpolation blur problem caused by bilinear upsampling between pyramid levels. Moreover, we propose a pyramid distillation loss to add supervision for intermediate levels via distilling the finest flow as pseudo labels. By integrating these two components together, our method achieves the best performance for unsupervised optical flow learning on multiple leading benchmarks, including MPI-SIntel, KITTI 2012 and KITTI 2015. In particular, we achieve EPE=1.4 on KITTI 2012 and F1=9.38% on KITTI 2015, which outperform the previous state-of-the-art methods by 22.2% and 15.7%, respectively.      
### 50.Open Source 3-D Filament Diameter Sensor for Recycling, Winding and Additive Manufacturing Machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00191.pdf)
>  To overcome the challenge of upcycling plastic waste into 3-D printing filament in the distributed recycling and additive manufacturing systems, this study designs, builds, tests and validates an open source 3-D filament diameter sensor for recycling and winding machines. The modular system for multi-axis optical control of the diameter of the recycled 3-D-printer filament makes it possible to analyze the surface structure of the processed filament, save the history of measurements along the entire length of the spool, as well as mark defective areas. The sensor is developed as an independent module and integrated into a recyclebot. The diameter sensor was tested on different kinds of polymers (ABS, PLA) different sources of plastic (recycled 3-D prints and virgin plastic waste) and different colors including clear plastic. The results of the diameter measurements using the camera were compared with the manual measurements, and the measurements obtained with a one-dimensional digital light caliper. The results found that the developed open source filament sensing method allows users to obtain significantly more information in comparison with basic one-dimensional light sensors and using the received data not only for more accurate diameter measurements, but also for a detailed analysis of the recycled filament surface. The developed method ensures greater availability of plastics recycling technologies for the manufacturing community and stimulates the growth of composite materials creation. The presented system can greatly enhance the user possibilities and serve as a starting point for a complete recycling control system that will regulate motor parameters to achieve the desired filament diameter with acceptable deviations and even control the extrusion rate on a printer to recover from filament irregularities.      
### 51.Improved Diagnosis of Tibiofemoral Cartilage Defects on MRI Images Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00144.pdf)
>  Background: MRI is the modality of choice for cartilage imaging; however, its diagnostic performance is variable and significantly lower than the gold standard diagnostic knee arthroscopy. In recent years, deep learning has been used to automatically interpret medical images to improve diagnostic accuracy and speed. Purpose: The primary purpose of this study was to evaluate whether deep learning applied to the interpretation of knee MRI images can be utilized to identify cartilage defects accurately. Methods: We analyzed data from patients who underwent knee MRI evaluation and consequently had arthroscopic knee surgery (207 with cartilage defect, 90 without cartilage defect). Patients' arthroscopic findings were compared to preoperative MRI images to verify the presence or absence of isolated tibiofemoral cartilage defects. We developed three convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to analyze the MRI images and implemented image-specific saliency maps to visualize the CNNs' decision-making process. To compare the CNNs' performance against human interpretation, the same test dataset images were provided to an experienced orthopaedic surgeon and an orthopaedic resident. Results: Saliency maps demonstrated that the CNNs learned to focus on the clinically relevant areas of the tibiofemoral articular cartilage on MRI images during the decision-making processes. One CNN achieved higher performance than the orthopaedic surgeon, with two more accurate diagnoses made by the CNN. All the CNNs outperformed the orthopaedic resident. Conclusion: CNN can be used to enhance the diagnostic performance of MRI in identifying isolated tibiofemoral cartilage defects and may replace diagnostic knee arthroscopy in certain cases in the future.      
### 52.Utilizing UNet for the future traffic map prediction task Traffic4cast challenge 2020  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00125.pdf)
>  This paper describes our UNet based experiments on the Traffic4cast challenge 2020. Similar to the Traffic4cast challenge 2019, the task is to predict traffic flow volume, direction and speed on a high resolution map of three large cities worldwide. We mainly experimented with UNet based deep convolutional networks with various compositions of densely connected convolution layers, average pooling layers and max pooling layers. Three base UNet model types are tried and predictions are combined by averaging prediction scores or taking median value. Our method achieved best performance in this years newly built challenge dataset.      
### 53.Dynamic Image for 3D MRI Image Alzheimer's Disease Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00119.pdf)
>  We propose to apply a 2D CNN architecture to 3D MRI image Alzheimer's disease classification. Training a 3D convolutional neural network (CNN) is time-consuming and computationally expensive. We make use of approximate rank pooling to transform the 3D MRI image volume into a 2D image to use as input to a 2D CNN. We show our proposed CNN model achieves $9.5\%$ better Alzheimer's disease classification accuracy than the baseline 3D models. We also show that our method allows for efficient training, requiring only 20% of the training time compared to 3D CNN models. The code is available online: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UkyVision/alzheimer-project" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.Nothing But Geometric Constraints: A Model-Free Method for Articulated Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00088.pdf)
>  We propose an unsupervised vision-based system to estimate the joint configurations of the robot arm from a sequence of RGB or RGB-D images without knowing the model a priori, and then adapt it to the task of category-independent articulated object pose estimation. We combine a classical geometric formulation with deep learning and extend the use of epipolar constraint to multi-rigid-body systems to solve this task. Given a video sequence, the optical flow is estimated to get the pixel-wise dense correspondences. After that, the 6D pose is computed by a modified PnP algorithm. The key idea is to leverage the geometric constraints and the constraint between multiple frames. Furthermore, we build a synthetic dataset with different kinds of robots and multi-joint articulated objects for the research of vision-based robot control and robotic vision. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on three benchmark datasets and show that our method achieves higher accuracy than the state-of-the-art supervised methods in estimating joint angles of robot arms and articulated objects.      
### 55.Move to See Better: Towards Self-Supervised Amodal Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00057.pdf)
>  Humans learn to better understand the world by moving around their environment to get more informative viewpoints of the scene. Most methods for 2D visual recognition tasks such as object detection and segmentation treat images of the same scene as individual samples and do not exploit object permanence in multiple views. Generalization to novel scenes and views thus requires additional training with lots of human annotations. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised framework to improve an object detector in unseen scenarios by moving an agent around in a 3D environment and aggregating multi-view RGB-D information. We unproject confident 2D object detections from the pre-trained detector and perform unsupervised 3D segmentation on the point cloud. The segmented 3D objects are then re-projected to all other views to obtain pseudo-labels for fine-tuning. Experiments on both indoor and outdoor datasets show that (1) our framework performs high-quality 3D segmentation from raw RGB-D data and a pre-trained 2D detector; (2) fine-tuning with self-supervision improves the 2D detector significantly where an unseen RGB image is given as input at test time; (3) training a 3D detector with self-supervision outperforms a comparable self-supervised method by a large margin.      
### 56.Learning Disentangled Latent Factors from Paired Data in Cross-Modal Retrieval: An Implicit Identifiable VAE Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00682.pdf)
>  We deal with the problem of learning the underlying disentangled latent factors that are shared between the paired bi-modal data in cross-modal retrieval. Our assumption is that the data in both modalities are complex, structured, and high dimensional (e.g., image and text), for which the conventional deep auto-encoding latent variable models such as the Variational Autoencoder (VAE) often suffer from difficulty of accurate decoder training or realistic synthesis. A suboptimally trained decoder can potentially harm the model's capability of identifying the true factors. In this paper we propose a novel idea of the implicit decoder, which completely removes the ambient data decoding module from a latent variable model, via implicit encoder inversion that is achieved by Jacobian regularization of the low-dimensional embedding function. Motivated from the recent Identifiable VAE (IVAE) model, we modify it to incorporate the query modality data as conditioning auxiliary input, which allows us to prove that the true parameters of the model can be identified under some regularity conditions. Tested on various datasets where the true factors are fully/partially available, our model is shown to identify the factors accurately, significantly outperforming conventional encoder-decoder latent variable models. We also test our model on the Recipe1M, the large-scale food image/recipe dataset, where the learned factors by our approach highly coincide with the most pronounced food factors that are widely agreed on, including savoriness, wateriness, and greenness.      
### 57.Overcoming the limitations of patch-based learning to detect cancer in whole slide images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00617.pdf)
>  Whole slide images (WSIs) pose unique challenges when training deep learning models. They are very large which makes it necessary to break each image down into smaller patches for analysis, image features have to be extracted at multiple scales in order to capture both detail and context, and extreme class imbalances may exist. Significant progress has been made in the analysis of these images, thanks largely due to the availability of public annotated datasets. We postulate, however, that even if a method scores well on a challenge task, this success may not translate to good performance in a more clinically relevant workflow. Many datasets consist of image patches which may suffer from data curation bias; other datasets are only labelled at the whole slide level and the lack of annotations across an image may mask erroneous local predictions so long as the final decision is correct. In this paper, we outline the differences between patch or slide-level classification versus methods that need to localize or segment cancer accurately across the whole slide, and we experimentally verify that best practices differ in both cases. We apply a binary cancer detection network on post neoadjuvant therapy breast cancer WSIs to find the tumor bed outlining the extent of cancer, a task which requires sensitivity and precision across the whole slide. We extensively study multiple design choices and their effects on the outcome, including architectures and augmentations. Furthermore, we propose a negative data sampling strategy, which drastically reduces the false positive rate (7% on slide level) and improves each metric pertinent to our problem, with a 15% reduction in the error of tumor extent.      
### 58.6.7ms on Mobile with over 78% ImageNet Accuracy: Unified Network Pruning and Architecture Search for Beyond Real-Time Mobile Acceleration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00596.pdf)
>  With the increasing demand to efficiently deploy DNNs on mobile edge devices, it becomes much more important to reduce unnecessary computation and increase the execution speed. Prior methods towards this goal, including model compression and network architecture search (NAS), are largely performed independently and do not fully consider compiler-level optimizations which is a must-do for mobile acceleration. In this work, we first propose (i) a general category of fine-grained structured pruning applicable to various DNN layers, and (ii) a comprehensive, compiler automatic code generation framework supporting different DNNs and different pruning schemes, which bridge the gap of model compression and NAS. We further propose NPAS, a compiler-aware unified network pruning, and architecture search. To deal with large search space, we propose a meta-modeling procedure based on reinforcement learning with fast evaluation and Bayesian optimization, ensuring the total number of training epochs comparable with representative NAS frameworks. Our framework achieves 6.7ms, 5.9ms, 3.9ms ImageNet inference times with 78.2%, 75% (MobileNet-V3 level), and 71% (MobileNet-V2 level) Top-1 accuracy respectively on an off-the-shelf mobile phone, consistently outperforming prior work.      
### 59.Farthest sampling segmentation of triangulated surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00478.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce Farthest Sampling Segmentation (FSS), a new method for segmentation of triangulated surfaces, which consists of two fundamental steps: the computation of a submatrix $W^k$ of the affinity matrix $W$ and the application of the k-means clustering algorithm to the rows of $W^k$. The submatrix $W^k$ is obtained computing the affinity between all triangles and only a few special triangles: those which are farthest in the defined metric. This is equivalent to select a sample of columns of $W$ without constructing it completely. The proposed method is computationally cheaper than other segmentation algorithms, since it only calculates few columns of $W$ and it does not require the eigendecomposition of $W$ or of any submatrix of $W$. <br>We prove that the orthogonal projection of $W$ on the space generated by the columns of $W^k$ coincides with the orthogonal projection of $W$ on the space generated by the $k$ eigenvectors computed by Nystrm's method using the columns of $W^k$ as a sample of $W$. Further, it is shown that for increasing size $k$, the proximity relationship among the rows of $W^k$ tends to faithfully reflect the proximity among the corresponding rows of $W$. <br>The FSS method does not depend on parameters that must be tuned by hand and it is very flexible, since it can handle any metric to define the distance between triangles. Numerical experiments with several metrics and a large variety of 3D triangular meshes show that the segmentations obtained computing less than the 10% of columns $W$ are as good as those obtained from clustering the rows of the full matrix $W$.      
### 60.Rethinking Positive Aggregation and Propagation of Gradients in Gradient-based Saliency Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00362.pdf)
>  Saliency methods interpret the prediction of a neural network by showing the importance of input elements for that prediction. A popular family of saliency methods utilize gradient information. In this work, we empirically show that two approaches for handling the gradient information, namely positive aggregation, and positive propagation, break these methods. Though these methods reflect visually salient information in the input, they do not explain the model prediction anymore as the generated saliency maps are insensitive to the predicted output and are insensitive to model parameter randomization. Specifically for methods that aggregate the gradients of a chosen layer such as GradCAM++ and FullGrad, exclusively aggregating positive gradients is detrimental. We further support this by proposing several variants of aggregation methods with positive handling of gradient information. For methods that backpropagate gradient information such as LRP, RectGrad, and Guided Backpropagation, we show the destructive effect of exclusively propagating positive gradient information.      
### 61.How to fine-tune deep neural networks in few-shot learning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00204.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been widely used in data-intensive applications. However, training a deep neural network often requires a large data set. When there is not enough data available for training, the performance of deep learning models is even worse than that of shallow networks. It has been proved that few-shot learning can generalize to new tasks with few training samples. Fine-tuning of a deep model is simple and effective few-shot learning method. However, how to fine-tune deep learning models (fine-tune convolution layer or BN layer?) still lack deep investigation. Hence, we study how to fine-tune deep models through experimental comparison in this paper. Furthermore, the weight of the models is analyzed to verify the feasibility of the fine-tuning method.      
### 62.Crowd-Sourced Road Quality Mapping in the Developing World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00179.pdf)
>  Road networks are among the most essential components of a country's infrastructure. By facilitating the movement and exchange of goods, people, and ideas, they support economic and cultural activity both within and across borders. Up-to-date mapping of the the geographical distribution of roads and their quality is essential in high-impact applications ranging from land use planning to wilderness conservation. Mapping presents a particularly pressing challenge in developing countries, where documentation is poor and disproportionate amounts of road construction are expected to occur in the coming decades. We present a new crowd-sourced approach capable of assessing road quality and identify key challenges and opportunities in the transferability of deep learning based methods across domains.      
### 63.Deconstructing the Structure of Sparse Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00172.pdf)
>  Although sparse neural networks have been studied extensively, the focus has been primarily on accuracy. In this work, we focus instead on network structure, and analyze three popular algorithms. We first measure performance when structure persists and weights are reset to a different random initialization, thereby extending experiments in Deconstructing Lottery Tickets (Zhou et al., 2019). This experiment reveals that accuracy can be derived from structure alone. Second, to measure structural robustness we investigate the sensitivity of sparse neural networks to further pruning after training, finding a stark contrast between algorithms. Finally, for a recent dynamic sparsity algorithm we investigate how early in training the structure emerges. We find that even after one epoch the structure is mostly determined, allowing us to propose a more efficient algorithm which does not require dense gradients throughout training. In looking back at algorithms for sparse neural networks and analyzing their performance from a different lens, we uncover several interesting properties and promising directions for future research.      
### 64.MUSCLE: Strengthening Semi-Supervised Learning Via Concurrent Unsupervised Learning Using Mutual Information Maximization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00150.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are powerful, massively parameterized machine learning models that have been shown to perform well in supervised learning tasks. However, very large amounts of labeled data are usually needed to train deep neural networks. Several semi-supervised learning approaches have been proposed to train neural networks using smaller amounts of labeled data with a large amount of unlabeled data. The performance of these semi-supervised methods significantly degrades as the size of labeled data decreases. We introduce Mutual-information-based Unsupervised &amp; Semi-supervised Concurrent LEarning (MUSCLE), a hybrid learning approach that uses mutual information to combine both unsupervised and semi-supervised learning. MUSCLE can be used as a stand-alone training scheme for neural networks, and can also be incorporated into other learning approaches. We show that the proposed hybrid model outperforms state of the art on several standard benchmarks, including CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and Mini-Imagenet. Furthermore, the performance gain consistently increases with the reduction in the amount of labeled data, as well as in the presence of bias. We also show that MUSCLE has the potential to boost the classification performance when used in the fine-tuning phase for a model pre-trained only on unlabeled data.      
### 65.Model Adaptation for Inverse Problems in Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00139.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been applied successfully to a wide variety of inverse problems arising in computational imaging. These networks are typically trained using a forward model that describes the measurement process to be inverted, which is often incorporated directly into the network itself. However, these approaches lack robustness to drift of the forward model: if at test time the forward model varies (even slightly) from the one the network was trained for, the reconstruction performance can degrade substantially. Given a network trained to solve an initial inverse problem with a known forward model, we propose two novel procedures that adapt the network to a perturbed forward model, even without full knowledge of the perturbation. Our approaches do not require access to more labeled data (i.e., ground truth images), but only a small set of calibration measurements. We show these simple model adaptation procedures empirically achieve robustness to changes in the forward model in a variety of settings, including deblurring, super-resolution, and undersampled image reconstruction in magnetic resonance imaging.      
