# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 14 Dec 2020
### 1.Entropy Maximization and Meta Classification for Out-Of-Distribution Detection in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06575.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) for the semantic segmentation of images are usually trained to operate on a predefined closed set of object classes. This is in contrast to the "open world" setting where DNNs are envisioned to be deployed to. From a functional safety point of view, the ability to detect so-called "out-of-distribution" (OoD) samples, i.e., objects outside of a DNN's semantic space, is crucial for many applications such as automated driving. A natural baseline approach to OoD detection is to threshold on the pixel-wise softmax entropy. We present a two-step procedure that significantly improves that approach. Firstly, we utilize samples from the COCO dataset as OoD proxy and introduce a second training objective to maximize the softmax entropy on these samples. Starting from pretrained semantic segmentation networks we re-train a number of DNNs on different in-distribution datasets and consistently observe improved OoD detection performance when evaluating on completely disjoint OoD datasets. Secondly, we perform a transparent post-processing step to discard false positive OoD samples by so-called "meta classification". To this end, we apply linear models to a set of hand-crafted metrics derived from the DNN's softmax probabilities. In our experiments we consistently observe a clear additional gain in OoD detection performance, cutting down the number of detection errors by up to 52% when comparing the best baseline with our results. We achieve this improvement sacrificing only marginally in original segmentation performance. Therefore, our method contributes to safer DNNs with more reliable overall system performance.      
### 2.A Comprehensive Study of Deep Video Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06567.pdf)
>  Video action recognition is one of the representative tasks for video understanding. Over the last decade, we have witnessed great advancements in video action recognition thanks to the emergence of deep learning. But we also encountered new challenges, including modeling long-range temporal information in videos, high computation costs, and incomparable results due to datasets and evaluation protocol variances. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive survey of over 200 existing papers on deep learning for video action recognition. We first introduce the 17 video action recognition datasets that influenced the design of models. Then we present video action recognition models in chronological order: starting with early attempts at adapting deep learning, then to the two-stream networks, followed by the adoption of 3D convolutional kernels, and finally to the recent compute-efficient models. In addition, we benchmark popular methods on several representative datasets and release code for reproducibility. In the end, we discuss open problems and shed light on opportunities for video action recognition to facilitate new research ideas.      
### 3.Exploring Facial Expressions and Affective Domains for Parkinson Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06563.pdf)
>  Parkinson's Disease (PD) is a neurological disorder that affects facial movements and non-verbal communication. Patients with PD present a reduction in facial movements called hypomimia which is evaluated in item 3.2 of the MDS-UPDRS-III scale. In this work, we propose to use facial expression analysis from face images based on affective domains to improve PD detection. We propose different domain adaptation techniques to exploit the latest advances in face recognition and Face Action Unit (FAU) detection. The principal contributions of this work are: (1) a novel framework to exploit deep face architectures to model hypomimia in PD patients; (2) we experimentally compare PD detection based on single images vs. image sequences while the patients are evoked various face expressions; (3) we explore different domain adaptation techniques to exploit existing models initially trained either for Face Recognition or to detect FAUs for the automatic discrimination between PD patients and healthy subjects; and (4) a new approach to use triplet-loss learning to improve hypomimia modeling and PD detection. The results on real face images from PD patients show that we are able to properly model evoked emotions using image sequences (neutral, onset-transition, apex, offset-transition, and neutral) with accuracy improvements up to 5.5% (from 72.9% to 78.4%) with respect to single-image PD detection. We also show that our proposed affective-domain adaptation provides improvements in PD detection up to 8.9% (from 78.4% to 87.3% detection accuracy).      
### 4.LayoutGMN: Neural Graph Matching for Structural Layout Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06547.pdf)
>  We present a deep neural network to predict structural similarity between 2D layouts by leveraging Graph Matching Networks (GMN). Our network, coined LayoutGMN, learns the layout metric via neural graph matching, using an attention-based GMN designed under a triplet network setting. To train our network, we utilize weak labels obtained by pixel-wise Intersection-over-Union (IoUs) to define the triplet loss. Importantly, LayoutGMN is built with a structural bias which can effectively compensate for the lack of structure awareness in IoUs. We demonstrate this on two prominent forms of layouts, viz., floorplans and UI designs, via retrieval experiments on large-scale datasets. In particular, retrieval results by our network better match human judgement of structural layout similarity compared to both IoUs and other baselines including a state-of-the-art method based on graph neural networks and image convolution. In addition, LayoutGMN is the first deep model to offer both metric learning of structural layout similarity and structural matching between layout elements.      
### 5.Dependency Decomposition and a Reject Option for Explainable Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06523.pdf)
>  Deploying machine learning models in safety-related do-mains (e.g. autonomous driving, medical diagnosis) demands for approaches that are explainable, robust against adversarial attacks and aware of the model uncertainty. Recent deep learning models perform extremely well in various inference tasks, but the black-box nature of these approaches leads to a weakness regarding the three requirements mentioned above. Recent advances offer methods to visualize features, describe attribution of the input (e.g.heatmaps), provide textual explanations or reduce dimensionality. However,are explanations for classification tasks dependent or are they independent of each other? For in-stance, is the shape of an object dependent on the color? What is the effect of using the predicted class for generating explanations and vice versa? In the context of explainable deep learning models, we present the first analysis of dependencies regarding the probability distribution over the desired image classification outputs and the explaining variables (e.g. attributes, texts, heatmaps). Therefore, we perform an Explanation Dependency Decomposition (EDD). We analyze the implications of the different dependencies and propose two ways of generating the explanation. Finally, we use the explanation to verify (accept or reject) the prediction      
### 6.Detection of Binary Square Fiducial Markers Using an Event Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06516.pdf)
>  Event cameras are a new type of image sensors that output changes in light intensity (events) instead of absolute intensity values. They have a very high temporal resolution and a high dynamic range. In this paper, we propose a method to detect and decode binary square markers using an event camera. We detect the edges of the markers by detecting line segments in an image created from events in the current packet. The line segments are combined to form marker candidates. The bit value of marker cells is decoded using the events on their borders. To the best of our knowledge, no other approach exists for detecting square binary markers directly from an event camera. Experimental results show that the performance of our proposal is much superior to the one from the RGB ArUco marker detector. Additionally, the proposed method can run on a single CPU core in real-time.      
### 7.Objectness-Guided Open Set Visual Search and Closed Set Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06509.pdf)
>  Searching for small objects in large images is currently challenging for deep learning systems, but is a task with numerous applications including remote sensing and medical imaging. Thorough scanning of very large images is computationally expensive, particularly at resolutions sufficient to capture small objects. The smaller an object of interest, the more likely it is to be obscured by clutter or otherwise deemed insignificant. We examine these issues in the context of two complementary problems: closed-set object detection and open-set target search. First, we present a method for predicting pixel-level objectness from a low resolution gist image, which we then use to select regions for subsequent evaluation at high resolution. This approach has the benefit of not being fixed to a predetermined grid, allowing fewer costly high-resolution glimpses than existing methods. Second, we propose a novel strategy for open-set visual search that seeks to find all objects in an image of the same class as a given target reference image. We interpret both detection problems through a probabilistic, Bayesian lens, whereby the objectness maps produced by our method serve as priors in a maximum-a-posteriori approach to the detection step. We evaluate the end-to-end performance of both the combination of our patch selection strategy with this target search approach and the combination of our patch selection strategy with standard object detection methods. Both our patch selection and target search approaches are seen to significantly outperform baseline strategies.      
### 8.Confidence Estimation via Auxiliary Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06508.pdf)
>  Reliably quantifying the confidence of deep neural classifiers is a challenging yet fundamental requirement for deploying such models in safety-critical applications. In this paper, we introduce a novel target criterion for model confidence, namely the true class probability (TCP). We show that TCP offers better properties for confidence estimation than standard maximum class probability (MCP). Since the true class is by essence unknown at test time, we propose to learn TCP criterion from data with an auxiliary model, introducing a specific learning scheme adapted to this context. We evaluate our approach on the task of failure prediction and of self-training with pseudo-labels for domain adaptation, which both necessitate effective confidence estimates. Extensive experiments are conducted for validating the relevance of the proposed approach in each task. We study various network architectures and experiment with small and large datasets for image classification and semantic segmentation. In every tested benchmark, our approach outperforms strong baselines.      
### 9.DeepObjStyle: Deep Object-based Photo Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06498.pdf)
>  One of the major challenges of style transfer is the appropriate image features supervision between the output image and the input (style and content) images. An efficient strategy would be to define an object map between the objects of the style and the content images. However, such a mapping is not well established when there are semantic objects of different types and numbers in the style and the content images. It also leads to content mismatch in the style transfer output, which could reduce the visual quality of the results. We propose an object-based style transfer approach, called DeepObjStyle, for the style supervision in the training data-independent framework. DeepObjStyle preserves the semantics of the objects and achieves better style transfer in the challenging scenario when the style and the content images have a mismatch of image features. We also perform style transfer of images containing a word cloud to demonstrate that DeepObjStyle enables an appropriate image features supervision. We validate the results using quantitative comparisons and user studies.      
### 10.Unsupervised deep learning for individualized brain functional network identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06494.pdf)
>  A novel unsupervised deep learning method is developed to identify individual-specific large scale brain functional networks (FNs) from resting-state fMRI (rsfMRI) in an end-to-end learning fashion. Our method leverages deep Encoder-Decoder networks and conventional brain decomposition models to identify individual-specific FNs in an unsupervised learning framework and facilitate fast inference for new individuals with one forward pass of the deep network. Particularly, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with an Encoder-Decoder architecture are adopted to identify individual-specific FNs from rsfMRI data by optimizing their data fitting and sparsity regularization terms that are commonly used in brain decomposition models. Moreover, a time-invariant representation learning module is designed to learn features invariant to temporal orders of time points of rsfMRI data. The proposed method has been validated based on a large rsfMRI dataset and experimental results have demonstrated that our method could obtain individual-specific FNs which are consistent with well-established FNs and are informative for predicting brain age, indicating that the individual-specific FNs identified truly captured the underlying variability of individualized functional neuroanatomy.      
### 11.EventHands: Real-Time Neural 3D Hand Reconstruction from an Event Stream  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06475.pdf)
>  3D hand pose estimation from monocular videos is a long-standing and challenging problem, which is now seeing a strong upturn. In this work, we address it for the first time using a single event camera, i.e., an asynchronous vision sensor reacting on brightness changes. Our EventHands approach has characteristics previously not demonstrated with a single RGB or depth camera such as high temporal resolution at low data throughputs and real-time performance at 1000 Hz. Due to the different data modality of event cameras compared to classical cameras, existing methods cannot be directly applied to and re-trained for event streams. We thus design a new neural approach which accepts a new event stream representation suitable for learning, which is trained on newly-generated synthetic event streams and can generalise to real data. Experiments show that EventHands outperforms recent monocular methods using a colour (or depth) camera in terms of accuracy and its ability to capture hand motions of unprecedented speed. Our method, the event stream simulator and the dataset will be made publicly available.      
### 12.DILIE: Deep Internal Learning for Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06469.pdf)
>  We consider the generic deep image enhancement problem where an input image is transformed into a perceptually better-looking image. Recent methods for image enhancement consider the problem by performing style transfer and image restoration. The methods mostly fall into two categories: training data-based and training data-independent (deep internal learning methods). We perform image enhancement in the deep internal learning framework. Our Deep Internal Learning for Image Enhancement framework enhances content features and style features and uses contextual content loss for preserving image context in the enhanced image. We show results on both hazy and noisy image enhancement. To validate the results, we use structure similarity and perceptual error, which is efficient in measuring the unrealistic deformation present in the images. We show that the proposed framework outperforms the relevant state-of-the-art works for image enhancement.      
### 13.Cyclic orthogonal convolutions for long-range integration of features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06462.pdf)
>  In Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) information flows across a small neighbourhood of each pixel of an image, preventing long-range integration of features before reaching deep layers in the network. We propose a novel architecture that allows flexible information flow between features $z$ and locations $(x,y)$ across the entire image with a small number of layers. This architecture uses a cycle of three orthogonal convolutions, not only in $(x,y)$ coordinates, but also in $(x,z)$ and $(y,z)$ coordinates. We stack a sequence of such cycles to obtain our deep network, named CycleNet. As this only requires a permutation of the axes of a standard convolution, its performance can be directly compared to a CNN. Our model obtains competitive results at image classification on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets, when compared to CNNs of similar size. We hypothesise that long-range integration favours recognition of objects by shape rather than texture, and we show that CycleNet transfers better than CNNs to stylised images. On the Pathfinder challenge, where integration of distant features is crucial, CycleNet outperforms CNNs by a large margin. We also show that even when employing a small convolutional kernel, the size of receptive fields of CycleNet reaches its maximum after one cycle, while conventional CNNs require a large number of layers.      
### 14.Relighting Images in the Wild with a Self-Supervised Siamese Auto-Encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06444.pdf)
>  We propose a self-supervised method for image relighting of single view images in the wild. The method is based on an auto-encoder which deconstructs an image into two separate encodings, relating to the scene illumination and content, respectively. In order to disentangle this embedding information without supervision, we exploit the assumption that some augmentation operations do not affect the image content and only affect the direction of the light. A novel loss function, called spherical harmonic loss, is introduced that forces the illumination embedding to convert to a spherical harmonic vector. We train our model on large-scale datasets such as Youtube 8M and CelebA. Our experiments show that our method can correctly estimate scene illumination and realistically re-light input images, without any supervision or a prior shape model. Compared to supervised methods, our approach has similar performance and avoids common lighting artifacts.      
### 15.D2-Net: Weakly-Supervised Action Localization via Discriminative Embeddings and Denoised Activations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06440.pdf)
>  This work proposes a weakly-supervised temporal action localization framework, called D2-Net, which strives to temporally localize actions using video-level supervision. Our main contribution is the introduction of a novel loss formulation, which jointly enhances the discriminability of latent embeddings and robustness of the output temporal class activations with respect to foreground-background noise caused by weak supervision. The proposed formulation comprises a discriminative and a denoising loss term for enhancing temporal action localization. The discriminative term incorporates a classification loss and utilizes a top-down attention mechanism to enhance the separability of latent foreground-background embeddings. The denoising loss term explicitly addresses the foreground-background noise in class activations by simultaneously maximizing intra-video and inter-video mutual information using a bottom-up attention mechanism. As a result, activations in the foreground regions are emphasized whereas those in the background regions are suppressed, thereby leading to more robust predictions. Comprehensive experiments are performed on two benchmarks: THUMOS14 and ActivityNet1.2. Our D2-Net performs favorably in comparison to the existing methods on both datasets, achieving gains as high as 3.6% in terms of mean average precision on THUMOS14.      
### 16.Iso-Points: Optimizing Neural Implicit Surfaces with Hybrid Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06434.pdf)
>  Neural implicit functions have emerged as a powerful representation for surfaces in 3D. Such a function can encode a high quality surface with intricate details into the parameters of a deep neural network. However, optimizing for the parameters for accurate and robust reconstructions remains a challenge, especially when the input data is noisy or incomplete. In this work, we develop a hybrid neural surface representation that allows us to impose geometry-aware sampling and regularization, which significantly improves the fidelity of reconstructions. We propose to use \emph{iso-points} as an explicit representation for a neural implicit function. These points are computed and updated on-the-fly during training to capture important geometric features and impose geometric constraints on the optimization. We demonstrate that our method can be adopted to improve state-of-the-art techniques for reconstructing neural implicit surfaces from multi-view images or point clouds. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations show that, compared with existing sampling and optimization methods, our approach allows faster convergence, better generalization, and accurate recovery of details and topology.      
### 17.Imitation-Based Active Camera Control with Deep Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06428.pdf)
>  The increasing need for automated visual monitoring and control for applications such as smart camera surveillance, traffic monitoring, and intelligent environments, necessitates the improvement of methods for visual active monitoring. Traditionally, the active monitoring task has been handled through a pipeline of modules such as detection, filtering, and control. In this paper we frame active visual monitoring as an imitation learning problem to be solved in a supervised manner using deep learning, to go directly from visual information to camera movement in order to provide a satisfactory solution by combining computer vision and control. A deep convolutional neural network is trained end-to-end as the camera controller that learns the entire processing pipeline needed to control a camera to follow multiple targets and also estimate their density from a single image. Experimental results indicate that the proposed solution is robust to varying conditions and is able to achieve better monitoring performance both in terms of number of targets monitored as well as in monitoring time than traditional approaches, while reaching up to 25 FPS. Thus making it a practical and affordable solution for multi-target active monitoring in surveillance and smart-environment applications.      
### 18.A Multi-task Joint Framework for Real-time Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06418.pdf)
>  Person search generally involves three important parts: person detection, feature extraction and identity comparison. However, person search integrating detection, extraction and comparison has the following drawbacks. Firstly, the accuracy of detection will affect the accuracy of comparison. Secondly, it is difficult to achieve real-time in real-world applications. To solve these problems, we propose a Multi-task Joint Framework for real-time person search (MJF), which optimizes the person detection, feature extraction and identity comparison respectively. For the person detection module, we proposed the YOLOv5-GS model, which is trained with person dataset. It combines the advantages of the Ghostnet and the Squeeze-and-Excitation (SE) block, and improves the speed and accuracy. For the feature extraction module, we design the Model Adaptation Architecture (MAA), which could select different network according to the number of people. It could balance the relationship between accuracy and speed. For identity comparison, we propose a Three Dimension (3D) Pooled Table and a matching strategy to improve identification accuracy. On the condition of 1920*1080 resolution video and 500 IDs table, the identification rate (IR) and frames per second (FPS) achieved by our method could reach 93.6% and 25.7,      
### 19.A new automatic approach to seed image analysis: From acquisition to segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06414.pdf)
>  Image Analysis offers a new tool for classifying vascular plant species based on the morphological and colorimetric features of the seeds, and has made significant contributions in systematic studies. However, in order to extract the morphological and colorimetric features, it is necessary to segment the image containing the samples to be analysed. This stage represents one of the most challenging steps in image processing, as it is difficult to separate uniform and homogeneous objects from the background. In this paper, we present a new, open source plugin for the automatic segmentation of an image of a seed sample. This plugin was written in Java to allow it to work with ImageJ open source software. The new plugin was tested on a total of 3,386 seed samples from 120 species belonging to the Fabaceae family. Digital images were acquired using a flatbed scanner. In order to test the efficacy of this approach in terms of identifying the edges of objects and separating them from the background, each sample was scanned using four different hues of blue for the background, and a total of 480 digital images were elaborated. The performance of the new plugin was compared with a method based on double image acquisition (with a black and white background) using the same seed samples, in which images were manually segmented using the Core ImageJ plugin. The results showed that the new plugin was able to segment all of the digital images without generating any object detection errors. In addition, the new plugin was able to segment images within an average of 0.02 s, while the average time for execution with the manual method was 63 s. This new open source plugin is proven to be able to work on a single image, and to be highly efficient in terms of time and segmentation when working with large numbers of images and a wide diversity of shapes.      
### 20.Random Projections for Adversarial Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06405.pdf)
>  Whilst adversarial attack detection has received considerable attention, it remains a fundamentally challenging problem from two perspectives. First, while threat models can be well-defined, attacker strategies may still vary widely within those constraints. Therefore, detection should be considered as an open-set problem, standing in contrast to most current detection strategies. These methods take a closed-set view and train binary detectors, thus biasing detection toward attacks seen during detector training. Second, information is limited at test time and confounded by nuisance factors including the label and underlying content of the image. Many of the current high-performing techniques use training sets for dealing with some of these issues, but can be limited by the overall size and diversity of those sets during the detection step. We address these challenges via a novel strategy based on random subspace analysis. We present a technique that makes use of special properties of random projections, whereby we can characterize the behavior of clean and adversarial examples across a diverse set of subspaces. We then leverage the self-consistency (or inconsistency) of model activations to discern clean from adversarial examples. Performance evaluation demonstrates that our technique outperforms ($&gt;0.92$ AUC) competing state of the art (SOTA) attack strategies, while remaining truly agnostic to the attack method itself. It also requires significantly less training data, composed only of clean examples, when compared to competing SOTA methods, which achieve only chance performance, when evaluated in a more rigorous testing scenario.      
### 21.Spatial Temporal Transformer Network for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06399.pdf)
>  Skeleton-based human action recognition has achieved a great interest in recent years, as skeleton data has been demonstrated to be robust to illumination changes, body scales, dynamic camera views, and complex background. Nevertheless, an effective encoding of the latent information underlying the 3D skeleton is still an open problem. In this work, we propose a novel Spatial-Temporal Transformer network (ST-TR) which models dependencies between joints using the Transformer self-attention operator. In our ST-TR model, a Spatial Self-Attention module (SSA) is used to understand intra-frame interactions between different body parts, and a Temporal Self-Attention module (TSA) to model inter-frame correlations. The two are combined in a two-stream network which outperforms state-of-the-art models using the same input data on both NTU-RGB+D 60 and NTU-RGB+D 120.      
### 22.Cyclopean Geometry of Binocular Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06363.pdf)
>  The geometry of binocular projection is analyzed, with reference to the primate visual system. In particular, the effects of coordinated eye movements on the retinal images are investigated. An appropriate oculomotor parameterization is defined, and is shown to complement the classical version and vergence angles. The midline horopter is identified, and subsequently used to construct the epipolar geometry of the system. It is shown that the Essential matrix can be obtained by combining the epipoles with the projection of the midline horopter. A local model of the scene is adopted, in which depth is measured relative to a plane containing the fixation point. The binocular disparity field is given a symmetric parameterization, in which the unknown scene-depths determine the location of corresponding image-features. The resulting Cyclopean depth-map can be combined with the estimated oculomotor parameters, to produce a local representation of the scene. The recovery of visual direction and depth from retinal images is discussed, with reference to the relevant psychophysical and neurophysiological literature.      
### 23.Self-Growing Spatial Graph Network for Context-Aware Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06320.pdf)
>  Pedestrian trajectory prediction is an active research area with recent works undertaken to embed accurate models of pedestrians social interactions and their contextual compliance into dynamic spatial graphs. However, existing works rely on spatial assumptions about the scene and dynamics, which entails a significant challenge to adapt the graph structure in unknown environments for an online system. %Additionally, tackling the same problem for streamed data entails the inherent challenge of adapting the graph structure to represent pedestrians interactions without reliance on spatial assumptions. In addition, there is a lack of assessment approach for the relational modeling impact on prediction performance. To fill this gap, we propose Social Trajectory Recommender-Gated Graph Recurrent Neighborhood Network, (STR-GGRNN), which uses data-driven adaptive online neighborhood recommendation based on the contextual scene features and pedestrian visual cues. The neighborhood recommendation is achieved by online Nonnegative Matrix Factorization (NMF) to construct the graph adjacency matrices for predicting the pedestrians' trajectories. %and evaluates the adjacency matrix against prediction errors. s Experiments based on widely-used datasets show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art. Our best performing model achieves 12 cm ADE and $\sim$15 cm FDE on ETH-UCY dataset. The proposed method takes only 0.49 seconds when sampling a total of 20K future trajectories per frame.      
### 24.Video Camera Identification from Sensor Pattern Noise with a Constrained ConvNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06277.pdf)
>  The identification of source cameras from videos, though it is a highly relevant forensic analysis topic, has been studied much less than its counterpart that uses images. In this work we propose a method to identify the source camera of a video based on camera specific noise patterns that we extract from video frames. For the extraction of noise pattern features, we propose an extended version of a constrained convolutional layer capable of processing color inputs. Our system is designed to classify individual video frames which are in turn combined by a majority vote to identify the source camera. We evaluated this approach on the benchmark VISION data set consisting of 1539 videos from 28 different cameras. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that addresses the challenge of video camera identification on a device level. The experiments show that our approach is very promising, achieving up to 93.1% accuracy while being robust to the WhatsApp and YouTube compression techniques. This work is part of the EU-funded project 4NSEEK focused on forensics against child sexual abuse.      
### 25.One Point is All You Need: Directional Attention Point for Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06257.pdf)
>  We present a novel attention-based mechanism for learning enhanced point features for tasks such as point cloud classification and segmentation. Our key message is that if the right attention point is selected, then "one point is all you need" -- not a sequence as in a recurrent model and not a pre-selected set as in all prior works. Also, where the attention point is should be learned, from data and specific to the task at hand. Our mechanism is characterized by a new and simple convolution, which combines the feature at an input point with the feature at its associated attention point. We call such a point adirectional attention point (DAP), since it is found by adding to the original point an offset vector that is learned by maximizing the task performance in training. We show that our attention mechanism can be easily incorporated into state-of-the-art point cloud classification and segmentation networks. Extensive experiments on common benchmarks such as ModelNet40, ShapeNetPart, and S3DIS demonstrate that our DAP-enabled networks consistently outperform the respective original networks, as well as all other competitive alternatives, including those employing pre-selected sets of attention points.      
### 26.Garment Recommendation with Memory Augmented Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06200.pdf)
>  Fashion plays a pivotal role in society. Combining garments appropriately is essential for people to communicate their personality and style. Also different events require outfits to be thoroughly chosen to comply with underlying social clothing rules. Therefore, combining garments appropriately might not be trivial. The fashion industry has turned this into a massive source of income, relying on complex recommendation systems to retrieve and suggest appropriate clothing items for customers. To perform better recommendations, personalized suggestions can be performed, taking into account user preferences or purchase histories. In this paper, we propose a garment recommendation system to pair different clothing items, namely tops and bottoms, exploiting a Memory Augmented Neural Network (MANN). By training a memory writing controller, we are able to store a non-redundant subset of samples, which is then used to retrieve a ranked list of suitable bottoms to complement a given top. In particular, we aim at retrieving a variety of modalities in which a certain garment can be combined. To refine our recommendations, we then include user preferences via Matrix Factorization. We experiment on IQON3000, a dataset collected from an online fashion community, reporting state of the art results.      
### 27.Learning Edge-Preserved Image Stitching from Large-Baseline Deep Homography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06194.pdf)
>  Image stitching is a classical and crucial technique in computer vision, which aims to generate the image with a wide field of view. The traditional methods heavily depend on the feature detection and require that scene features be dense and evenly distributed in the image, leading to varying ghosting effects and poor robustness. Learning methods usually suffer from fixed view and input size limitations, showing a lack of generalization ability on other real datasets. In this paper, we propose an image stitching learning framework, which consists of a large-baseline deep homography module and an edge-preserved deformation module. First, we propose a large-baseline deep homography module to estimate the accurate projective transformation between the reference image and the target image in different scales of features. After that, an edge-preserved deformation module is designed to learn the deformation rules of image stitching from edge to content, eliminating the ghosting effects as much as possible. In particular, the proposed learning framework can stitch images of arbitrary views and input sizes, thus contribute to a supervised deep image stitching method with excellent generalization capability in other real images. Experimental results demonstrate that our homography module significantly outperforms the existing deep homography methods in the large baseline scenes. In image stitching, our method is superior to the existing learning method and shows competitive performance with state-of-the-art traditional methods.      
### 28.Writer Identification and Writer Retrieval Based on NetVLAD with Re-ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06186.pdf)
>  This paper addresses writer identification and retrieval which is a challenging problem in the document analysis field. In this work, a novel pipeline is proposed for the problem by employing a unified neural network architecture consisting of the ResNet-20 as a feature extractor and an integrated NetVLAD layer, inspired by the vectors of locally aggregated descriptors (VLAD), in the head of the latter part. Having defined this architecture, triplet semi-hard loss function is used to directly learn an embedding for individual input image patches. Generalised max-pooling is used for the aggregation of embedded descriptors of each handwritten image. In the evaluation part, for identification and retrieval, re-ranking has been done based on query expansion and $k$-reciprocal nearest neighbours, and it is shown that the pipeline can benefit tremendously from this step. Experimental evaluation shows that our writer identification and writer retrieval pipeline is superior compared to the state-of-the-art pipelines, as our results on the publicly available ICDAR13 and CVL datasets set new standards by achieving 96.5\% and 98.4\% mAP, respectively.      
### 29.Detailed 3D Human Body Reconstruction from Multi-view Images Combining Voxel Super-Resolution and Learned Implicit Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06178.pdf)
>  The task of reconstructing detailed 3D human body models from images is interesting but challenging in computer vision due to the high freedom of human bodies. In order to tackle the problem, we propose a coarse-to-fine method to reconstruct a detailed 3D human body from multi-view images combining voxel super-resolution based on learning the implicit representation. Firstly, the coarse 3D models are estimated by learning an implicit representation based on multi-scale features which are extracted by multi-stage hourglass networks from the multi-view images. Then, taking the low resolution voxel grids which are generated by the coarse 3D models as input, the voxel super-resolution based on an implicit representation is learned through a multi-stage 3D convolutional neural network. Finally, the refined detailed 3D human body models can be produced by the voxel super-resolution which can preserve the details and reduce the false reconstruction of the coarse 3D models. Benefiting from the implicit representation, the training process in our method is memory efficient and the detailed 3D human body produced by our method from multi-view images is the continuous decision boundary with high-resolution geometry. In addition, the coarse-to-fine method based on voxel super-resolution can remove false reconstructions and preserve the appearance details in the final reconstruction, simultaneously. In the experiments, our method quantitatively and qualitatively achieves the competitive 3D human body reconstructions from images with various poses and shapes on both the real and synthetic datasets.      
### 30.AViNet: Diving Deep into Audio-Visual Saliency Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06170.pdf)
>  We propose the \textbf{AViNet} architecture for audiovisual saliency prediction. AViNet is a fully convolutional encoder-decoder architecture. The encoder combines visual features learned for action recognition, with audio embeddings learned via an aural network designed to classify objects and scenes. The decoder infers a saliency map via trilinear interpolation and 3D convolutions, combining hierarchical features. The overall architecture is conceptually simple, causal, and runs in real-time (60 fps). AViNet outperforms the state-of-the-art on ten (seven audiovisual and three visual-only) datasets while surpassing human performance on the CC, SIM, and AUC metrics for the AVE dataset. Visual features maximally account for saliency on existing datasets with audio-only contributing to minor gains, except in specific contexts like social events. Our work, therefore, motivates the need to curate saliency datasets reflective of real-life, where both the visual and aural modalities complimentarily drive saliency. Our code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/samyak0210/VideoSaliency" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 31.Few-Shot Segmentation Without Meta-Learning: A Good Transductive Inference Is All You Need?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06166.pdf)
>  Few-shot segmentation has recently attracted substantial interest, with the popular meta-learning paradigm widely dominating the literature. We show that the way inference is performed for a given few-shot segmentation task has a substantial effect on performances, an aspect that has been overlooked in the literature. We introduce a transductive inference, which leverages the statistics of the unlabeled pixels of a task by optimizing a new loss containing three complementary terms: (i) a standard cross-entropy on the labeled pixels; (ii) the entropy of posteriors on the unlabeled query pixels; and (iii) a global KL-divergence regularizer based on the proportion of the predicted foreground region. Our inference uses a simple linear classifier of the extracted features, has a computational load comparable to inductive inference and can be used on top of any base training. Using standard cross-entropy training on the base classes, our inference yields highly competitive performances on well-known few-shot segmentation benchmarks. On PASCAL-5i, it brings about 5% improvement over the best performing state-of-the-art method in the 5-shot scenario, while being on par in the 1-shot setting. Even more surprisingly, this gap widens as the number of support samples increases, reaching up to 6% in the 10-shot scenario. Furthermore, we introduce a more realistic setting with domain shift, where the base and novel classes are drawn from different datasets. In this setting, we found that our method achieves the best performances.      
### 32.Superpixel Segmentation Based on Spatially Constrained Subspace Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06149.pdf)
>  Superpixel segmentation aims at dividing the input image into some representative regions containing pixels with similar and consistent intrinsic properties, without any prior knowledge about the shape and size of each superpixel. In this paper, to alleviate the limitation of superpixel segmentation applied in practical industrial tasks that detailed boundaries are difficult to be kept, we regard each representative region with independent semantic information as a subspace, and correspondingly formulate superpixel segmentation as a subspace clustering problem to preserve more detailed content boundaries. We show that a simple integration of superpixel segmentation with the conventional subspace clustering does not effectively work due to the spatial correlation of the pixels within a superpixel, which may lead to boundary confusion and segmentation error when the correlation is ignored. Consequently, we devise a spatial regularization and propose a novel convex locality-constrained subspace clustering model that is able to constrain the spatial adjacent pixels with similar attributes to be clustered into a superpixel and generate the content-aware superpixels with more detailed boundaries. Finally, the proposed model is solved by an efficient alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) solver. Experiments on different standard datasets demonstrate that the proposed method achieves superior performance both quantitatively and qualitatively compared with some state-of-the-art methods.      
### 33.Classifying Breast Histopathology Images with a Ductal Instance-Oriented Pipeline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06136.pdf)
>  In this study, we propose the Ductal Instance-Oriented Pipeline (DIOP) that contains a duct-level instance segmentation model, a tissue-level semantic segmentation model, and three-levels of features for diagnostic classification. Based on recent advancements in instance segmentation and the Mask R-CNN model, our duct-level segmenter tries to identify each ductal individual inside a microscopic image; then, it extracts tissue-level information from the identified ductal instances. Leveraging three levels of information obtained from these ductal instances and also the histopathology image, the proposed DIOP outperforms previous approaches (both feature-based and CNN-based) in all diagnostic tasks; for the four-way classification task, the DIOP achieves comparable performance to general pathologists in this unique dataset. The proposed DIOP only takes a few seconds to run in the inference time, which could be used interactively on most modern computers. More clinical explorations are needed to study the robustness and generalizability of this system in the future.      
### 34.Intrinsic Temporal Regularization for High-resolution Human Video Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06134.pdf)
>  Temporal consistency is crucial for extending image processing pipelines to the video domain, which is often enforced with flow-based warping error over adjacent frames. Yet for human video synthesis, such scheme is less reliable due to the misalignment between source and target video as well as the difficulty in accurate flow estimation. In this paper, we propose an effective intrinsic temporal regularization scheme to mitigate these issues, where an intrinsic confidence map is estimated via the frame generator to regulate motion estimation via temporal loss modulation. This creates a shortcut for back-propagating temporal loss gradients directly to the front-end motion estimator, thus improving training stability and temporal coherence in output videos. We apply our intrinsic temporal regulation to single-image generator, leading to a powerful "INTERnet" capable of generating $512\times512$ resolution human action videos with temporal-coherent, realistic visual details. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of proposed INTERnet over several competitive baselines.      
### 35.Color-related Local Binary Pattern: A Learned Local Descriptor for Color Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06132.pdf)
>  Local binary pattern (LBP) as a kind of local feature has shown its simplicity, easy implementation and strong discriminating power in image recognition. Although some LBP variants are specifically investigated for color image recognition, the color information of images is not adequately considered and the curse of dimensionality in classification is easily caused in these methods. In this paper, a color-related local binary pattern (cLBP) which learns the dominant patterns from the decoded LBP is proposed for color images recognition. This paper first proposes a relative similarity space (RSS) that represents the color similarity between image channels for describing a color image. Then, the decoded LBP which can mine the correlation information between the LBP feature maps correspond to each color channel of RSS traditional RGB spaces, is employed for feature extraction. Finally, a feature learning strategy is employed to learn the dominant color-related patterns for reducing the dimension of feature vector and further improving the discriminatively of features. The theoretic analysis show that the proposed RSS can provide more discriminative information, and has higher noise robustness as well as higher illumination variation robustness than traditional RGB space. Experimental results on four groups, totally twelve public color image datasets show that the proposed method outperforms most of the LBP variants for color image recognition in terms of dimension of features, recognition accuracy under noise-free, noisy and illumination variation conditions.      
### 36.Learning Omni-frequency Region-adaptive Representations for Real Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06131.pdf)
>  Traditional single image super-resolution (SISR) methods that focus on solving single and uniform degradation (i.e., bicubic down-sampling), typically suffer from poor performance when applied into real-world low-resolution (LR) images due to the complicated realistic degradations. The key to solving this more challenging real image super-resolution (RealSR) problem lies in learning feature representations that are both informative and content-aware. In this paper, we propose an Omni-frequency Region-adaptive Network (ORNet) to address both challenges, here we call features of all low, middle and high frequencies omni-frequency features. Specifically, we start from the frequency perspective and design a Frequency Decomposition (FD) module to separate different frequency components to comprehensively compensate the information lost for real LR image. Then, considering the different regions of real LR image have different frequency information lost, we further design a Region-adaptive Frequency Aggregation (RFA) module by leveraging dynamic convolution and spatial attention to adaptively restore frequency components for different regions. The extensive experiments endorse the effective, and scenario-agnostic nature of our OR-Net for RealSR.      
### 37.A Dark Flash Normal Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06125.pdf)
>  Casual photography is often performed in uncontrolled lighting that can result in low quality images and degrade the performance of downstream processing. We consider the problem of estimating surface normal and reflectance maps of scenes depicting people despite these conditions by supplementing the available visible illumination with a single near infrared (NIR) light source and camera, a so-called "dark flash image". Our method takes as input a single color image captured under arbitrary visible lighting and a single dark flash image captured under controlled front-lit NIR lighting at the same viewpoint, and computes a normal map, a diffuse albedo map, and a specular intensity map of the scene. Since ground truth normal and reflectance maps of faces are difficult to capture, we propose a novel training technique that combines information from two readily available and complementary sources: a stereo depth signal and photometric shading cues. We evaluate our method over a range of subjects and lighting conditions and describe two applications: optimizing stereo geometry and filling the shadows in an image.      
### 38.A Log-likelihood Regularized KL Divergence for Video Prediction with A 3D Convolutional Variational Recurrent Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06123.pdf)
>  The use of latent variable models has shown to be a powerful tool for modeling probability distributions over sequences. In this paper, we introduce a new variational model that extends the recurrent network in two ways for the task of video frame prediction. First, we introduce 3D convolutions inside all modules including the recurrent model for future frame prediction, inputting and outputting a sequence of video frames at each timestep. This enables us to better exploit spatiotemporal information inside the variational recurrent model, allowing us to generate high-quality predictions. Second, we enhance the latent loss of the variational model by introducing a maximum likelihood estimate in addition to the KL divergence that is commonly used in variational models. This simple extension acts as a stronger regularizer in the variational autoencoder loss function and lets us obtain better results and generalizability. Experiments show that our model outperforms existing video prediction methods on several benchmarks while requiring fewer parameters.      
### 39.How to Train PointGoal Navigation Agents on a (Sample and Compute) Budget  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06117.pdf)
>  PointGoal navigation has seen significant recent interest and progress, spurred on by the Habitat platform and associated challenge. In this paper, we study PointGoal navigation under both a sample budget (75 million frames) and a compute budget (1 GPU for 1 day). We conduct an extensive set of experiments, cumulatively totaling over 50,000 GPU-hours, that let us identify and discuss a number of ostensibly minor but significant design choices -- the advantage estimation procedure (a key component in training), visual encoder architecture, and a seemingly minor hyper-parameter change. Overall, these design choices to lead considerable and consistent improvements over the baselines present in Savva et al. Under a sample budget, performance for RGB-D agents improves 8 SPL on Gibson (14% relative improvement) and 20 SPL on Matterport3D (38% relative improvement). Under a compute budget, performance for RGB-D agents improves by 19 SPL on Gibson (32% relative improvement) and 35 SPL on Matterport3D (220% relative improvement). We hope our findings and recommendations will make serve to make the community's experiments more efficient.      
### 40.A novel joint points and silhouette-based method to estimate 3D human pose and shape  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06109.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method for 3D human pose and shape estimation from images with sparse views, using joint points and silhouettes, based on a parametric model. Firstly, the parametric model is fitted to the joint points estimated by deep learning-based human pose estimation. Then, we extract the correspondence between the parametric model of pose fitting and silhouettes on 2D and 3D space. A novel energy function based on the correspondence is built and minimized to fit parametric model to the silhouettes. Our approach uses sufficient shape information because the energy function of silhouettes is built from both 2D and 3D space. This also means that our method only needs images from sparse views, which balances data used and the required prior information. Results on synthetic data and real data demonstrate the competitive performance of our approach on pose and shape estimation of the human body.      
### 41.Monocular Real-time Full Body Capture with Inter-part Correlations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06087.pdf)
>  We present the first method for real-time full body capture that estimates shape and motion of body and hands together with a dynamic 3D face model from a single color image. Our approach uses a new neural network architecture that exploits correlations between body and hands at high computational efficiency. Unlike previous works, our approach is jointly trained on multiple datasets focusing on hand, body or face separately, without requiring data where all the parts are annotated at the same time, which is much more difficult to create at sufficient variety. The possibility of such multi-dataset training enables superior generalization ability. In contrast to earlier monocular full body methods, our approach captures more expressive 3D face geometry and color by estimating the shape, expression, albedo and illumination parameters of a statistical face model. Our method achieves competitive accuracy on public benchmarks, while being significantly faster and providing more complete face reconstructions.      
### 42.Spatio-attentive Graphs for Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06060.pdf)
>  We address the problem of detecting human--object interactions in images using graphical neural networks. Our network constructs a bipartite graph of nodes representing detected humans and objects, wherein messages passed between the nodes encode relative spatial and appearance information. Unlike existing approaches that separate appearance and spatial features, our method fuses these two cues within a single graphical model allowing information conditioned on both modalities to influence the prediction of interactions with neighboring nodes. Through extensive experimentation we demonstrate the advantages of fusing relative spatial information with appearance features in the computation of adjacency structure, message passing and the ultimate refined graph features. On the popular HICO-DET benchmark dataset, our model outperforms state-of-the-art with an mAP of 27.18, a 10% relative improvement.      
### 43.Mesoscopic photogrammetry with an unstabilized phone camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06044.pdf)
>  We present a feature-free photogrammetric technique that enables quantitative 3D mesoscopic (mm-scale height variation) imaging with tens-of-micron accuracy from sequences of images acquired by a smartphone at close range (several cm) under freehand motion without additional hardware. Our end-to-end, pixel-intensity-based approach jointly registers and stitches all the images by estimating a coaligned height map, which acts as a pixel-wise radial deformation field that orthorectifies each camera image to allow homographic registration. The height maps themselves are reparameterized as the output of an untrained encoder-decoder convolutional neural network (CNN) with the raw camera images as the input, which effectively removes many reconstruction artifacts. Our method also jointly estimates both the camera's dynamic 6D pose and its distortion using a nonparametric model, the latter of which is especially important in mesoscopic applications when using cameras not designed for imaging at short working distances, such as smartphone cameras. We also propose strategies for reducing computation time and memory, applicable to other multi-frame registration problems. Finally, we demonstrate our method using sequences of multi-megapixel images captured by an unstabilized smartphone on a variety of samples (e.g., painting brushstrokes, circuit board, seeds).      
### 44.Uncertainty-Aware Deep Calibrated Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06020.pdf)
>  Existing deep neural network based salient object detection (SOD) methods mainly focus on pursuing high network accuracy. However, those methods overlook the gap between network accuracy and prediction confidence, known as the confidence uncalibration problem. Thus, state-of-the-art SOD networks are prone to be overconfident. In other words, the predicted confidence of the networks does not reflect the real probability of correctness of salient object detection, which significantly hinder their real-world applicability. In this paper, we introduce an uncertaintyaware deep SOD network, and propose two strategies from different perspectives to prevent deep SOD networks from being overconfident. The first strategy, namely Boundary Distribution Smoothing (BDS), generates continuous labels by smoothing the original binary ground-truth with respect to pixel-wise uncertainty. The second strategy, namely Uncertainty-Aware Temperature Scaling (UATS), exploits a relaxed Sigmoid function during both training and testing with spatially-variant temperature scaling to produce softened output. Both strategies can be incorporated into existing deep SOD networks with minimal efforts. Moreover, we propose a new saliency evaluation metric, namely dense calibration measure C, to measure how the model is calibrated on a given dataset. Extensive experimental results on seven benchmark datasets demonstrate that our solutions can not only better calibrate SOD models, but also improve the network accuracy.      
### 45.A MAC-less Neural Inference Processor Supporting Compressed, Variable Precision Weights  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06018.pdf)
>  This paper introduces two architectures for the inference of convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Both architectures exploit weight sparsity and compression to reduce computational complexity and bandwidth. The first architecture uses multiply-accumulators (MACs) but avoids unnecessary multiplications by skipping zero weights. The second architecture exploits weight sparsity at the level of their bit representation by substituting resource-intensive MACs with much smaller Bit Layer Multiply Accumulators (BLMACs). The use of BLMACs also allows variable precision weights as variable size integers and even floating points. Some details of an implementation of the second architecture are given. Weight compression with arithmetic coding is also discussed as well as bandwidth implications. Finally, some implementation results for a pathfinder design and various technologies are presented.      
### 46.Vision-based Price Suggestion for Online Second-hand Items  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06009.pdf)
>  Different from shopping in physical stores, where people have the opportunity to closely check a product (e.g., touching the surface of a T-shirt or smelling the scent of perfume) before making a purchase decision, online shoppers rely greatly on the uploaded product images to make any purchase decision. The decision-making is challenging when selling or purchasing second-hand items online since estimating the items' prices is not trivial. In this work, we present a vision-based price suggestion system for the online second-hand item shopping platform. The goal of vision-based price suggestion is to help sellers set effective prices for their second-hand listings with the images uploaded to the online platforms. <br>First, we propose to better extract representative visual features from the images with the aid of some other image-based item information (e.g., category, brand). Then, we design a vision-based price suggestion module which takes the extracted visual features along with some statistical item features from the shopping platform as the inputs to determine whether an uploaded item image is qualified for price suggestion by a binary classification model, and provide price suggestions for items with qualified images by a regression model. According to two demands from the platform, two different objective functions are proposed to jointly optimize the classification model and the regression model. For better model training, we also propose a warm-up training strategy for the joint optimization. Extensive experiments on a large real-world dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our vision-based price prediction system.      
### 47.A Generative Approach for Detection-driven Underwater Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05990.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a generative model for image enhancement specifically for improving diver detection in the underwater domain. In particular, we present a model that integrates generative adversarial network (GAN)-based image enhancement with the diver detection task. Our proposed approach restructures the GAN objective function to include information from a pre-trained diver detector with the goal to generate images which would enhance the accuracy of the detector in adverse visual conditions. By incorporating the detector output into both the generator and discriminator networks, our model is able to focus on enhancing images beyond aesthetic qualities and specifically to improve robotic detection of scuba divers. We train our network on a large dataset of scuba divers, using a state-of-the-art diver detector, and demonstrate its utility on images collected from oceanic explorations of human-robot teams. Experimental evaluations demonstrate that our approach significantly improves diver detection performance over raw, unenhanced images, and even outperforms detection performance on the output of state-of-the-art underwater image enhancement algorithms. Finally, we demonstrate the inference performance of our network on embedded devices to highlight the feasibility of operating on board mobile robotic platforms.      
### 48.Image-Graph-Image Translation via Auto-Encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05975.pdf)
>  This work presents the first convolutional neural network that learns an image-to-graph translation task without needing external supervision. Obtaining graph representations of image content, where objects are represented as nodes and their relationships as edges, is an important task in scene understanding. Current approaches follow a fully-supervised approach thereby requiring meticulous annotations. To overcome this, we are the first to present a self-supervised approach based on a fully-differentiable auto-encoder in which the bottleneck encodes the graph's nodes and edges. This self-supervised approach can currently encode simple line drawings into graphs and obtains comparable results to a fully-supervised baseline in terms of F1 score on triplet matching. Besides these promising results, we provide several directions for future research on how our approach can be extended to cover more complex imagery.      
### 49.Super-resolution Guided Pore Detection for Fingerprint Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05959.pdf)
>  Performance of fingerprint recognition algorithms substantially rely on fine features extracted from fingerprints. Apart from minutiae and ridge patterns, pore features have proven to be usable for fingerprint recognition. Although features from minutiae and ridge patterns are quite attainable from low-resolution images, using pore features is practical only if the fingerprint image is of high resolution which necessitates a model that enhances the image quality of the conventional 500 ppi legacy fingerprints preserving the fine details. To find a solution for recovering pore information from low-resolution fingerprints, we adopt a joint learning-based approach that combines both super-resolution and pore detection networks. Our modified single image Super-Resolution Generative Adversarial Network (SRGAN) framework helps to reliably reconstruct high-resolution fingerprint samples from low-resolution ones assisting the pore detection network to identify pores with a high accuracy. The network jointly learns a distinctive feature representation from a real low-resolution fingerprint sample and successfully synthesizes a high-resolution sample from it. To add discriminative information and uniqueness for all the subjects, we have integrated features extracted from a deep fingerprint verifier with the SRGAN quality discriminator. We also add ridge reconstruction loss, utilizing ridge patterns to make the best use of extracted features. Our proposed method solves the recognition problem by improving the quality of fingerprint images. High recognition accuracy of the synthesized samples that is close to the accuracy achieved using the original high-resolution images validate the effectiveness of our proposed model.      
### 50.Risk &amp; returns around FOMC press conferences: a novel perspective from computer vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06573.pdf)
>  I propose a new tool to characterize the resolution of uncertainty around FOMC press conferences. It relies on the construction of a measure capturing the level of discussion complexity between the Fed Chair and reporters during the Q&amp;A sessions. I show that complex discussions are associated with higher equity returns and a drop in realized volatility. The method creates an attention score by quantifying how much the Chair needs to rely on reading internal documents to be able to answer a question. This is accomplished by building a novel dataset of video images of the press conferences and leveraging recent deep learning algorithms from computer vision. This alternative data provides new information on nonverbal communication that cannot be extracted from the widely analyzed FOMC transcripts. This paper can be seen as a proof of concept that certain videos contain valuable information for the study of financial markets.      
### 51.Analyzing and Improving Generative Adversarial Training for Generative Modeling and Out-of-Distribution Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06568.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial training (GAT) is a recently introduced adversarial defense method. Previous works have focused on empirical evaluations of its application to training robust predictive models. In this paper we focus on theoretical understanding of the GAT method and extending its application to generative modeling and out-of-distribution detection. We analyze the optimal solutions of the maximin formulation employed by the GAT objective, and make a comparative analysis of the minimax formulation employed by GANs. We use theoretical analysis and 2D simulations to understand the convergence property of the training algorithm. Based on these results, we develop an incremental generative training algorithm, and conduct comprehensive evaluations of the algorithm's application to image generation and adversarial out-of-distribution detection. Our results suggest that generative adversarial training is a promising new direction for the above applications.      
### 52.AIforCOVID: predicting the clinical outcomes in patients with COVID-19 applying AI to chest-X-rays. An Italian multicentre study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06531.pdf)
>  Recent epidemiological data report that worldwide more than 53 million people have been infected by SARS-CoV-2, resulting in 1.3 million deaths. The disease has been spreading very rapidly and few months after the identification of the first infected, shortage of hospital resources quickly became a problem. In this work we investigate whether chest X-ray (CXR) can be used as a possible tool for the early identification of patients at risk of severe outcome, like intensive care or death. CXR is a radiological technique that compared to computed tomography (CT) it is simpler, faster, more widespread and it induces lower radiation dose. We present a dataset including data collected from 820 patients by six Italian hospitals in spring 2020 during the first COVID-19 emergency. The dataset includes CXR images, several clinical attributes and clinical outcomes. We investigate the potential of artificial intelligence to predict the prognosis of such patients, distinguishing between severe and mild cases, thus offering a baseline reference for other researchers and practitioners. To this goal, we present three approaches that use features extracted from CXR images, either handcrafted or automatically by convolutional neuronal networks, which are then integrated with the clinical data. Exhaustive evaluation shows promising performance both in 10-fold and leave-one-centre-out cross-validation, implying that clinical data and images have the potential to provide useful information for the management of patients and hospital resources.      
### 53.Automatic Test Suite Generation for Key-points Detection DNNs Using Many-Objective Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06511.pdf)
>  Automatically detecting the positions of key-points (e.g., facial key-points or finger key-points) in an image is an essential problem in many applications, such as driver's gaze detection and drowsiness detection in automated driving systems. With the recent advances of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), Key-Points detection DNNs (KP-DNNs) have been increasingly employed for that purpose. Nevertheless, KP-DNN testing and validation have remained a challenging problem because KP-DNNs predict many independent key-points at the same time -- where each individual key-point may be critical in the targeted application -- and images can vary a great deal according to many factors. <br>In this paper, we present an approach to automatically generate test data for KP-DNNs using many-objective search. In our experiments, focused on facial key-points detection DNNs developed for an industrial automotive application, we show that our approach can generate test suites to severely mispredict, on average, more than 93% of all key-points. In comparison, random search-based test data generation can only severely mispredict 41% of them. Many of these mispredictions, however, are not avoidable and should not therefore be considered failures. We also empirically compare state-of-the-art, many-objective search algorithms and their variants, tailored for test suite generation. Furthermore, we investigate and demonstrate how to learn specific conditions, based on image characteristics (e.g., head posture and skin color), that lead to severe mispredictions. Such conditions serve as a basis for risk analysis or DNN retraining.      
### 54.Context Matters: Graph-based Self-supervised Representation Learning for Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06457.pdf)
>  Supervised learning method requires a large volume of annotated datasets. Collecting such datasets is time-consuming and expensive. Until now, very few annotated COVID-19 imaging datasets are available. Although self-supervised learning enables us to bootstrap the training by exploiting unlabeled data, the generic self-supervised methods for natural images do not sufficiently incorporate the context. For medical images, a desirable method should be sensitive enough to detect deviation from normal-appearing tissue of each anatomical region; here, anatomy is the context. We introduce a novel approach with two levels of self-supervised representation learning objectives: one on the regional anatomical level and another on the patient-level. We use graph neural networks to incorporate the relationship between different anatomical regions. The structure of the graph is informed by anatomical correspondences between each patient and an anatomical atlas. In addition, the graph representation has the advantage of handling any arbitrarily sized image in full resolution. Experiments on large-scale Computer Tomography (CT) datasets of lung images show that our approach compares favorably to baseline methods that do not account for the context. We use the learnt embedding to quantify the clinical progression of COVID-19 and show that our method generalizes well to COVID-19 patients from different hospitals. Qualitative results suggest that our model can identify clinically relevant regions in the images.      
### 55.Uncertainty-driven refinement of tumor-core segmentation using 3D-to-2D networks with label uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06436.pdf)
>  The BraTS dataset contains a mixture of high-grade and low-grade gliomas, which have a rather different appearance: previous studies have shown that performance can be improved by separated training on low-grade gliomas (LGGs) and high-grade gliomas (HGGs), but in practice this information is not available at test time to decide which model to use. By contrast with HGGs, LGGs often present no sharp boundary between the tumor core and the surrounding edema, but rather a gradual reduction of tumor-cell density. <br>Utilizing our 3D-to-2D fully convolutional architecture, DeepSCAN, which ranked highly in the 2019 BraTS challenge and was trained using an uncertainty-aware loss, we separate cases into those with a confidently segmented core, and those with a vaguely segmented or missing core. Since by assumption every tumor has a core, we reduce the threshold for classification of core tissue in those cases where the core, as segmented by the classifier, is vaguely defined or missing. <br>We then predict survival of high-grade glioma patients using a fusion of linear regression and random forest classification, based on age, number of distinct tumor components, and number of distinct tumor cores. <br>We present results on the validation dataset of the Multimodal Brain Tumor Segmentation Challenge 2020 (segmentation and uncertainty challenge), and on the testing set, where the method achieved 4th place in Segmentation, 1st place in uncertainty estimation, and 1st place in Survival prediction.      
### 56.RENATA: REpreseNtation And Training Alteration for Bias Mitigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06387.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for enforcing AI fairness with respect to protected or sensitive factors. This method uses a dual strategy performing Training And Representation Alteration (RENATA) for mitigation of two of the most prominent causes of AI bias, including: a) the use of representation learning alteration via adversarial independence, to suppress the bias-inducing dependence of the data representation from protected factors; and b) training set alteration via intelligent augmentation, to address bias-causing data imbalance, by using generative models that allow fine control of sensitive factors related to underrepresented populations. When testing our methods on image analytics, experiments demonstrate that RENATA significantly or fully debiases baseline models while outperforming competing debiasing methods, e.g., with (% overall accuracy, % accuracy gap) of (78.75, 0.5) vs. baseline method's (71.75, 10.5) for EyePACS, and (73.71, 11.82) vs. the (69.08, 21.65) baseline for CelebA. As an additional contribution, recognizing certain limitations in current metrics used for assessing debiasing performance, this study proposes novel conjunctive debiasing metrics. Our experiments also demonstrate the ability of these novel metrics in assessing the Pareto efficiency of the proposed methods.      
### 57.Parallelized Rate-Distortion Optimized Quantization Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06380.pdf)
>  Rate-Distortion Optimized Quantization (RDOQ) has played an important role in the coding performance of recent video compression standards such as H.264/AVC, H.265/HEVC, VP9 and AV1. This scheme yields significant reductions in bit-rate at the expense of relatively small increases in distortion. Typically, RDOQ algorithms are prohibitively expensive to implement on real-time hardware encoders due to their sequential nature and their need to frequently obtain entropy coding costs. This work addresses this limitation using a neural network-based approach, which learns to trade-off rate and distortion during offline supervised training. As these networks are based solely on standard arithmetic operations that can be executed on existing neural network hardware, no additional area-on-chip needs to be reserved for dedicated RDOQ circuitry. We train two classes of neural networks, a fully-convolutional network and an auto-regressive network, and evaluate each as a post-quantization step designed to refine cheap quantization schemes such as scalar quantization (SQ). Both network architectures are designed to have a low computational overhead. After training they are integrated into the HM 16.20 implementation of HEVC, and their video coding performance is evaluated on a subset of the H.266/VVC SDR common test sequences. Comparisons are made to RDOQ and SQ implementations in HM 16.20. Our method achieves 1.64% BD-rate savings on luminosity compared to the HM SQ anchor, and on average reaches 45% of the performance of the iterative HM RDOQ algorithm.      
### 58.Feature Selection Based on Sparse Neural Network Layer with Normalizing Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06365.pdf)
>  Feature selection is important step in machine learning since it has shown to improve prediction accuracy while depressing the curse of dimensionality of high dimensional data. The neural networks have experienced tremendous success in solving many nonlinear learning problems. Here, we propose new neural-network based feature selection approach that introduces two constrains, the satisfying of which leads to sparse FS layer. We have performed extensive experiments on synthetic and real world data to evaluate performance of the proposed FS. In experiments we focus on the high dimension, low sample size data since those represent the main challenge for feature selection. The results confirm that proposed Feature Selection Based on Sparse Neural Network Layer with Normalizing Constraints (SNEL-FS) is able to select the important features and yields superior performance compared to other conventional FS methods.      
### 59.Privacy-preserving medical image analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06354.pdf)
>  The utilisation of artificial intelligence in medicine and healthcare has led to successful clinical applications in several domains. The conflict between data usage and privacy protection requirements in such systems must be resolved for optimal results as well as ethical and legal compliance. This calls for innovative solutions such as privacy-preserving machine learning (PPML). We present PriMIA (Privacy-preserving Medical Image Analysis), a software framework designed for PPML in medical imaging. In a real-life case study we demonstrate significantly better classification performance of a securely aggregated federated learning model compared to human experts on unseen datasets. Furthermore, we show an inference-as-a-service scenario for end-to-end encrypted diagnosis, where neither the data nor the model are revealed. Lastly, we empirically evaluate the framework's security against a gradient-based model inversion attack and demonstrate that no usable information can be recovered from the model.      
### 60.State-of-the-art Machine Learning MRI Reconstruction in 2020: Results of the Second fastMRI Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06318.pdf)
>  Accelerating MRI scans is one of the principal outstanding problems in the MRI research community. Towards this goal, we hosted the second fastMRI competition targeted towards reconstructing MR images with subsampled k-space data. We provided participants with data from 7,299 clinical brain scans (de-identified via a HIPAA-compliant procedure by NYU Langone Health), holding back the fully-sampled data from 894 of these scans for challenge evaluation purposes. In contrast to the 2019 challenge, we focused our radiologist evaluations on pathological assessment in brain images. We also debuted a new Transfer track that required participants to submit models evaluated on MRI scanners from outside the training set. We received 19 submissions from eight different groups. Results showed one team scoring best in both SSIM scores and qualitative radiologist evaluations. We also performed analysis on alternative metrics to mitigate the effects of background noise and collected feedback from the participants to inform future challenges. Lastly, we identify common failure modes across the submissions, highlighting areas of need for future research in the MRI reconstruction community.      
### 61.Artificial Intelligence for COVID-19 Detection -- A state-of-the-art review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06310.pdf)
>  The emergence of COVID-19 has necessitated many efforts by the scientific community for its proper management. An urgent clinical reaction is required in the face of the unending devastation being caused by the pandemic. These efforts include technological innovations for improvement in screening, treatment, vaccine development, contact tracing and, survival prediction. The use of Deep Learning (DL) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) can be sought in all of the above-mentioned spheres. This paper aims to review the role of Deep Learning and Artificial intelligence in various aspects of the overall COVID-19 management and particularly for COVID-19 detection and classification. The DL models are developed to analyze clinical modalities like CT scans and X-Ray images of patients and predict their pathological condition. A DL model aims to detect the COVID-19 pneumonia, classify and distinguish between COVID-19, Community-Acquired Pneumonia (CAP), Viral and Bacterial pneumonia, and normal conditions. Furthermore, sophisticated models can be built to segment the affected area in the lungs and quantify the infection volume for a better understanding of the extent of damage. Many models have been developed either independently or with the help of pre-trained models like VGG19, ResNet50, and AlexNet leveraging the concept of transfer learning. Apart from model development, data preprocessing and augmentation are also performed to cope with the challenge of insufficient data samples often encountered in medical applications. It can be evaluated that DL and AI can be effectively implemented to withstand the challenges posed by the global emergency      
### 62.Learning Order Parameters from Videos of Dynamical Phases for Skyrmions with Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06308.pdf)
>  The ability to recognize dynamical phenomena (e.g., dynamical phases) and dynamical processes in physical events from videos, then to abstract physical concepts and reveal physical laws, lies at the core of human intelligence. The main purposes of this paper are to use neural networks for classifying the dynamical phases of some videos and to demonstrate that neural networks can learn physical concepts from them. To this end, we employ multiple neural networks to recognize the static phases (image format) and dynamical phases (video format) of a particle-based skyrmion model. Our results show that neural networks, without any prior knowledge, can not only correctly classify these phases, but also predict the phase boundaries which agree with those obtained by simulation. We further propose a parameter visualization scheme to interpret what neural networks have learned. We show that neural networks can learn two order parameters from videos of dynamical phases and predict the critical values of two order parameters. Finally, we demonstrate that only two order parameters are needed to identify videos of skyrmion dynamical phases. It shows that this parameter visualization scheme can be used to determine how many order parameters are needed to fully recognize the input phases. Our work sheds light on the future use of neural networks in discovering new physical concepts and revealing unknown yet physical laws from videos.      
### 63.Deep-Learning-Based Kinematic Reconstruction for DUNE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06181.pdf)
>  In the framework of three-active-neutrino mixing, the charge parity phase, the neutrino mass ordering, and the octant of $\theta_{23}$ remain unknown. The Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment (DUNE) is a next-generation long-baseline neutrino oscillation experiment, which aims to address these questions by measuring the oscillation patterns of $\nu_\mu/\nu_e$ and $\bar\nu_\mu/\bar\nu_e$ over a range of energies spanning the first and second oscillation maxima. DUNE far detector modules are based on liquid argon TPC (LArTPC) technology. A LArTPC offers excellent spatial resolution, high neutrino detection efficiency, and superb background rejection, while reconstruction in LArTPC is challenging. Deep learning methods, in particular, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), have demonstrated success in classification problems such as particle identification in DUNE and other neutrino experiments. However, reconstruction of neutrino energy and final state particle momenta with deep learning methods is yet to be developed for a full AI-based reconstruction chain. To precisely reconstruct these kinematic characteristics of detected interactions at DUNE, we have developed and will present two CNN-based methods, 2-D and 3-D, for the reconstruction of final state particle direction and energy, as well as neutrino energy. Combining particle masses with the kinetic energy and the direction reconstructed by our work, the four-momentum of final state particles can be obtained. Our models show considerable improvements compared to the traditional methods for both scenarios.      
### 64.DSRNA: Differentiable Search of Robust Neural Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06122.pdf)
>  In deep learning applications, the architectures of deep neural networks are crucial in achieving high accuracy. Many methods have been proposed to search for high-performance neural architectures automatically. However, these searched architectures are prone to adversarial attacks. A small perturbation of the input data can render the architecture to change prediction outcomes significantly. To address this problem, we propose methods to perform differentiable search of robust neural architectures. In our methods, two differentiable metrics are defined to measure architectures' robustness, based on certified lower bound and Jacobian norm bound. Then we search for robust architectures by maximizing the robustness metrics. Different from previous approaches which aim to improve architectures' robustness in an implicit way: performing adversarial training and injecting random noise, our methods explicitly and directly maximize robustness metrics to harvest robust architectures. On CIFAR-10, ImageNet, and MNIST, we perform game-based evaluation and verification-based evaluation on the robustness of our methods. The experimental results show that our methods 1) are more robust to various norm-bound attacks than several robust NAS baselines; 2) are more accurate than baselines when there are no attacks; 3) have significantly higher certified lower bounds than baselines.      
### 65.Provable Defense against Privacy Leakage in Federated Learning from Representation Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.06043.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) is a popular distributed learning framework that can reduce privacy risks by not explicitly sharing private data. However, recent works demonstrated that sharing model updates makes FL vulnerable to inference attacks. In this work, we show our key observation that the data representation leakage from gradients is the essential cause of privacy leakage in FL. We also provide an analysis of this observation to explain how the data presentation is leaked. Based on this observation, we propose a defense against model inversion attack in FL. The key idea of our defense is learning to perturb data representation such that the quality of the reconstructed data is severely degraded, while FL performance is maintained. In addition, we derive certified robustness guarantee to FL and convergence guarantee to FedAvg, after applying our defense. To evaluate our defense, we conduct experiments on MNIST and CIFAR10 for defending against the DLG attack and GS attack. Without sacrificing accuracy, the results demonstrate that our proposed defense can increase the mean squared error between the reconstructed data and the raw data by as much as more than 160X for both DLG attack and GS attack, compared with baseline defense methods. The privacy of the FL system is significantly improved.      
### 66.3D Scattering Tomography by Deep Learning with Architecture Tailored to Cloud Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.05960.pdf)
>  We present 3DeepCT, a deep neural network for computed tomography, which performs 3D reconstruction of scattering volumes from multi-view images. Our architecture is dictated by the stationary nature of atmospheric cloud fields. The task of volumetric scattering tomography aims at recovering a volume from its 2D projections. This problem has been studied extensively, leading, to diverse inverse methods based on signal processing and physics models. However, such techniques are typically iterative, exhibiting high computational load and long convergence time. We show that 3DeepCT outperforms physics-based inverse scattering methods in term of accuracy as well as offering a significant orders of magnitude improvement in computational time. To further improve the recovery accuracy, we introduce a hybrid model that combines 3DeepCT and physics-based method. The resultant hybrid technique enjoys fast inference time and improved recovery performance.      
