# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 23 Dec 2020
### 1.Time-Travel Rephotography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12261.pdf)
>  Many historical people are captured only in old, faded, black and white photos, that have been distorted by the limitations of early cameras and the passage of time. This paper simulates traveling back in time with a modern camera to rephotograph famous subjects. Unlike conventional image restoration filters which apply independent operations like denoising, colorization, and superresolution, we leverage the StyleGAN2 framework to project old photos into the space of modern high-resolution photos, achieving all of these effects in a unified framework. A unique challenge with this approach is capturing the identity and pose of the photo's subject and not the many artifacts in low-quality antique photos. Our comparisons to current state-of-the-art restoration filters show significant improvements and compelling results for a variety of important historical people.      
### 2.YolactEdge: Real-time Instance Segmentation on the Edge (Jetson AGX Xavier: 30 FPS, RTX 2080 Ti: 170 FPS)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12259.pdf)
>  We propose YolactEdge, the first competitive instance segmentation approach that runs on small edge devices at real-time speeds. Specifically, YolactEdge runs at up to 30.8 FPS on a Jetson AGX Xavier (and 172.7 FPS on an RTX 2080 Ti) with a ResNet-101 backbone on 550x550 resolution images. To achieve this, we make two improvements to the state-of-the-art image-based real-time method YOLACT: (1) TensorRT optimization while carefully trading off speed and accuracy, and (2) a novel feature warping module to exploit temporal redundancy in videos. Experiments on the YouTube VIS and MS COCO datasets demonstrate that YolactEdge produces a 3-5x speed up over existing real-time methods while producing competitive mask and box detection accuracy. We also conduct ablation studies to dissect our design choices and modules. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/haotian-liu/yolact_edge" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Underwater image filtering: methods, datasets and evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12258.pdf)
>  Underwater images are degraded by the selective attenuation of light that distorts colours and reduces contrast. The degradation extent depends on the water type, the distance between an object and the camera, and the depth under the water surface the object is at. Underwater image filtering aims to restore or to enhance the appearance of objects captured in an underwater image. Restoration methods compensate for the actual degradation, whereas enhancement methods improve either the perceived image quality or the performance of computer vision algorithms. The growing interest in underwater image filtering methods--including learning-based approaches used for both restoration and enhancement--and the associated challenges call for a comprehensive review of the state of the art. In this paper, we review the design principles of filtering methods and revisit the oceanology background that is fundamental to identify the degradation causes. We discuss image formation models and the results of restoration methods in various water types. Furthermore, we present task-dependent enhancement methods and categorise datasets for training neural networks and for method evaluation. Finally, we discuss evaluation strategies, including subjective tests and quality assessment measures. We complement this survey with a platform ( <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://puiqe.eecs.qmul.ac.uk/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> ), which hosts state-of-the-art underwater filtering methods and facilitates comparisons.      
### 4.Non-Rigid Neural Radiance Fields: Reconstruction and Novel View Synthesis of a Deforming Scene from Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12247.pdf)
>  In this tech report, we present the current state of our ongoing work on reconstructing Neural Radiance Fields (NERF) of general non-rigid scenes via ray bending. Non-rigid NeRF (NR-NeRF) takes RGB images of a deforming object (e.g., from a monocular video) as input and then learns a geometry and appearance representation that not only allows to reconstruct the input sequence but also to re-render any time step into novel camera views with high fidelity. In particular, we show that a consumer-grade camera is sufficient to synthesize convincing bullet-time videos of short and simple scenes. In addition, the resulting representation enables correspondence estimation across views and time, and provides rigidity scores for each point in the scene. We urge the reader to watch the supplemental videos for qualitative results. We will release our code.      
### 5.Unadversarial Examples: Designing Objects for Robust Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12235.pdf)
>  We study a class of realistic computer vision settings wherein one can influence the design of the objects being recognized. We develop a framework that leverages this capability to significantly improve vision models' performance and robustness. This framework exploits the sensitivity of modern machine learning algorithms to input perturbations in order to design "robust objects," i.e., objects that are explicitly optimized to be confidently detected or classified. We demonstrate the efficacy of the framework on a wide variety of vision-based tasks ranging from standard benchmarks, to (in-simulation) robotics, to real-world experiments. Our code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/unadversarial" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 6.Training Convolutional Neural Networks With Hebbian Principal Component Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12229.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown that biologically plausible Hebbian learning can be integrated with backpropagation learning (backprop), when training deep convolutional neural networks. In particular, it has been shown that Hebbian learning can be used for training the lower or the higher layers of a neural network. For instance, Hebbian learning is effective for re-training the higher layers of a pre-trained deep neural network, achieving comparable accuracy w.r.t. SGD, while requiring fewer training epochs, suggesting potential applications for transfer learning. In this paper we build on these results and we further improve Hebbian learning in these settings, by using a nonlinear Hebbian Principal Component Analysis (HPCA) learning rule, in place of the Hebbian Winner Takes All (HWTA) strategy used in previous work. We test this approach in the context of computer vision. In particular, the HPCA rule is used to train Convolutional Neural Networks in order to extract relevant features from the CIFAR-10 image dataset. The HPCA variant that we explore further improves the previous results, motivating further interest towards biologically plausible learning algorithms.      
### 7.Geometric robust descriptor for 3D point cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12215.pdf)
>  We propose rotation robust and density robust local geometric descriptor. Local geometric feature of point cloud is used in many applications, for example, to find correspondences in 3D registration and to segment local regions. Usually, application accuracy depends on the discriminative power of the local geometric features. However, there are some problems such as point sparsity, rotated point cloud, and so on. In this paper, we present new local feature generation method to make a rotation robust and density robust descriptor. First, we place kernels aligned around each point and align them to the normal of the point. To avoid the sign problem of the normal vector, we use symmetric kernel point distribution with respect to the tangent plane. Next, from each kernel point, we estimate geometric information which is rotation robust and discriminative. Finally, we operate convolution process with consideration of kernel point structure, and aggregate all kernel features. We experiment our local descriptors on the ModelNet40 dataset for registration and classification, and the ShapeNet part dataset for segmentation. Our descriptor shows discriminative power regardless of point distribution.      
### 8.Labels Are Not Perfect: Inferring Spatial Uncertainty in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12195.pdf)
>  The availability of many real-world driving datasets is a key reason behind the recent progress of object detection algorithms in autonomous driving. However, there exist ambiguity or even failures in object labels due to error-prone annotation process or sensor observation noise. Current public object detection datasets only provide deterministic object labels without considering their inherent uncertainty, as does the common training process or evaluation metrics for object detectors. As a result, an in-depth evaluation among different object detection methods remains challenging, and the training process of object detectors is sub-optimal, especially in probabilistic object detection. In this work, we infer the uncertainty in bounding box labels from LiDAR point clouds based on a generative model, and define a new representation of the probabilistic bounding box through a spatial uncertainty distribution. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed model reflects complex environmental noises in LiDAR perception and the label quality. Furthermore, we propose Jaccard IoU (JIoU) as a new evaluation metric that extends IoU by incorporating label uncertainty. We conduct an in-depth comparison among several LiDAR-based object detectors using the JIoU metric. Finally, we incorporate the proposed label uncertainty in a loss function to train a probabilistic object detector and to improve its detection accuracy. We verify our proposed methods on two public datasets (KITTI, Waymo), as well as on simulation data. Code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://bit.ly/2W534yo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Latent Feature Representation via Unsupervised Learning for Pattern Discovery in Massive Electron Microscopy Image Volumes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12175.pdf)
>  We propose a method to facilitate exploration and analysis of new large data sets. In particular, we give an unsupervised deep learning approach to learning a latent representation that captures semantic similarity in the data set. The core idea is to use data augmentations that preserve semantic meaning to generate synthetic examples of elements whose feature representations should be close to one another. <br>We demonstrate the utility of our method applied to nano-scale electron microscopy data, where even relatively small portions of animal brains can require terabytes of image data. Although supervised methods can be used to predict and identify known patterns of interest, the scale of the data makes it difficult to mine and analyze patterns that are not known a priori. We show the ability of our learned representation to enable query by example, so that if a scientist notices an interesting pattern in the data, they can be presented with other locations with matching patterns. We also demonstrate that clustering of data in the learned space correlates with biologically-meaningful distinctions. Finally, we introduce a visualization tool and software ecosystem to facilitate user-friendly interactive analysis and uncover interesting biological patterns. In short, our work opens possible new avenues in understanding of and discovery in large data sets, arising in domains such as EM analysis.      
### 10.Convolutional Recurrent Network for Road Boundary Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12160.pdf)
>  Creating high definition maps that contain precise information of static elements of the scene is of utmost importance for enabling self driving cars to drive safely. In this paper, we tackle the problem of drivable road boundary extraction from LiDAR and camera imagery. Towards this goal, we design a structured model where a fully convolutional network obtains deep features encoding the location and direction of road boundaries and then, a convolutional recurrent network outputs a polyline representation for each one of them. Importantly, our method is fully automatic and does not require a user in the loop. We showcase the effectiveness of our method on a large North American city where we obtain perfect topology of road boundaries 99.3% of the time at a high precision and recall.      
### 11.Image to Bengali Caption Generation Using Deep CNN and Bidirectional Gated Recurrent Unit  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12139.pdf)
>  There is very little notable research on generating descriptions of the Bengali language. About 243 million people speak in Bengali, and it is the 7th most spoken language on the planet. The purpose of this research is to propose a CNN and Bidirectional GRU based architecture model that generates natural language captions in the Bengali language from an image. Bengali people can use this research to break the language barrier and better understand each other's perspectives. It will also help many blind people with their everyday lives. This paper used an encoder-decoder approach to generate captions. We used a pre-trained Deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) called InceptonV3image embedding model as the encoder for analysis, classification, and annotation of the dataset's images Bidirectional Gated Recurrent unit (BGRU) layer as the decoder to generate captions. Argmax and Beam search is used to produce the highest possible quality of the captions. A new dataset called BNATURE is used, which comprises 8000 images with five captions per image. It is used for training and testing the proposed model. We obtained BLEU-1, BLEU-2, BLEU-3, BLEU-4 and Meteor is 42.6, 27.95, 23, 66, 16.41, 28.7 respectively.      
### 12.Explainable Abstract Trains Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12115.pdf)
>  The Explainable Abstract Trains Dataset is an image dataset containing simplified representations of trains. It aims to provide a platform for the application and research of algorithms for justification and explanation extraction. The dataset is accompanied by an ontology that conceptualizes and classifies the depicted trains based on their visual characteristics, allowing for a precise understanding of how each train was labeled. Each image in the dataset is annotated with multiple attributes describing the trains' features and with bounding boxes for the train elements.      
### 13.MOCCA: Multi-Layer One-Class Classification for Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12111.pdf)
>  Anomalies are ubiquitous in all scientific fields and can express an unexpected event due to incomplete knowledge about the data distribution or an unknown process that suddenly comes into play and distorts the observations. Due to such events' rarity, it is common to train deep learning models on "normal", i.e. non-anomalous, datasets only, thus letting the neural network to model the distribution beneath the input data. In this context, we propose our deep learning approach to the anomaly detection problem named Multi-LayerOne-Class Classification (MOCCA). We explicitly leverage the piece-wise nature of deep neural networks by exploiting information extracted at different depths to detect abnormal data instances. We show how combining the representations extracted from multiple layers of a model leads to higher discrimination performance than typical approaches proposed in the literature that are based neural networks' final output only. We propose to train the model by minimizing the $L_2$ distance between the input representation and a reference point, the anomaly-free training data centroid, at each considered layer. We conduct extensive experiments on publicly available datasets for anomaly detection, namely CIFAR10, MVTec AD, and ShanghaiTech, considering both the single-image and video-based scenarios. We show that our method reaches superior performances compared to the state-of-the-art approaches available in the literature. Moreover, we provide a model analysis to give insight on how our approach works.      
### 14.Noise-Equipped Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12109.pdf)
>  As a generic modeling tool, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) has been widely employed in image synthesis and translation tasks. However, when a CNN model is fed with a flat input, the transformation degrades into a scaling operation due to the spatial sharing nature of convolution kernels. This inherent problem has been barely studied nor raised as an application restriction. In this paper, we point out that such convolution degradation actually hinders some specific image generation tasks that expect value-variant output from a flat input. We study the cause behind it and propose a generic solution to tackle it. Our key idea is to break the flat input condition through a proxy input module that perturbs the input data symmetrically with a noise map and reassembles them in feature domain. We call it noise-equipped CNN model and study its behavior through multiple analysis. Our experiments show that our model is free of degradation and hence serves as a superior alternative to standard CNN models. We further demonstrate improved performances of applying our model to existing applications, e.g. semantic photo synthesis and color-encoded grayscale generation.      
### 15.Convolutional Neural Networks from Image Markers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12108.pdf)
>  A technique named Feature Learning from Image Markers (FLIM) was recently proposed to estimate convolutional filters, with no backpropagation, from strokes drawn by a user on very few images (e.g., 1-3) per class, and demonstrated for coconut-tree image classification. This paper extends FLIM for fully connected layers and demonstrates it on different image classification problems. The work evaluates marker selection from multiple users and the impact of adding a fully connected layer. The results show that FLIM-based convolutional neural networks can outperform the same architecture trained from scratch by backpropagation.      
### 16.Warped Gaussian Processes in Remote Sensing Parameter Estimation and Causal Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12105.pdf)
>  This paper introduces warped Gaussian processes (WGP) regression in remote sensing applications. WGP models output observations as a parametric nonlinear transformation of a GP. The parameters of such prior model are then learned via standard maximum likelihood. We show the good performance of the proposed model for the estimation of oceanic chlorophyll content from multispectral data, vegetation parameters (chlorophyll, leaf area index, and fractional vegetation cover) from hyperspectral data, and in the detection of the causal direction in a collection of 28 bivariate geoscience and remote sensing causal problems. The model consistently performs better than the standard GP and the more advanced heteroscedastic GP model, both in terms of accuracy and more sensible confidence intervals.      
### 17.A Deep Reinforcement Learning Approach for Ramp Metering Based on Traffic Video Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12104.pdf)
>  Ramp metering that uses traffic signals to regulate vehicle flows from the on-ramps has been widely implemented to improve vehicle mobility of the freeway. Previous studies generally update signal timings in real-time based on predefined traffic measures collected by point detectors, such as traffic volumes and occupancies. Comparing with point detectors, traffic cameras-which have been increasingly deployed on road networks-could cover larger areas and provide more detailed traffic information. In this work, we propose a deep reinforcement learning (DRL) method to explore the potential of traffic video data in improving the efficiency of ramp metering. The proposed method uses traffic video frames as inputs and learns the optimal control strategies directly from the high-dimensional visual inputs. A real-world case study demonstrates that, in comparison with a state-of-the-practice method, the proposed DRL method results in 1) lower travel times in the mainline, 2) shorter vehicle queues at the on-ramp, and 3) higher traffic flows downstream of the merging area. The results suggest that the proposed method is able to extract useful information from the video data for better ramp metering controls.      
### 18.Predicting survival outcomes using topological features of tumor pathology images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12102.pdf)
>  Tumor shape and size have been used as important markers for cancer diagnosis and treatment. Recent developments in medical imaging technology enable more detailed segmentation of tumor regions in high resolution. This paper proposes a topological feature to characterize tumor progression from digital pathology images and examine its effect on the time-to-event data. We develop distance transform for pathology images and show that a topological summary statistic computed by persistent homology quantifies tumor shape, size, distribution, and connectivity. The topological features are represented in functional space and used as functional predictors in a functional Cox regression model. A case study is conducted using non-small cell lung cancer pathology images. The results show that the topological features predict survival prognosis after adjusting for age, sex, smoking status, stage, and size of tumors. Also, the topological features with non-zero effects correspond to the shapes that are known to be related to tumor progression. Our study provides a new perspective for understanding tumor shape and patient prognosis.      
### 19.Estimating Crop Primary Productivity with Sentinel-2 and Landsat 8 using Machine Learning Methods Trained with Radiative Transfer Simulations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12101.pdf)
>  Satellite remote sensing has been widely used in the last decades for agricultural applications, {both for assessing vegetation condition and for subsequent yield prediction.} Existing remote sensing-based methods to estimate gross primary productivity (GPP), which is an important variable to indicate crop photosynthetic function and stress, typically rely on empirical or semi-empirical approaches, which tend to over-simplify photosynthetic mechanisms. In this work, we take advantage of all parallel developments in mechanistic photosynthesis modeling and satellite data availability for advanced monitoring of crop productivity. In particular, we combine process-based modeling with the soil-canopy energy balance radiative transfer model (SCOPE) with Sentinel-2 {and Landsat 8} optical remote sensing data and machine learning methods in order to estimate crop GPP. Our model successfully estimates GPP across a variety of C3 crop types and environmental conditions even though it does not use any local information from the corresponding sites. This highlights its potential to map crop productivity from new satellite sensors at a global scale with the help of current Earth observation cloud computing platforms.      
### 20.Limitation of Acyclic Oriented Graphs Matching as Cell Tracking Accuracy Measure when Evaluating Mitosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12084.pdf)
>  Multi-object tracking (MOT) in computer vision and cell tracking in biomedical image analysis are two similar research fields, whose common aim is to achieve instance level object detection/segmentation and associate such objects across different video frames. However, one major difference between these two tasks is that cell tracking also aim to detect mitosis (cell division), which is typically not considered in MOT tasks. Therefore, the acyclic oriented graphs matching (AOGM) has been used as de facto standard evaluation metrics for cell tracking, rather than directly using the evaluation metrics in computer vision, such as multiple object tracking accuracy (MOTA), ID Switches (IDS), ID F1 Score (IDF1) etc. However, based on our experiments, we realized that AOGM did not always function as expected for mitosis events. In this paper, we exhibit the limitations of evaluating mitosis with AOGM using both simulated and real cell tracking data.      
### 21.Disentangling images with Lie group transformations and sparse coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12071.pdf)
>  Discrete spatial patterns and their continuous transformations are two important regularities contained in natural signals. Lie groups and representation theory are mathematical tools that have been used in previous works to model continuous image transformations. On the other hand, sparse coding is an important tool for learning dictionaries of patterns in natural signals. In this paper, we combine these ideas in a Bayesian generative model that learns to disentangle spatial patterns and their continuous transformations in a completely unsupervised manner. Images are modeled as a sparse superposition of shape components followed by a transformation that is parameterized by n continuous variables. The shape components and transformations are not predefined, but are instead adapted to learn the symmetries in the data, with the constraint that the transformations form a representation of an n-dimensional torus. Training the model on a dataset consisting of controlled geometric transformations of specific MNIST digits shows that it can recover these transformations along with the digits. Training on the full MNIST dataset shows that it can learn both the basic digit shapes and the natural transformations such as shearing and stretching that are contained in this data.      
### 22.Do We Really Need Scene-specific Pose Encoders?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12014.pdf)
>  Visual pose regression models estimate the camera pose from a query image with a single forward pass. Current models learn pose encoding from an image using deep convolutional networks which are trained per scene. The resulting encoding is typically passed to a multi-layer perceptron in order to regress the pose. In this work, we propose that scene-specific pose encoders are not required for pose regression and that encodings trained for visual similarity can be used instead. In order to test our hypothesis, we take a shallow architecture of several fully connected layers and train it with pre-computed encodings from a generic image retrieval model. We find that these encodings are not only sufficient to regress the camera pose, but that, when provided to a branching fully connected architecture, a trained model can achieve competitive results and even surpass current \textit{state-of-the-art} pose regressors in some cases. Moreover, we show that for outdoor localization, the proposed architecture is the only pose regressor, to date, consistently localizing in under 2 meters and 5 degrees.      
### 23.Multiple Instance Segmentation in Brachial Plexus Ultrasound Image Using BPMSegNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12012.pdf)
>  The identification of nerve is difficult as structures of nerves are challenging to image and to detect in ultrasound images. Nevertheless, the nerve identification in ultrasound images is a crucial step to improve performance of regional anesthesia. In this paper, a network called Brachial Plexus Multi-instance Segmentation Network (BPMSegNet) is proposed to identify different tissues (nerves, arteries, veins, muscles) in ultrasound images. The BPMSegNet has three novel modules. The first is the spatial local contrast feature, which computes contrast features at different scales. The second one is the self-attention gate, which reweighs the channels in feature maps by their importance. The third is the addition of a skip concatenation with transposed convolution within a feature pyramid network. The proposed BPMSegNet is evaluated by conducting experiments on our constructed Ultrasound Brachial Plexus Dataset (UBPD). Quantitative experimental results show the proposed network can segment multiple tissues from the ultrasound images with a good performance.      
### 24.3D Point-to-Keypoint Voting Network for 6D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11938.pdf)
>  Object 6D pose estimation is an important research topic in the field of computer vision due to its wide application requirements and the challenges brought by complexity and changes in the real-world. We think fully exploring the characteristics of spatial relationship between points will help to improve the pose estimation performance, especially in the scenes of background clutter and partial occlusion. But this information was usually ignored in previous work using RGB image or RGB-D data. In this paper, we propose a framework for 6D pose estimation from RGB-D data based on spatial structure characteristics of 3D keypoints. We adopt point-wise dense feature embedding to vote for 3D keypoints, which makes full use of the structure information of the rigid body. After the direction vectors pointing to the keypoints are predicted by CNN, we use RANSAC voting to calculate the coordinate of the 3D keypoints, then the pose transformation can be easily obtained by the least square method. In addition, a spatial dimension sampling strategy for points is employed, which makes the method achieve excellent performance on small training sets. The proposed method is verified on two benchmark datasets, LINEMOD and OCCLUSION LINEMOD. The experimental results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches, achieves ADD(-S) accuracy of 98.7\% on LINEMOD dataset and 52.6\% on OCCLUSION LINEMOD dataset in real-time.      
### 25.A Hybrid VDV Model for Automatic Diagnosis of Pneumothorax using Class-Imbalanced Chest X-rays Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11911.pdf)
>  Pneumothorax, a life threatening disease, needs to be diagnosed immediately and efficiently. The prognosis in this case is not only time consuming but also prone to human errors. So an automatic way of accurate diagnosis using chest X-rays is the utmost requirement. To-date, most of the available medical images datasets have class-imbalance issue. The main theme of this study is to solve this problem along with proposing an automated way of detecting pneumothorax. We first compare the existing approaches to tackle the class-imbalance issue and find that data-level-ensemble (i.e. ensemble of subsets of dataset) outperforms other approaches. Thus, we propose a novel framework named as VDV model, which is a complex model-level-ensemble of data-level-ensembles and uses three convolutional neural networks (CNN) including VGG16, VGG-19 and DenseNet-121 as fixed feature extractors. In each data-level-ensemble features extracted from one of the pre-defined CNN are fed to support vector machine (SVM) classifier, and output from each data-level-ensemble is calculated using voting method. Once outputs from the three data-level-ensembles with three different CNN architectures are obtained, then, again, voting method is used to calculate the final prediction. Our proposed framework is tested on SIIM ACR Pneumothorax dataset and Random Sample of NIH Chest X-ray dataset (RS-NIH). For the first dataset, 85.17% Recall with 86.0% Area under the Receiver Operating Characteristic curve (AUC) is attained. For the second dataset, 90.9% Recall with 95.0% AUC is achieved with random split of data while 85.45% recall with 77.06% AUC is obtained with patient-wise split of data. For RS-NIH, the obtained results are higher as compared to previous results from literature However, for first dataset, direct comparison cannot be made, since this dataset has not been used earlier for Pneumothorax classification.      
### 26.FcaNet: Frequency Channel Attention Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11879.pdf)
>  Attention mechanism, especially channel attention, has gained great success in the computer vision field. Many works focus on how to design efficient channel attention mechanisms while ignoring a fundamental problem, i.e., using global average pooling (GAP) as the unquestionable pre-processing method. In this work, we start from a different view and rethink channel attention using frequency analysis. Based on the frequency analysis, we mathematically prove that the conventional GAP is a special case of the feature decomposition in the frequency domain. With the proof, we naturally generalize the pre-processing of channel attention mechanism in the frequency domain and propose FcaNet with novel multi-spectral channel attention. The proposed method is simple but effective. We can change only one line of code in the calculation to implement our method within existing channel attention methods. Moreover, the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results compared with other channel attention methods on image classification, object detection, and instance segmentation tasks. Our method could improve by 1.8% in terms of Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet compared with the baseline SENet-50, with the same number of parameters and the same computational cost. Our code and models will be made publicly available.      
### 27.Human Action Recognition from Various Data Modalities: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11866.pdf)
>  Human Action Recognition (HAR), aiming to understand human behaviors and then assign category labels, has a wide range of applications, and thus has been attracting increasing attention in the field of computer vision. Generally, human actions can be represented using various data modalities, such as RGB, skeleton, depth, infrared sequence, point cloud, event stream, audio, acceleration, radar, and WiFi, etc., which encode different sources of useful yet distinct information and have various advantages and application scenarios. Consequently, lots of existing works have attempted to investigate different types of approaches for HAR using various modalities. In this paper, we give a comprehensive survey for HAR from the perspective of the input data modalities. Specifically, we review both the hand-crafted feature-based and deep learning-based methods for single data modalities, and also review the methods based on multiple modalities, including the fusion-based frameworks and the co-learning-based approaches. The current benchmark datasets for HAR are also introduced. Finally, we discuss some potentially important research directions in this area.      
### 28.GuidedStyle: Attribute Knowledge Guided Style Manipulation for Semantic Face Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11856.pdf)
>  Although significant progress has been made in synthesizing high-quality and visually realistic face images by unconditional Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), there still lacks of control over the generation process in order to achieve semantic face editing. In addition, it remains very challenging to maintain other face information untouched while editing the target attributes. In this paper, we propose a novel learning framework, called GuidedStyle, to achieve semantic face editing on StyleGAN by guiding the image generation process with a knowledge network. Furthermore, we allow an attention mechanism in StyleGAN generator to adaptively select a single layer for style manipulation. As a result, our method is able to perform disentangled and controllable edits along various attributes, including smiling, eyeglasses, gender, mustache and hair color. Both qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate the superiority of our method over other competing methods for semantic face editing. Moreover, we show that our model can be also applied to different types of real and artistic face editing, demonstrating strong generalization ability.      
### 29.Predicting Online Video Advertising Effects with Multimodal Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11851.pdf)
>  With expansion of the video advertising market, research to predict the effects of video advertising is getting more attention. Although effect prediction of image advertising has been explored a lot, prediction for video advertising is still challenging with seldom research. In this research, we propose a method for predicting the click through rate (CTR) of video advertisements and analyzing the factors that determine the CTR. In this paper, we demonstrate an optimized framework for accurately predicting the effects by taking advantage of the multimodal nature of online video advertisements including video, text, and metadata features. In particular, the two types of metadata, i.e., categorical and continuous, are properly separated and normalized. To avoid overfitting, which is crucial in our task because the training data are not very rich, additional regularization layers are inserted. Experimental results show that our approach can achieve a correlation coefficient as high as 0.695, which is a significant improvement from the baseline (0.487).      
### 30.Adversarial Multiscale Feature Learning for Overlapping Chromosome Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11847.pdf)
>  Chromosome karyotype analysis is of great clinical importance in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases, especially for genetic diseases. Since manual analysis is highly time and effort consuming, computer-assisted automatic chromosome karyotype analysis based on images is routinely used to improve the efficiency and accuracy of the analysis. Due to the strip shape of the chromosomes, they easily get overlapped with each other when imaged, significantly affecting the accuracy of the analysis afterward. Conventional overlapping chromosome segmentation methods are usually based on manually tagged features, hence, the performance of which is easily affected by the quality, such as resolution and brightness, of the images. To address the problem, in this paper, we present an adversarial multiscale feature learning framework to improve the accuracy and adaptability of overlapping chromosome segmentation. Specifically, we first adopt the nested U-shape network with dense skip connections as the generator to explore the optimal representation of the chromosome images by exploiting multiscale features. Then we use the conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN) to generate images similar to the original ones, the training stability of which is enhanced by applying the least-square GAN objective. Finally, we employ Lovasz-Softmax to help the model converge in a continuous optimization setting. Comparing with the established algorithms, the performance of our framework is proven superior by using public datasets in eight evaluation criteria, showing its great potential in overlapping chromosome segmentation      
### 31.Subject-independent Human Pose Image Construction with Commodity Wi-Fi  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11812.pdf)
>  Recently, commodity Wi-Fi devices have been shown to be able to construct human pose images, i.e., human skeletons, as fine-grained as cameras. Existing papers achieve good results when constructing the images of subjects who are in the prior training samples. However, the performance drops when it comes to new subjects, i.e., the subjects who are not in the training samples. This paper focuses on solving the subject-generalization problem in human pose image construction. To this end, we define the subject as the domain. Then we design a Domain-Independent Neural Network (DINN) to extract subject-independent features and convert them into fine-grained human pose images. We also propose a novel training method to train the DINN and it has no re-training overhead comparing with the domain-adversarial approach. We build a prototype system and experimental results demonstrate that our system can construct fine-grained human pose images of new subjects with commodity Wi-Fi in both the visible and through-wall scenarios, which shows the effectiveness and the subject-generalization ability of our model.      
### 32.Progressive One-shot Human Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11810.pdf)
>  Prior human parsing models are limited to parsing humans into classes pre-defined in the training data, which is not flexible to generalize to unseen classes, e.g., new clothing in fashion analysis. In this paper, we propose a new problem named one-shot human parsing (OSHP) that requires to parse human into an open set of reference classes defined by any single reference example. During training, only base classes defined in the training set are exposed, which can overlap with part of reference classes. In this paper, we devise a novel Progressive One-shot Parsing network (POPNet) to address two critical challenges , i.e., testing bias and small sizes. POPNet consists of two collaborative metric learning modules named Attention Guidance Module and Nearest Centroid Module, which can learn representative prototypes for base classes and quickly transfer the ability to unseen classes during testing, thereby reducing testing bias. Moreover, POPNet adopts a progressive human parsing framework that can incorporate the learned knowledge of parent classes at the coarse granularity to help recognize the descendant classes at the fine granularity, thereby handling the small sizes issue. Experiments on the ATR-OS benchmark tailored for OSHP demonstrate POPNet outperforms other representative one-shot segmentation models by large margins and establishes a strong baseline. Source code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Charleshhy/One-shot-Human-Parsing" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Learning Disentangled Semantic Representation for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11807.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation is an important but challenging task. Most of the existing domain adaptation methods struggle to extract the domain-invariant representation on the feature space with entangling domain information and semantic information. Different from previous efforts on the entangled feature space, we aim to extract the domain invariant semantic information in the latent disentangled semantic representation (DSR) of the data. In DSR, we assume the data generation process is controlled by two independent sets of variables, i.e., the semantic latent variables and the domain latent variables. Under the above assumption, we employ a variational auto-encoder to reconstruct the semantic latent variables and domain latent variables behind the data. We further devise a dual adversarial network to disentangle these two sets of reconstructed latent variables. The disentangled semantic latent variables are finally adapted across the domains. Experimental studies testify that our model yields state-of-the-art performance on several domain adaptation benchmark datasets.      
### 34.Graph and Temporal Convolutional Networks for 3D Multi-person Pose Estimation in Monocular Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11806.pdf)
>  Despite the recent progress, 3D multi-person pose estimation from monocular videos is still challenging due to the commonly encountered problem of missing information caused by occlusion, partially out-of-frame target persons, and inaccurate person <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://detection.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> tackle this problem, we propose a novel framework integrating graph convolutional networks (GCNs) and temporal convolutional networks (TCNs) to robustly estimate camera-centric multi-person 3D poses that do not require camera parameters. In particular, we introduce a human-joint GCN, which unlike the existing GCN, is based on a directed graph that employs the 2D pose estimator's confidence scores to improve the pose estimation results. We also introduce a human-bone GCN, which models the bone connections and provides more information beyond human joints. The two GCNs work together to estimate the spatial frame-wise 3D poses and can make use of both visible joint and bone information in the target frame to estimate the occluded or missing human-part information. To further refine the 3D pose estimation, we use our temporal convolutional networks (TCNs) to enforce the temporal and human-dynamics constraints. We use a joint-TCN to estimate person-centric 3D poses across frames, and propose a velocity-TCN to estimate the speed of 3D joints to ensure the consistency of the 3D pose estimation in consecutive frames. Finally, to estimate the 3D human poses for multiple persons, we propose a root-TCN that estimates camera-centric 3D poses without requiring camera parameters. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 35.Modeling Deep Learning Based Privacy Attacks on Physical Mail  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11803.pdf)
>  Mail privacy protection aims to prevent unauthorized access to hidden content within an envelope since normal paper envelopes are not as safe as we think. In this paper, for the first time, we show that with a well designed deep learning model, the hidden content may be largely recovered without opening the envelope. We start by modeling deep learning-based privacy attacks on physical mail content as learning the mapping from the camera-captured envelope front face image to the hidden content, then we explicitly model the mapping as a combination of perspective transformation, image dehazing and denoising using a deep convolutional neural network, named Neural-STE (See-Through-Envelope). We show experimentally that hidden content details, such as texture and image structure, can be clearly recovered. Finally, our formulation and model allow us to design envelopes that can counter deep learning-based privacy attacks on physical mail.      
### 36.SERV-CT: A disparity dataset from CT for validation of endoscopic 3D reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11779.pdf)
>  In computer vision, reference datasets have been highly successful in promoting algorithmic development in stereo reconstruction. Surgical scenes gives rise to specific problems, including the lack of clear corner features, highly specular surfaces and the presence of blood and smoke. Publicly available datasets have been produced using CT and either phantom images or biological tissue samples covering a relatively small region of the endoscope field-of-view. We present a stereo-endoscopic reconstruction validation dataset based on CT (SERV-CT). Two {\it ex vivo} small porcine full torso cadavers were placed within the view of the endoscope with both the endoscope and target anatomy visible in the CT scan. Orientation of the endoscope was manually aligned to the stereoscopic view. Reference disparities and occlusions were calculated for 8 stereo pairs from each sample. For the second sample an RGB surface was acquired to aid alignment of smooth, featureless surfaces. Repeated manual alignments showed an RMS disparity accuracy of ~2 pixels and a depth accuracy of ~2mm. The reference dataset includes endoscope image pairs with corresponding calibration, disparities, depths and occlusions covering the majority of the endoscopic image and a range of tissue types. Smooth specular surfaces and images with significant variation of depth are included. We assessed the performance of various stereo algorithms from online available repositories. There is a significant variation between algorithms, highlighting some of the challenges of surgical endoscopic images. The SERV-CT dataset provides an easy to use stereoscopic validation for surgical applications with smooth reference disparities and depths with coverage over the majority of the endoscopic images. This complements existing resources well and we hope will aid the development of surgical endoscopic anatomical reconstruction algorithms.      
### 37.Power-SLIC: Diagram-based superpixel generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11772.pdf)
>  Superpixel algorithms, which group pixels similar in color and other low-level properties, are increasingly used for pre-processing in image segmentation. Commonly important criteria for the computation of superpixels are boundary adherence, speed, and regularity. <br>Boundary adherence and regularity are typically contradictory goals. Most recent algorithms have focused on improving boundary adherence. Motivated by improving superpixel regularity, we propose a diagram-based superpixel generation method called Power-SLIC. <br>On the BSDS500 data set, Power-SLIC outperforms other state-of-the-art algorithms in terms of compactness and boundary precision, and its boundary adherence is the most robust against varying levels of Gaussian noise. In terms of speed, Power-SLIC is competitive with SLIC.      
### 38.Contraband Materials Detection Within Volumetric 3D Computed Tomography Baggage Security Screening Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11753.pdf)
>  Automatic prohibited object detection within 2D/3D X-ray Computed Tomography (CT) has been studied in literature to enhance the aviation security screening at checkpoints. Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have demonstrated superior performance in 2D X-ray imagery. However, there exists very limited proof of how deep neural networks perform in materials detection within volumetric 3D CT baggage screening imagery. We attempt to close this gap by applying Deep Neural Networks in 3D contraband substance detection based on their material signatures. Specifically, we formulate it as a 3D semantic segmentation problem to identify material types for all voxels based on which contraband materials can be detected. To this end, we firstly investigate 3D CNN based semantic segmentation algorithms such as 3D U-Net and its variants. In contrast to the original dense representation form of volumetric 3D CT data, we propose to convert the CT volumes into sparse point clouds which allows the use of point cloud processing approaches such as PointNet++ towards more efficient processing. Experimental results on a publicly available dataset (NEU ATR) demonstrate the effectiveness of both 3D U-Net and PointNet++ in materials detection in 3D CT imagery for baggage security screening.      
### 39.Training DNNs in O(1) memory with MEM-DFA using Random Matrices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11745.pdf)
>  This work presents a method for reducing memory consumption to a constant complexity when training deep neural networks. The algorithm is based on the more biologically plausible alternatives of the backpropagation (BP): direct feedback alignment (DFA) and feedback alignment (FA), which use random matrices to propagate error. The proposed method, memory-efficient direct feedback alignment (MEM-DFA), uses higher independence of layers in DFA and allows avoiding storing at once all activation vectors, unlike standard BP, FA, and DFA. Thus, our algorithm's memory usage is constant regardless of the number of layers in a neural network. The method increases the computational cost only by a constant factor of one extra forward pass. <br>The MEM-DFA, BP, FA, and DFA were evaluated along with their memory profiles on MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets on various neural network models. Our experiments agree with our theoretical results and show a significant decrease in the memory cost of MEM-DFA compared to the other algorithms.      
### 40.HDNET: Exploiting HD Maps for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11704.pdf)
>  In this paper we show that High-Definition (HD) maps provide strong priors that can boost the performance and robustness of modern 3D object detectors. Towards this goal, we design a single stage detector that extracts geometric and semantic features from the HD maps. As maps might not be available everywhere, we also propose a map prediction module that estimates the map on the fly from raw LiDAR data. We conduct extensive experiments on KITTI as well as a large-scale 3D detection benchmark containing 1 million frames, and show that the proposed map-aware detector consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art in both mapped and un-mapped scenarios. Importantly the whole framework runs at 20 frames per second.      
### 41.Image Captioning as an Assistive Technology: Lessons Learned from VizWiz 2020 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11696.pdf)
>  Image captioning has recently demonstrated impressive progress largely owing to the introduction of neural network algorithms trained on curated dataset like MS-COCO. Often work in this field is motivated by the promise of deployment of captioning systems in practical applications. However, the scarcity of data and contexts in many competition datasets renders the utility of systems trained on these datasets limited as an assistive technology in real-world settings, such as helping visually impaired people navigate and accomplish everyday tasks. This gap motivated the introduction of the novel VizWiz dataset, which consists of images taken by the visually impaired and captions that have useful, task-oriented information. In an attempt to help the machine learning computer vision field realize its promise of producing technologies that have positive social impact, the curators of the VizWiz dataset host several competitions, including one for image captioning. This work details the theory and engineering from our winning submission to the 2020 captioning competition. Our work provides a step towards improved assistive image captioning systems.      
### 42.Alleviating Noisy Data in Image Captioning with Cooperative Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11691.pdf)
>  Image captioning systems have made substantial progress, largely due to the availability of curated datasets like Microsoft COCO or Vizwiz that have accurate descriptions of their corresponding images. Unfortunately, scarce availability of such cleanly labeled data results in trained algorithms producing captions that can be terse and idiosyncratically specific to details in the image. We propose a new technique, cooperative distillation that combines clean curated datasets with the web-scale automatically extracted captions of the Google Conceptual Captions dataset (GCC), which can have poor descriptions of images, but is abundant in size and therefore provides a rich vocabulary resulting in more expressive captions.      
### 43.Natural vs Balanced Distribution in Deep Learning on Whole Slide Images for Cancer Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11684.pdf)
>  The class distribution of data is one of the factors that regulates the performance of machine learning models. However, investigations on the impact of different distributions available in the literature are very few, sometimes absent for domain-specific tasks. In this paper, we analyze the impact of natural and balanced distributions of the training set in deep learning (DL) models applied on histological images, also known as whole slide images (WSIs). WSIs are considered as the gold standard for cancer diagnosis. In recent years, researchers have turned their attention to DL models to automate and accelerate the diagnosis process. In the training of such DL models, filtering out the non-regions-of-interest from the WSIs and adopting an artificial distribution (usually, a balanced distribution) is a common trend. In our analysis, we show that keeping the WSIs data in their usual distribution (which we call natural distribution) for DL training produces fewer false positives (FPs) with comparable false negatives (FNs) than the artificially-obtained balanced distribution. We conduct an empirical comparative study with 10 random folds for each distribution, comparing the resulting average performance levels in terms of five different evaluation metrics. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the natural distribution over the balanced one across all the evaluation metrics.      
### 44.Smoothed Gaussian Mixture Models for Video Classification and Recommendation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11673.pdf)
>  Cluster-and-aggregate techniques such as Vector of Locally Aggregated Descriptors (VLAD), and their end-to-end discriminatively trained equivalents like NetVLAD have recently been popular for video classification and action recognition tasks. These techniques operate by assigning video frames to clusters and then representing the video by aggregating residuals of frames with respect to the mean of each cluster. Since some clusters may see very little video-specific data, these features can be noisy. In this paper, we propose a new cluster-and-aggregate method which we call smoothed Gaussian mixture model (SGMM), and its end-to-end discriminatively trained equivalent, which we call deep smoothed Gaussian mixture model (DSGMM). SGMM represents each video by the parameters of a Gaussian mixture model (GMM) trained for that video. Low-count clusters are addressed by smoothing the video-specific estimates with a universal background model (UBM) trained on a large number of videos. The primary benefit of SGMM over VLAD is smoothing which makes it less sensitive to small number of training samples. We show, through extensive experiments on the YouTube-8M classification task, that SGMM/DSGMM is consistently better than VLAD/NetVLAD by a small but statistically significant margin. We also show results using a dataset created at LinkedIn to predict if a member will watch an uploaded video.      
### 45.Learning Dynamic Network Using a Reuse Gate Function in Semi-supervised Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11655.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art approaches for Semi-supervised Video Object Segmentation (Semi-VOS) propagates information from previous frames to generate segmentation mask for the current frame. This results in high-quality segmentation across challenging scenarios such as changes in appearance and occlusion. But it also leads to unnecessary computations for stationary or slow-moving objects where the change across frames is minimal. In this work, we exploit this observation by using temporal information to quickly identify frames with minimal change and skip the heavyweight mask generation step. To realize this efficiency, we propose a novel dynamic network that estimates change across frames and decides which path -- computing a full network or reusing previous frame's feature -- to choose depending on the expected similarity. Experimental results show that our approach significantly improves inference speed without much accuracy degradation on challenging Semi-VOS datasets -- DAVIS 16, DAVIS 17, and YouTube-VOS. Furthermore, our approach can be applied to multiple Semi-VOS methods demonstrating its generality.      
### 46.FracBNN: Accurate and FPGA-Efficient Binary Neural Networks with Fractional Activations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12206.pdf)
>  Binary neural networks (BNNs) have 1-bit weights and activations. Such networks are well suited for FPGAs, as their dominant computations are bitwise arithmetic and the memory requirement is also significantly reduced. However, compared to start-of-the-art compact convolutional neural network (CNN) models, BNNs tend to produce a much lower accuracy on realistic datasets such as ImageNet. In addition, the input layer of BNNs has gradually become a major compute bottleneck, because it is conventionally excluded from binarization to avoid a large accuracy loss. This work proposes FracBNN, which exploits fractional activations to substantially improve the accuracy of BNNs. Specifically, our approach employs a dual-precision activation scheme to compute features with up to two bits, using an additional sparse binary convolution. We further binarize the input layer using a novel thermometer encoding. Overall, FracBNN preserves the key benefits of conventional BNNs, where all convolutional layers are computed in pure binary MAC operations (BMACs). We design an efficient FPGA-based accelerator for our novel BNN model that supports the fractional activations. To evaluate the performance of FracBNN under a resource-constrained scenario, we implement the entire optimized network architecture on an embedded FPGA (Xilinx Ultra96v2). Our experiments on ImageNet show that FracBNN achieves an accuracy comparable to MobileNetV2, surpassing the best-known BNN design on FPGAs with an increase of 28.9% in top-1 accuracy and a 2.5x reduction in model size. FracBNN also outperforms a recently introduced BNN model with an increase of 2.4% in top-1 accuracy while using the same model size. On the embedded FPGA device, FracBNN demonstrates the ability of real-time image classification.      
### 47.Automated Multi-Channel Segmentation for the 4D Myocardial Velocity Mapping Cardiac MR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12188.pdf)
>  Four-dimensional (4D) left ventricular myocardial velocity mapping (MVM) is a cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) technique that allows assessment of cardiac motion in three orthogonal directions. Accurate and reproducible delineation of the myocardium is crucial for accurate analysis of peak systolic and diastolic myocardial velocities. In addition to the conventionally available magnitude CMR data, 4D MVM also acquires three velocity-encoded phase datasets which are used to generate velocity maps. These can be used to facilitate and improve myocardial delineation. Based on the success of deep learning in medical image processing, we propose a novel automated framework that improves the standard U-Net based methods on these CMR multi-channel data (magnitude and phase) by cross-channel fusion with attention module and shape information based post-processing to achieve accurate delineation of both epicardium and endocardium contours. To evaluate the results, we employ the widely used Dice scores and the quantification of myocardial longitudinal peak velocities. Our proposed network trained with multi-channel data shows enhanced performance compared to standard U-Net based networks trained with single-channel data. Based on the results, our method provides compelling evidence for the design and application for the multi-channel image analysis of the 4D MVM CMR data.      
### 48.Cloud removal in remote sensing images using generative adversarial networks and SAR-to-optical image translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12180.pdf)
>  Satellite images are often contaminated by clouds. Cloud removal has received much attention due to the wide range of satellite image applications. As the clouds thicken, the process of removing the clouds becomes more challenging. In such cases, using auxiliary images such as near-infrared or synthetic aperture radar (SAR) for reconstructing is common. In this study, we attempt to solve the problem using two generative adversarial networks (GANs). The first translates SAR images into optical images, and the second removes clouds using the translated images of prior GAN. Also, we propose dilated residual inception blocks (DRIBs) instead of vanilla U-net in the generator networks and use structural similarity index measure (SSIM) in addition to the L1 Loss function. Reducing the number of downsamplings and expanding receptive fields by dilated convolutions increase the quality of output images. We used the SEN1-2 dataset to train and test both GANs, and we made cloudy images by adding synthetic clouds to optical images. The restored images are evaluated with PSNR and SSIM. We compare the proposed method with state-of-the-art deep learning models and achieve more accurate results in both SAR-to-optical translation and cloud removal parts.      
### 49.Deep Learning of Cell Classification using Microscope Images of Intracellular Microtubule Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12125.pdf)
>  Microtubule networks (MTs) are a component of a cell that may indicate the presence of various chemical compounds and can be used to recognize properties such as treatment resistance. Therefore, the classification of MT images is of great relevance for cell diagnostics. Human experts find it particularly difficult to recognize the levels of chemical compound exposure of a cell. Improving the accuracy with automated techniques would have a significant impact on cell therapy. In this paper we present the application of Deep Learning to MT image classification and evaluate it on a large MT image dataset of animal cells with three degrees of exposure to a chemical agent. The results demonstrate that the learned deep network performs on par or better at the corresponding cell classification task than human experts. Specifically, we show that the task of recognizing different levels of chemical agent exposure can be handled significantly better by the neural network than by human experts.      
### 50.Prediction of Chronic Kidney Disease Using Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12089.pdf)
>  Deep neural Network (DNN) is becoming a focal point in Machine Learning research. Its application is penetrating into different fields and solving intricate and complex problems. DNN is now been applied in health image processing to detect various ailment such as cancer and diabetes. Another disease that is causing threat to our health is the kidney disease. This disease is becoming prevalent due to substances and elements we intake. Death is imminent and inevitable within few days without at least one functioning kidney. Ignoring the kidney malfunction can cause chronic kidney disease leading to death. Frequently, Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) and its symptoms are mild and gradual, often go unnoticed for years only to be realized lately. Bade, a Local Government of Yobe state in Nigeria has been a center of attention by medical practitioners due to the prevalence of CKD. Unfortunately, a technical approach in culminating the disease is yet to be attained. We obtained a record of 400 patients with 10 attributes as our dataset from Bade General Hospital. We used DNN model to predict the absence or presence of CKD in the patients. The model produced an accuracy of 98%. Furthermore, we identified and highlighted the Features importance to provide the ranking of the features used in the prediction of the CKD. The outcome revealed that two attributes; Creatinine and Bicarbonate have the highest influence on the CKD prediction.      
### 51.Unsupervised Spatial-spectral Network Learning for Hyperspectral Compressive Snapshot Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12086.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral compressive imaging takes advantage of compressive sensing theory to achieve coded aperture snapshot measurement without temporal scanning, and the entire three-dimensional spatial-spectral data is captured by a two-dimensional projection during a single integration period. Its core issue is how to reconstruct the underlying hyperspectral image using compressive sensing reconstruction algorithms. Due to the diversity in the spectral response characteristics and wavelength range of different spectral imaging devices, previous works are often inadequate to capture complex spectral variations or lack the adaptive capacity to new hyperspectral imagers. In order to address these issues, we propose an unsupervised spatial-spectral network to reconstruct hyperspectral images only from the compressive snapshot measurement. The proposed network acts as a conditional generative model conditioned on the snapshot measurement, and it exploits the spatial-spectral attention module to capture the joint spatial-spectral correlation of hyperspectral images. The network parameters are optimized to make sure that the network output can closely match the given snapshot measurement according to the imaging model, thus the proposed network can adapt to different imaging settings, which can inherently enhance the applicability of the network. Extensive experiments upon multiple datasets demonstrate that our network can achieve better reconstruction results than the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 52.HDR Denoising and Deblurring by Learning Spatio-temporal Distortion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12009.pdf)
>  We seek to reconstruct sharp and noise-free high-dynamic range (HDR) video from a dual-exposure sensor that records different low-dynamic range (LDR) information in different pixel columns: Odd columns provide low-exposure, sharp, but noisy information; even columns complement this with less noisy, high-exposure, but motion-blurred data. Previous LDR work learns to deblur and denoise (DISTORTED-&gt;CLEAN) supervised by pairs of CLEAN and DISTORTED images. Regrettably, capturing DISTORTED sensor readings is time-consuming; as well, there is a lack of CLEAN HDR videos. We suggest a method to overcome those two limitations. First, we learn a different function instead: CLEAN-&gt;DISTORTED, which generates samples containing correlated pixel noise, and row and column noise, as well as motion blur from a low number of CLEAN sensor readings. Second, as there is not enough CLEAN HDR video available, we devise a method to learn from LDR video in-stead. Our approach compares favorably to several strong baselines, and can boost existing methods when they are re-trained on our data. Combined with spatial and temporal super-resolution, it enables applications such as re-lighting with low noise or blur.      
### 53.A Feasibility study for Deep learning based automated brain tumor segmentation using Magnetic Resonance Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11952.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms have accounted for the rapid acceleration of research in artificial intelligence in medical image analysis, interpretation, and segmentation with many potential applications across various sub disciplines in medicine. However, only limited number of research which investigates these application scenarios, are deployed into the clinical sector for the evaluation of the real requirement and the practical challenges of the model deployment. In this research, a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) based classification network and Faster RCNN based localization network were developed for brain tumor MR image classification and tumor localization. A typical edge detection algorithm called Prewitt was used for tumor segmentation task, based on the output of the tumor localization. Overall performance of the proposed tumor segmentation architecture, was analyzed using objective quality parameters including Accuracy, Boundary Displacement Error (BDE), Dice score and confidence interval. A subjective quality assessment of the model was conducted based on the Double Stimulus Impairment Scale (DSIS) protocol using the input of medical expertise. It was observed that the confidence level of our segmented output was in a similar range to that of experts. Also, the Neurologists have rated the output of our model as highly accurate segmentation.      
### 54.This is not the Texture you are looking for! Introducing Novel Counterfactual Explanations for Non-Experts using Generative Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11905.pdf)
>  With the ongoing rise of machine learning, the need for methods for explaining decisions made by artificial intelligence systems is becoming a more and more important topic. Especially for image classification tasks, many state-of-the-art tools to explain such classifiers rely on visual highlighting of important areas of the input data. Contrary, counterfactual explanation systems try to enable a counterfactual reasoning by modifying the input image in a way such that the classifier would have made a different prediction. By doing so, the users of counterfactual explanation systems are equipped with a completely different kind of explanatory information. However, methods for generating realistic counterfactual explanations for image classifiers are still rare. In this work, we present a novel approach to generate such counterfactual image explanations based on adversarial image-to-image translation techniques. Additionally, we conduct a user study to evaluate our approach in a use case which was inspired by a healthcare scenario. Our results show that our approach leads to significantly better results regarding mental models, explanation satisfaction, trust, emotions, and self-efficacy than two state-of-the art systems that work with saliency maps, namely LIME and LRP.      
### 55.Deep learning-based virtual refocusing of images using an engineered point-spread function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11892.pdf)
>  We present a virtual image refocusing method over an extended depth of field (DOF) enabled by cascaded neural networks and a double-helix point-spread function (DH-PSF). This network model, referred to as W-Net, is composed of two cascaded generator and discriminator network pairs. The first generator network learns to virtually refocus an input image onto a user-defined plane, while the second generator learns to perform a cross-modality image transformation, improving the lateral resolution of the output image. Using this W-Net model with DH-PSF engineering, we extend the DOF of a fluorescence microscope by ~20-fold. This approach can be applied to develop deep learning-enabled image reconstruction methods for localization microscopy techniques that utilize engineered PSFs to improve their imaging performance, including spatial resolution and volumetric imaging throughput.      
### 56.Efficient and Visualizable Convolutional Neural Networks for COVID-19 Classification Using Chest CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11860.pdf)
>  The novel 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has infected over 65 million people worldwide as of December 4, 2020, pushing the world to the brink of social and economic collapse. With cases rising rapidly, deep learning has emerged as a promising diagnosis technique. However, identifying the most accurate models to characterize COVID-19 patients is challenging because comparing results obtained with different types of data and acquisition processes is non-trivial. In this paper, we evaluated and compared 40 different convolutional neural network architectures for COVID-19 diagnosis, serving as the first to consider the EfficientNet family for COVID-19 diagnosis. EfficientNet-B5 is identified as the best model with an accuracy of 0.9931+/-0.0021, F1 score of 0.9931+/-0.0020, sensitivity of 0.9952+/-0.0020, and specificity of 0.9912+/-0.0048. Intermediate activation maps and Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mappings offer human-interpretable evidence of the model's perception of ground-class opacities and consolidations, hinting towards a promising use-case of artificial intelligence-assisted radiology tools.      
### 57.Residual Matrix Product State for Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11841.pdf)
>  Tensor network (TN), which originates from quantum physics, shows broad prospects in classical and quantum machine learning (ML). However, there still exists a considerable gap of accuracy between TN and the sophisticated neural network (NN) models for classical ML. It is still elusive how far TN ML can be improved by, e.g., borrowing the techniques from NN. In this work, we propose the residual matrix product state (ResMPS) by combining the ideas of matrix product state (MPS) and residual NN. ResMPS can be treated as a network where its layers map the "hidden" features to the outputs (e.g., classifications), and the variational parameters of the layers are the functions of the features of samples (e.g., pixels of images). This is essentially different from NN, where the layers map feed-forwardly the features to the output. ResMPS can naturally incorporate with the non-linear activations and dropout layers, and outperforms the state-of-the-art TN models on the efficiency, stability, and expression power. Besides, ResMPS is interpretable from the perspective of polynomial expansion, where the factorization and exponential machines naturally emerge. Our work contributes to connecting and hybridizing neural and tensor networks, which is crucial to understand the working mechanisms further and improve both models' performances.      
### 58.Objective Evaluation of Deep Uncertainty Predictions for COVID-19 Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11840.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been widely applied for detecting COVID-19 in medical images. Existing studies mainly apply transfer learning and other data representation strategies to generate accurate point estimates. The generalization power of these networks is always questionable due to being developed using small datasets and failing to report their predictive confidence. Quantifying uncertainties associated with DNN predictions is a prerequisite for their trusted deployment in medical settings. Here we apply and evaluate three uncertainty quantification techniques for COVID-19 detection using chest X-Ray (CXR) images. The novel concept of uncertainty confusion matrix is proposed and new performance metrics for the objective evaluation of uncertainty estimates are introduced. Through comprehensive experiments, it is shown that networks pertained on CXR images outperform networks pretrained on natural image datasets such as ImageNet. Qualitatively and quantitatively evaluations also reveal that the predictive uncertainty estimates are statistically higher for erroneous predictions than correct predictions. Accordingly, uncertainty quantification methods are capable of flagging risky predictions with high uncertainty estimates. We also observe that ensemble methods more reliably capture uncertainties during the inference.      
### 59.Dual-encoder Bidirectional Generative Adversarial Networks for Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11834.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have shown promise for various problems including anomaly detection. When anomaly detection is performed using GAN models that learn only the features of normal data samples, data that are not similar to normal data are detected as abnormal samples. The present approach is developed by employing a dual-encoder in a bidirectional GAN architecture that is trained simultaneously with a generator and a discriminator network. Through the learning mechanism, the proposed method aims to reduce the problem of bad cycle consistency, in which a bidirectional GAN might not be able to reproduce samples with a large difference between normal and abnormal samples. We assume that bad cycle consistency occurs when the method does not preserve enough information of the sample data. We show that our proposed method performs well in capturing the distribution of normal samples, thereby improving anomaly detection on GAN-based models. Experiments are reported in which our method is applied to publicly available datasets, including application to a brain magnetic resonance imaging anomaly detection system.      
### 60.Towards an Automatic System for Extracting Planar Orientations from Software Generated Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11780.pdf)
>  In geology, a key activity is the characterisation of geological structures (surface formation topology and rock units) using Planar Orientation measurements such as Strike, Dip and Dip Direction. In general these measurements are collected manually using basic equipment; usually a compass/clinometer and a backboard, recorded on a map by hand. Various computing techniques and technologies, such as Lidar, have been utilised in order to automate this process and update the collection paradigm for these types of measurements. Techniques such as Structure from Motion (SfM) reconstruct of scenes and objects by generating a point cloud from input images, with detailed reconstruction possible on the decimetre scale. SfM-type techniques provide advantages in areas of cost and usability in more varied environmental conditions, while sacrificing the extreme levels of data fidelity. Here is presented a methodology of data acquisition and a Machine Learning-based software system: GeoStructure, developed to automate the measurement of orientation measurements. Rather than deriving measurements using a method applied to the input images, such as the Hough Transform, this method takes measurements directly from the reconstructed point cloud surfaces. Point cloud noise is mitigated using a Mahalanobis distance implementation. Significant structure is characterised using a k-nearest neighbour region growing algorithm, and final surface orientations are quantified using the plane, and normal direction cosines.      
### 61.Social NCE: Contrastive Learning of Socially-aware Motion Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11717.pdf)
>  Learning socially-aware motion representations is at the core of recent advances in human trajectory forecasting and robot navigation in crowded spaces. Yet existing methods often struggle to generalize to challenging scenarios and even output unacceptable solutions (e.g., collisions). In this work, we propose to address this issue via contrastive learning. Concretely, we introduce a social contrastive loss that encourages the encoded motion representation to preserve sufficient information for distinguishing a positive future event from a set of negative ones. We explicitly draw these negative samples based on our domain knowledge about socially unfavorable scenarios in the multi-agent context. Experimental results show that the proposed method consistently boosts the performance of previous trajectory forecasting, behavioral cloning, and reinforcement learning algorithms in various settings. Our method makes little assumptions about neural architecture designs, and hence can be used as a generic way to incorporate negative data augmentation into motion representation learning.      
