# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 10 Apr 2020
### 1.X3D: Expanding Architectures for Efficient Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04730.pdf)
>  This paper presents X3D, a family of efficient video networks that progressively expand a tiny 2D image classification architecture along multiple network axes, in space, time, width and depth. Inspired by feature selection methods in machine learning, a simple stepwise network expansion approach is employed that expands a single axis in each step, such that good accuracy to complexity trade-off is achieved. To expand X3D to a specific target complexity, we perform progressive forward expansion followed by backward contraction. X3D achieves state-of-the-art performance while requiring 4.8x and 5.5x fewer multiply-adds and parameters for similar accuracy as previous work. Our most surprising finding is that networks with high spatiotemporal resolution can perform well, while being extremely light in terms of network width and parameters. We report competitive accuracy at unprecedented efficiency on video classification and detection benchmarks. Code will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/facebookresearch/SlowFast" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 2.3D Photography using Context-aware Layered Depth Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04727.pdf)
>  We propose a method for converting a single RGB-D input image into a 3D photo - a multi-layer representation for novel view synthesis that contains hallucinated color and depth structures in regions occluded in the original view. We use a Layered Depth Image with explicit pixel connectivity as underlying representation, and present a learning-based inpainting model that synthesizes new local color-and-depth content into the occluded region in a spatial context-aware manner. The resulting 3D photos can be efficiently rendered with motion parallax using standard graphics engines. We validate the effectiveness of our method on a wide range of challenging everyday scenes and show fewer artifacts compared with the state of the arts. 
### 3.Instance-aware, Context-focused, and Memory-efficient Weakly Supervised Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04725.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised learning has emerged as a compelling tool for object detection by reducing the need for strong supervision during training. However, major challenges remain: (1) differentiation of object instances can be ambiguous; (2) detectors tend to focus on discriminative parts rather than entire objects; (3) without ground truth, object proposals have to be redundant for high recalls, causing significant memory consumption. Addressing these challenges is difficult, as it often requires to eliminate uncertainties and trivial solutions. To target these issues we develop an instance-aware and context-focused unified framework. It employs an instance-aware self-training algorithm and a learnable Concrete DropBlock while devising a memory-efficient sequential batch back-propagation. Our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results on COCO ($12.1\% ~AP$, $24.8\% ~AP_{50}$), VOC 2007 ($54.9\% ~AP$), and VOC 2012 ($52.1\% ~AP$), improving baselines by great margins. In addition, the proposed method is the first to benchmark ResNet based models and weakly supervised video object detection. Refer to our project page for code, models, and more details: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NVlabs/wetectron" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 4.Scalable Active Learning for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04699.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks trained in a fully supervised fashion are the dominant technology in perception-based autonomous driving systems. While collecting large amounts of unlabeled data is already a major undertaking, only a subset of it can be labeled by humans due to the effort needed for high-quality annotation. Therefore, finding the right data to label has become a key challenge. Active learning is a powerful technique to improve data efficiency for supervised learning methods, as it aims at selecting the smallest possible training set to reach a required performance. We have built a scalable production system for active learning in the domain of autonomous driving. In this paper, we describe the resulting high-level design, sketch some of the challenges and their solutions, present our current results at scale, and briefly describe the open problems and future directions. 
### 5.TuiGAN: Learning Versatile Image-to-Image Translation with Two Unpaired Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04634.pdf)
>  An unsupervised image-to-image translation (UI2I) task deals with learning a mapping between two domains without paired images. While existing UI2I methods usually require numerous unpaired images from different domains for training, there are many scenarios where training data is quite limited. In this paper, we argue that even if each domain contains a single image, UI2I can still be achieved. To this end, we propose TuiGAN, a generative model that is trained on only two unpaired images and amounts to one-shot unsupervised learning. With TuiGAN, an image is translated in a coarse-to-fine manner where the generated image is gradually refined from global structures to local details. We conduct extensive experiments to verify that our versatile method can outperform strong baselines on a wide variety of UI2I tasks. Moreover, TuiGAN is capable of achieving comparable performance with the state-of-the-art UI2I models trained with sufficient data. 
### 6.Where Does It End? -- Reasoning About Hidden Surfaces by Object Intersection Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04630.pdf)
>  Dynamic scene understanding is an essential capability in robotics and VR/AR. In this paper we propose Co-Section, an optimization-based approach to 3D dynamic scene reconstruction, which infers hidden shape information from intersection constraints. An object-level dynamic SLAM frontend detects, segments, tracks and maps dynamic objects in the scene. Our optimization backend completes the shapes using hull and intersection constraints between the objects. In experiments, we demonstrate our approach on real and synthetic dynamic scene datasets. We also assess the shape completion performance of our method quantitatively. To the best of our knowledge, our approach is the first method to incorporate such physical plausibility constraints on object intersections for shape completion of dynamic objects in an energy minimization framework. 
### 7.AdaStereo: A Simple and Efficient Approach for Adaptive Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04627.pdf)
>  In this paper, we attempt to solve the domain adaptation problem for deep stereo matching networks. Instead of resorting to black-box structures or layers to find implicit connections across domains, we focus on investigating adaptation gaps for stereo matching. By visual inspections and extensive experiments, we conclude that low-level aligning is crucial for adaptive stereo matching, since main gaps across domains lie in the inconsistent input color and cost volume distributions. Correspondingly, we design a bottom-up domain adaptation method, in which two particular approaches are proposed, i.e. color transfer and cost regularization, that can be easily integrated into existing stereo matching models. The color transfer enables transferring a large amount of synthetic data to the same color spaces with target domains during training. The cost regularization can further constrain both the lower-layer features and cost volumes to domain-invariant distributions. Although our proposed strategies are simple and have no parameters to learn, they do improve the generalization ability of existing disparity networks by a large margin. We conduct experiments across multiple datasets, including Scene Flow, KITTI, Middlebury, ETH3D and DrivingStereo. Without whistles and bells, our synthetic-data pretrained models achieve state-of-the-art cross-domain performance compared to previous domain-invariant methods, even outperform state-of-the-art disparity networks fine-tuned with target domain ground-truths on multiple stereo matching benchmarks. 
### 8.Self-supervised Equivariant Attention Mechanism for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04581.pdf)
>  Image-level weakly supervised semantic segmentation is a challenging problem that has been deeply studied in recent years. Most of advanced solutions exploit class activation map (CAM). However, CAMs can hardly serve as the object mask due to the gap between full and weak supervisions. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised equivariant attention mechanism (SEAM) to discover additional supervision and narrow the gap. Our method is based on the observation that equivariance is an implicit constraint in fully supervised semantic segmentation, whose pixel-level labels take the same spatial transformation as the input images during data augmentation. However, this constraint is lost on the CAMs trained by image-level supervision. Therefore, we propose consistency regularization on predicted CAMs from various transformed images to provide self-supervision for network learning. Moreover, we propose a pixel correlation module (PCM), which exploits context appearance information and refines the prediction of current pixel by its similar neighbors, leading to further improvement on CAMs consistency. Extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset demonstrate our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods using the same level of supervision. The code is released online. 
### 9.Sequential Neural Rendering with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04548.pdf)
>  This paper address the problem of novel view synthesis by means of neural rendering, where we are interested in predicting the novel view at an arbitrary camera pose based on a given set of input images from other viewpoints. Using the known query pose and input poses, we create an ordered set of observations that leads to the target view. Thus, the problem of single novel view synthesis is reformulated as a sequential view prediction task. In this paper, the proposed Transformer-based Generative Query Network (T-GQN) extends the neural-rendering methods by adding two new concepts. First, we use multi-view attention learning between context images to obtain multiple implicit scene representations. Second, we introduce a sequential rendering decoder to predict an image sequence, including the target view, based on the learned representations. We evaluate our model on various challenging synthetic datasets and demonstrate that our model can give consistent predictions and achieve faster training convergence than the former architectures. 
### 10.Spatial Information Guided Convolution for Real-Time RGBD Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04534.pdf)
>  3D spatial information is known to be beneficial to the semantic segmentation task. Most existing methods take 3D spatial data as an additional input, leading to a two-stream segmentation network that processes RGB and 3D spatial information separately. This solution greatly increases the inference time and severely limits its scope for real-time applications. To solve this problem, we propose Spatial information guided Convolution (S-Conv), which allows efficient RGB feature and 3D spatial information integration. S-Conv is competent to infer the sampling offset of the convolution kernel guided by the 3D spatial information, helping the convolutional layer adjust the receptive field and adapt to geometric transformations. S-Conv also incorporates geometric information into the feature learning process by generating spatially adaptive convolutional weights. The capability of perceiving geometry is largely enhanced without much affecting the amount of parameters and computational cost. We further embed S-Conv into a semantic segmentation network, called Spatial information Guided convolutional Network (SGNet), resulting in real-time inference and state-of-the-art performance on NYUDv2 and SUNRGBD datasets. 
### 11.A Proposed IoT Smart Trap using Computer Vision for Sustainable Pest Control in Coffee Culture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04504.pdf)
>  The Internet of Things (IoT) is emerging as a multi-purpose technology with enormous potential for improving the quality of life in several areas. In particular, IoT has been applied in agriculture to make it more sustainable ecologically. For instance, electronic traps have the potential to perform pest control without any pesticide. In this paper, a smart trap with IoT capabilities that uses computer vision to identify the insect of interest is proposed. The solution includes 1) an embedded system with camera, GPS sensor and motor actuators; 2) an IoT middleware as database service provider, and 3) a Web application to present data by a configurable heat map. The demonstration of proposed solution is exposed and the main conclusions are the perception about pest concentration at the plantation and the viability as alternative pest control over traditional control based on pesticides. 
### 12.Multi-Granularity Canonical Appearance Pooling for Remote Sensing Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04491.pdf)
>  Recognising remote sensing scene images remains challenging due to large visual-semantic discrepancies. These mainly arise due to the lack of detailed annotations that can be employed to align pixel-level representations with high-level semantic labels. As the tagging process is labour-intensive and subjective, we hereby propose a novel Multi-Granularity Canonical Appearance Pooling (MG-CAP) to automatically capture the latent ontological structure of remote sensing datasets. We design a granular framework that allows progressively cropping the input image to learn multi-grained features. For each specific granularity, we discover the canonical appearance from a set of pre-defined transformations and learn the corresponding CNN features through a maxout-based Siamese style architecture. Then, we replace the standard CNN features with Gaussian covariance matrices and adopt the proper matrix normalisations for improving the discriminative power of features. Besides, we provide a stable solution for training the eigenvalue-decomposition function (EIG) in a GPU and demonstrate the corresponding back-propagation using matrix calculus. Extensive experiments have shown that our framework can achieve promising results in public remote sensing scene datasets. 
### 13.Neural Object Descriptors for Multi-View Shape Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04485.pdf)
>  The choice of scene representation is crucial in both the shape inference algorithms it requires and the smart applications it enables. We present efficient and optimisable multi-class learned object descriptors together with a novel probabilistic and differential rendering engine, for principled full object shape inference from one or more RGB-D images. Our framework allows for accurate and robust 3D object reconstruction which enables multiple applications including robot grasping and placing, augmented reality, and the first object-level SLAM system capable of optimising object poses and shapes jointly with camera trajectory. 
### 14.LightConvPoint: convolution for points  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04462.pdf)
>  Recent state-of-the-art methods for point cloud semantic segmentation are based on convolution defined for point clouds. In this paper, we propose a formulation of the convolution for point cloud directly designed from the discrete convolution in image processing. The resulting formulation underlines the separation between the discrete kernel space and the geometric space where the points lies. The link between the two space is done by a change space matrix $\mathbf{A}$ which distributes the input features on the convolution kernel. Several existing methods fall under this formulation. We show that the matrix $\mathbf{A}$ can be easily estimated with neural networks. Finally, we show competitive results on several semantic segmentation benchmarks while being efficient both in computation time and memory. 
### 15.Decoupled Gradient Harmonized Detector for Partial Annotation: Application to Signet Ring Cell Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04455.pdf)
>  Early diagnosis of signet ring cell carcinoma dramatically improves the survival rate of patients. Due to lack of public dataset and expert-level annotations, automatic detection on signet ring cell (SRC) has not been thoroughly investigated. In MICCAI DigestPath2019 challenge, apart from foreground (SRC region)-background (normal tissue area) class imbalance, SRCs are partially annotated due to costly medical image annotation, which introduces extra label noise. To address the issues simultaneously, we propose Decoupled Gradient Harmonizing Mechanism (DGHM) and embed it into classification loss, denoted as DGHM-C loss. Specifically, besides positive (SRCs) and negative (normal tissues) examples, we further decouple noisy examples from clean examples and harmonize the corresponding gradient distributions in classification respectively. Without whistles and bells, we achieved the 2nd place in the challenge. Ablation studies and controlled label missing rate experiments demonstrate that DGHM-C loss can bring substantial improvement in partially annotated object detection. 
### 16.CenterMask: single shot instance segmentation with point representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04446.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a single-shot instance segmentation method, which is simple, fast and accurate. There are two main challenges for one-stage instance segmentation: object instances differentiation and pixel-wise feature alignment. Accordingly, we decompose the instance segmentation into two parallel subtasks: Local Shape prediction that separates instances even in overlapping conditions, and Global Saliency generation that segments the whole image in a pixel-to-pixel manner. The outputs of the two branches are assembled to form the final instance masks. To realize that, the local shape information is adopted from the representation of object center points. Totally trained from scratch and without any bells and whistles, the proposed CenterMask achieves 34.5 mask AP with a speed of 12.3 fps, using a single-model with single-scale training/testing on the challenging COCO dataset. The accuracy is higher than all other one-stage instance segmentation methods except the 5 times slower TensorMask, which shows the effectiveness of CenterMask. Besides, our method can be easily embedded to other one-stage object detectors such as FCOS and performs well, showing the generation of CenterMask. 
### 17.DeepSEE: Deep Disentangled Semantic Explorative Extreme Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04433.pdf)
>  Super-resolution (SR) is by definition ill-posed. There are infinitely many plausible high-resolution variants for a given low-resolution natural image. This is why example-based SR methods study upscaling factors up to 4x (or up to 8x for face hallucination). Most of the current literature aims at a single deterministic solution of either high reconstruction fidelity or photo-realistic perceptual quality. In this work, we propose a novel framework, DeepSEE, for Deep disentangled Semantic Explorative Extreme super-resolution. To the best of our knowledge, DeepSEE is the first method to leverage semantic maps for explorative super-resolution. In particular, it provides control of the semantic regions, their disentangled appearance and it allows a broad range of image manipulations. We validate DeepSEE for up to 32x magnification and exploration of the space of super-resolution. 
### 18.Self-Supervised 3D Human Pose Estimation via Part Guided Novel Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04400.pdf)
>  Camera captured human pose is an outcome of several sources of variation. Performance of supervised 3D pose estimation approaches comes at the cost of dispensing with variations, such as shape and appearance, that may be useful for solving other related tasks. As a result, the learned model not only inculcates task-bias but also dataset-bias because of its strong reliance on the annotated samples, which also holds true for weakly-supervised models. Acknowledging this, we propose a self-supervised learning framework to disentangle such variations from unlabeled video frames. We leverage the prior knowledge on human skeleton and poses in the form of a single part-based 2D puppet model, human pose articulation constraints, and a set of unpaired 3D poses. Our differentiable formalization, bridging the representation gap between the 3D pose and spatial part maps, not only facilitates discovery of interpretable pose disentanglement but also allows us to operate on videos with diverse camera movements. Qualitative results on unseen in-the-wild datasets establish our superior generalization across multiple tasks beyond the primary tasks of 3D pose estimation and part segmentation. Furthermore, we demonstrate state-of-the-art weakly-supervised 3D pose estimation performance on both Human3.6M and MPI-INF-3DHP datasets. 
### 19.Online Meta-Learning for Multi-Source and Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04398.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) is the topical problem of adapting models from labelled source datasets so that they perform well on target datasets where only unlabelled or partially labelled data is available. Many methods have been proposed to address this problem through different ways to minimise the domain shift between source and target datasets. In this paper we take an orthogonal perspective and propose a framework to further enhance performance by meta-learning the initial conditions of existing DA algorithms. This is challenging compared to the more widely considered setting of few-shot meta-learning, due to the length of the computation graph involved. Therefore we propose an online shortest-path meta-learning framework that is both computationally tractable and practically effective for improving DA performance. We present variants for both multi-source unsupervised domain adaptation (MSDA), and semi-supervised domain adaptation (SSDA). Importantly, our approach is agnostic to the base adaptation algorithm, and can be applied to improve many techniques. Experimentally, we demonstrate improvements on classic (DANN) and recent (MCD and MME) techniques for MSDA and SSDA, and ultimately achieve state of the art results on several DA benchmarks including the largest scale DomainNet. 
### 20.Hierarchical Group Sparse Regularization for Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04394.pdf)
>  In a deep neural network (DNN), the number of the parameters is usually huge to get high learning performances. For that reason, it costs a lot of memory and substantial computational resources, and also causes overfitting. It is known that some parameters are redundant and can be removed from the network without decreasing performance. Many sparse regularization criteria have been proposed to solve this problem. In a convolutional neural network (CNN), group sparse regularizations are often used to remove unnecessary subsets of the weights, such as filters or channels. When we apply a group sparse regularization for the weights connected to a neuron as a group, each convolution filter is not treated as a target group in the regularization. In this paper, we introduce the concept of hierarchical grouping to solve this problem, and we propose several hierarchical group sparse regularization criteria for CNNs. Our proposed the hierarchical group sparse regularization can treat the weight for the input-neuron or the output-neuron as a group and convolutional filter as a group in the same group to prune the unnecessary subsets of weights. As a result, we can prune the weights more adequately depending on the structure of the network and the number of channels keeping high performance. In the experiment, we investigate the effectiveness of the proposed sparse regularizations through intensive comparison experiments on public datasets with several network architectures. Code is available on GitHub: "<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/K-Mitsuno/hierarchical-group-sparse-regularization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>" 
### 21.Universal Source-Free Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04393.pdf)
>  There is a strong incentive to develop versatile learning techniques that can transfer the knowledge of class-separability from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain in the presence of a domain-shift. Existing domain adaptation (DA) approaches are not equipped for practical DA scenarios as a result of their reliance on the knowledge of source-target label-set relationship (e.g. Closed-set, Open-set or Partial DA). Furthermore, almost all prior unsupervised DA works require coexistence of source and target samples even during deployment, making them unsuitable for real-time adaptation. Devoid of such impractical assumptions, we propose a novel two-stage learning process. 1) In the Procurement stage, we aim to equip the model for future source-free deployment, assuming no prior knowledge of the upcoming category-gap and domain-shift. To achieve this, we enhance the model's ability to reject out-of-source distribution samples by leveraging the available source data, in a novel generative classifier framework. 2) In the Deployment stage, the goal is to design a unified adaptation algorithm capable of operating across a wide range of category-gaps, with no access to the previously seen source samples. To this end, in contrast to the usage of complex adversarial training regimes, we define a simple yet effective source-free adaptation objective by utilizing a novel instance-level weighting mechanism, named as Source Similarity Metric (SSM). A thorough evaluation shows the practical usability of the proposed learning framework with superior DA performance even over state-of-the-art source-dependent approaches. 
### 22.Towards Inheritable Models for Open-Set Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04388.pdf)
>  There has been a tremendous progress in Domain Adaptation (DA) for visual recognition tasks. Particularly, open-set DA has gained considerable attention wherein the target domain contains additional unseen categories. Existing open-set DA approaches demand access to a labeled source dataset along with unlabeled target instances. However, this reliance on co-existing source and target data is highly impractical in scenarios where data-sharing is restricted due to its proprietary nature or privacy concerns. Addressing this, we introduce a practical DA paradigm where a source-trained model is used to facilitate adaptation in the absence of the source dataset in future. To this end, we formalize knowledge inheritability as a novel concept and propose a simple yet effective solution to realize inheritable models suitable for the above practical paradigm. Further, we present an objective way to quantify inheritability to enable the selection of the most suitable source model for a given target domain, even in the absence of the source data. We provide theoretical insights followed by a thorough empirical evaluation demonstrating state-of-the-art open-set domain adaptation performance. 
### 23.Masked GANs for Unsupervised Depth and Pose Prediction with Scale Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04345.pdf)
>  Previous works have shown that adversarial learning can be used for unsupervised monocular depth and visual odometry (VO) estimation. However, the performance of pose and depth networks is limited by occlusions and visual field changes. Because of the incomplete correspondence of visual information between frames caused by motion, target images cannot be synthesized completely from source images via view reconstruction and bilinear interpolation. The reconstruction loss based on the difference between synthesized and real target images will be affected by the incomplete reconstruction. Besides, the data distribution of unreconstructed regions will be learned and help the discriminator distinguish between real and fake images, thereby causing the case that the generator may fail to compete with the discriminator. Therefore, a MaskNet is designed in this paper to predict these regions and reduce their impacts on the reconstruction loss and adversarial loss. The impact of unreconstructed regions on discriminator is tackled by proposing a boolean mask scheme, as shown in Fig. 1. Furthermore, we consider the scale consistency of our pose network by utilizing a new scale-consistency loss, therefore our pose network is capable of providing the full camera trajectory over the long monocular sequence. Extensive experiments on KITTI dataset show that each component proposed in this paper contributes to the performance, and both of our depth and trajectory prediction achieve competitive performance. 
### 24.Reciprocal Learning Networks for Human Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04340.pdf)
>  We observe that the human trajectory is not only forward predictable, but also backward predictable. Both forward and backward trajectories follow the same social norms and obey the same physical constraints with the only difference in their time directions. Based on this unique property, we develop a new approach, called reciprocal learning, for human trajectory prediction. Two networks, forward and backward prediction networks, are tightly coupled, satisfying the reciprocal constraint, which allows them to be jointly learned. Based on this constraint, we borrow the concept of adversarial attacks of deep neural networks, which iteratively modifies the input of the network to match the given or forced network output, and develop a new method for network prediction, called reciprocal attack for matched prediction. It further improves the prediction accuracy. Our experimental results on benchmark datasets demonstrate that our new method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for human trajectory prediction. 
### 25.MoreFusion: Multi-object Reasoning for 6D Pose Estimation from Volumetric Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04336.pdf)
>  Robots and other smart devices need efficient object-based scene representations from their on-board vision systems to reason about contact, physics and occlusion. Recognized precise object models will play an important role alongside non-parametric reconstructions of unrecognized structures. We present a system which can estimate the accurate poses of multiple known objects in contact and occlusion from real-time, embodied multi-view vision. Our approach makes 3D object pose proposals from single RGB-D views, accumulates pose estimates and non-parametric occupancy information from multiple views as the camera moves, and performs joint optimization to estimate consistent, non-intersecting poses for multiple objects in contact. <br>We verify the accuracy and robustness of our approach experimentally on 2 object datasets: YCB-Video, and our own challenging Cluttered YCB-Video. We demonstrate a real-time robotics application where a robot arm precisely and orderly disassembles complicated piles of objects, using only on-board RGB-D vision. 
### 26.Quasi-Newton Solver for Robust Non-Rigid Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04322.pdf)
>  Imperfect data (noise, outliers and partial overlap) and high degrees of freedom make non-rigid registration a classical challenging problem in computer vision. Existing methods typically adopt the $\ell_{p}$ type robust estimator to regularize the fitting and smoothness, and the proximal operator is used to solve the resulting non-smooth problem. However, the slow convergence of these algorithms limits its wide applications. In this paper, we propose a formulation for robust non-rigid registration based on a globally smooth robust estimator for data fitting and regularization, which can handle outliers and partial overlaps. We apply the majorization-minimization algorithm to the problem, which reduces each iteration to solving a simple least-squares problem with L-BFGS. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method for non-rigid alignment between two shapes with outliers and partial overlap, with quantitative evaluation showing that it outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of registration accuracy and computational speed. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Juyong/Fast_RNRR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 27.Identification of splicing edges in tampered image based on Dichromatic Reflection Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04317.pdf)
>  Imaging is a sophisticated process combining a plenty of photovoltaic conversions, which lead to some spectral signatures beyond visual perception in the final images. Any manipulation against an original image will destroy these signatures and inevitably leave some traces in the final forgery. Therefore we present a novel optic-physical method to discriminate splicing edges from natural edges in a tampered image. First, we transform the forensic image from RGB into color space of S and o1o2. Then on the assumption of Dichromatic Reflection Model, edges in the image are discovered by composite gradient and classified into different types based on their different photometric properties. Finally, splicing edges are reserved against natural ones by a simple logical algorithm. Experiment results show the efficacy of the proposed method. 
### 28.Learning to Scale Multilingual Representations for Vision-Language Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04312.pdf)
>  Current multilingual vision-language models either require a large number of additional parameters for each supported language, or suffer performance degradation as languages are added. In this paper, we propose a Scalable Multilingual Aligned Language Representation (SMALR) that represents many languages with few model parameters without sacrificing downstream task performance. SMALR learns a fixed size language-agnostic representation for most words in a multilingual vocabulary, keeping language-specific features for few. We use a novel masked cross-language modeling loss to align features with context from other languages. Additionally, we propose a cross-lingual consistency module that ensures predictions made for a query and its machine translation are comparable. The effectiveness of SMALR is demonstrated with ten diverse languages, over twice the number supported in vision-language tasks to date. We evaluate on multilingual image-sentence retrieval and outperform prior work by 3-4% with less than 1/5th the training parameters compared to other word embedding methods. 
### 29.Estimating Grape Yield on the Vine from Multiple Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04278.pdf)
>  Estimating grape yield prior to harvest is important to commercial vineyard production as it informs many vineyard and winery decisions. Currently, the process of yield estimation is time consuming and varies in its accuracy from 75-90\% depending on the experience of the viticulturist. This paper proposes a multiple task learning (MTL) convolutional neural network (CNN) approach that uses images captured by inexpensive smart phones secured in a simple tripod arrangement. The CNN models use MTL transfer from autoencoders to achieve 85\% accuracy from image data captured 6 days prior to harvest. 
### 30.Deep Manifold Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04242.pdf)
>  We present a prior for manifold structured data, such as surfaces of 3D shapes, where deep neural networks are adopted to reconstruct a target shape using gradient descent starting from a random initialization. We show that surfaces generated this way are smooth, with limiting behavior characterized by Gaussian processes, and we mathematically derive such properties for fully-connected as well as convolutional networks. We demonstrate our method in a variety of manifold reconstruction applications, such as point cloud denoising and interpolation, achieving considerably better results against competitive baselines while requiring no training data. We also show that when training data is available, our method allows developing alternate parametrizations of surfaces under the framework of AtlasNet, leading to a compact network architecture and better reconstruction results on standard image to shape reconstruction benchmarks. 
### 31.Transferable, Controllable, and Inconspicuous Adversarial Attacks on Person Re-identification With Deep Mis-Ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04199.pdf)
>  The success of DNNs has driven the extensive applications of person re-identification (ReID) into a new era. However, whether ReID inherits the vulnerability of DNNs remains unexplored. To examine the robustness of ReID systems is rather important because the insecurity of ReID systems may cause severe losses, e.g., the criminals may use the adversarial perturbations to cheat the CCTV systems. In this work, we examine the insecurity of current best-performing ReID models by proposing a learning-to-mis-rank formulation to perturb the ranking of the system output. As the cross-dataset transferability is crucial in the ReID domain, we also perform a back-box attack by developing a novel multi-stage network architecture that pyramids the features of different levels to extract general and transferable features for the adversarial perturbations. Our method can control the number of malicious pixels by using differentiable multi-shot sampling. To guarantee the inconspicuousness of the attack, we also propose a new perception loss to achieve better visual quality. Extensive experiments on four of the largest ReID benchmarks (i.e., Market1501 [45], CUHK03 [18], DukeMTMC [33], and MSMT17 [40]) not only show the effectiveness of our method, but also provides directions of the future improvement in the robustness of ReID systems. For example, the accuracy of one of the best-performing ReID systems drops sharply from 91.8% to 1.4% after being attacked by our method. Some attack results are shown in Fig. 1. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/whj363636/Adversarial-attack-on-Person-ReID-With-Deep-Mis-Ranking" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 32.The GeoLifeCLEF 2020 Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04192.pdf)
>  Understanding the geographic distribution of species is a key concern in conservation. By pairing species occurrences with environmental features, researchers can model the relationship between an environment and the species which may be found there. To facilitate research in this area, we present the GeoLifeCLEF 2020 dataset, which consists of 1.9 million species observations paired with high-resolution remote sensing imagery, land cover data, and altitude, in addition to traditional low-resolution climate and soil variables. We also discuss the GeoLifeCLEF 2020 competition, which aims to use this dataset to advance the state-of-the-art in location-based species recommendation. 
### 33.Leveraging 2D Data to Learn Textured 3D Mesh Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04180.pdf)
>  Numerous methods have been proposed for probabilistic generative modelling of 3D objects. However, none of these is able to produce textured objects, which renders them of limited use for practical tasks. In this work, we present the first generative model of textured 3D meshes. Training such a model would traditionally require a large dataset of textured meshes, but unfortunately, existing datasets of meshes lack detailed textures. We instead propose a new training methodology that allows learning from collections of 2D images without any 3D information. To do so, we train our model to explain a distribution of images by modelling each image as a 3D foreground object placed in front of a 2D background. Thus, it learns to generate meshes that when rendered, produce images similar to those in its training set. <br>A well-known problem when generating meshes with deep networks is the emergence of self-intersections, which are problematic for many use-cases. As a second contribution we therefore introduce a new generation process for 3D meshes that guarantees no self-intersections arise, based on the physical intuition that faces should push one another out of the way as they move. <br>We conduct extensive experiments on our approach, reporting quantitative and qualitative results on both synthetic data and natural images. These show our method successfully learns to generate plausible and diverse textured 3D samples for five challenging object classes. 
### 34.Learning to Drive Off Road on Smooth Terrain in Unstructured Environments Using an On-Board Camera and Sparse Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04697.pdf)
>  We present a method for learning to drive on smooth terrain while simultaneously avoiding collisions in challenging off-road and unstructured outdoor environments using only visual inputs. Our approach applies a hybrid model-based and model-free reinforcement learning method that is entirely self-supervised in labeling terrain roughness and collisions using on-board sensors. Notably, we provide both first-person and overhead aerial image inputs to our model. We find that the fusion of these complementary inputs improves planning foresight and makes the model robust to visual obstructions. Our results show the ability to generalize to environments with plentiful vegetation, various types of rock, and sandy trails. During evaluation, our policy attained 90% smooth terrain traversal and reduced the proportion of rough terrain driven over by 6.1 times compared to a model using only first-person imagery. 
### 35.Rethinking the Trigger of Backdoor Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04692.pdf)
>  In this work, we study the problem of backdoor attacks, which add a specific trigger ($i.e.$, a local patch) onto some training images to enforce that the testing images with the same trigger are incorrectly predicted while the natural testing examples are correctly predicted by the trained model. Many existing works adopted the setting that the triggers across the training and testing images follow the same appearance and are located at the same area. However, we observe that if the appearance or location of the trigger is slightly changed, then the attack performance may degrade sharply. According to this observation, we propose to spatially transform ($e.g.$, flipping and scaling) the testing image, such that the appearance and location of the trigger (if exists) will be changed. This simple strategy is experimentally verified to be effective to defend many state-of-the-art backdoor attack methods. Furthermore, to enhance the robustness of the backdoor attacks, we propose to conduct the random spatial transformation on the training images with the trigger before feeding into the training process. Extensive experiments verify that the proposed backdoor attack is robust to spatial transformations. 
### 36.Orthogonal Over-Parameterized Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04690.pdf)
>  The inductive bias of a neural network is largely determined by the architecture and the training algorithm. To achieve good generalization, how to effectively train a neural network is even more important than designing the architecture. We propose a novel orthogonal over-parameterized training (OPT) framework that can provably minimize the hyperspherical energy which characterizes the diversity of neurons on a hypersphere. By constantly maintaining the minimum hyperspherical energy during training, OPT can greatly improve the network generalization. Specifically, OPT fixes the randomly initialized weights of the neurons and learns an orthogonal transformation that applies to these neurons. We propose multiple ways to learn such an orthogonal transformation, including unrolling orthogonalization algorithms, applying orthogonal parameterization, and designing orthogonality-preserving gradient update. Interestingly, OPT reveals that learning a proper coordinate system for neurons is crucial to generalization and may be more important than learning a specific relative position of neurons. We further provide theoretical insights of why OPT yields better generalization. Extensive experiments validate the superiority of OPT. 
### 37.Fisher Discriminant Triplet and Contrastive Losses for Training Siamese Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04674.pdf)
>  Siamese neural network is a very powerful architecture for both feature extraction and metric learning. It usually consists of several networks that share weights. The Siamese concept is topology-agnostic and can use any neural network as its backbone. The two most popular loss functions for training these networks are the triplet and contrastive loss functions. In this paper, we propose two novel loss functions, named Fisher Discriminant Triplet (FDT) and Fisher Discriminant Contrastive (FDC). The former uses anchor-neighbor-distant triplets while the latter utilizes pairs of anchor-neighbor and anchor-distant samples. The FDT and FDC loss functions are designed based on the statistical formulation of the Fisher Discriminant Analysis (FDA), which is a linear subspace learning method. Our experiments on the MNIST and two challenging and publicly available histopathology datasets show the effectiveness of the proposed loss functions. 
### 38.Test-Time Adaptable Neural Networks for Robust Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04668.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) work very well for supervised learning problems when the training dataset is representative of the variations expected to be encountered at test time. In medical image segmentation, this premise is violated when there is a mismatch between training and test images in terms of their acquisition details, such as the scanner model or the protocol. Remarkable performance degradation of CNNs in this scenario is well documented in the literature. To address this problem, we design the segmentation CNN as a concatenation of two sub-networks: a relatively shallow image normalization CNN, followed by a deep CNN that segments the normalized image. We train both these sub-networks using a training dataset, consisting of annotated images from a particular scanner and protocol setting. Now, at test time, we adapt the image normalization sub-network for each test image, guided by an implicit prior on the predicted segmentation labels. We employ an independently trained denoising autoencoder (DAE) in order to model such an implicit prior on plausible anatomical segmentation labels. We validate the proposed idea on multi-center Magnetic Resonance imaging datasets of three anatomies: brain, heart and prostate. The proposed test-time adaptation consistently provides performance improvement, demonstrating the promise and generality of the approach. Being agnostic to the architecture of the deep CNN, the second sub-network, the proposed design can be utilized with any segmentation network to increase robustness to variations in imaging scanners and protocols. 
### 39.CNN2Gate: Toward Designing a General Framework for Implementation of Convolutional Neural Networks on FPGA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04641.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have a major impact on our society because of the numerous services they provide. On the other hand, they require considerable computing power. To satisfy these requirements, it is possible to use graphic processing units (GPUs). However, high power consumption and limited external IOs constrain their usability and suitability in industrial and mission-critical scenarios. Recently, the number of researches that utilize FPGAs to implement CNNs are increasing rapidly. This is due to the lower power consumption and easy reconfigurability offered by these platforms. Because of the research efforts put into topics such as architecture, synthesis and optimization, some new challenges are arising to integrate such hardware solutions to high-level machine learning software libraries. This paper introduces an integrated framework (CNN2Gate) that supports compilation of a CNN model for an FPGA target. CNN2Gate exploits the OpenCL\textsuperscript{TM} synthesis workflow for FPGAs offered by commercial vendors. CNN2Gate is capable of parsing CNN models from several popular high-level machine learning libraries such as Keras, Pytorch, Caffe2 etc. CNN2Gate extracts computation flow of layers, in addition to weights and biases and applies a "given" fixed-point quantization. Furthermore, it writes this information in the proper format for OpenCL synthesis tools that are then used to build and run the project on FPGA. CNN2Gate performs design-space exploration using a reinforcement learning agent and fits the design on different FPGAs with limited logic resources automatically. This paper reports results of automatic synthesis and design-space exploration of AlexNet and VGG-16 on various Intel FPGA platforms. CNN2Gate achieves a latency of 205 ms for VGG-16 and 18 ms for AlexNet on the FPGA. 
### 40.Cortical surface registration using unsupervised learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04617.pdf)
>  Non-rigid cortical registration is an important and challenging task due to the geometric complexity of the human cortex and the high degree of inter-subject variability. A conventional solution is to use a spherical representation of surface properties and perform registration by aligning cortical folding patterns in that space. This strategy produces accurate spatial alignment but often requires a high computational cost. Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated the potential to dramatically speed up volumetric registration. However, due to distortions introduced by projecting a sphere to a 2D plane, a direct application of recent learning-based methods to surfaces yields poor results. In this study, we present SphereMorph, a diffeomorphic registration framework for cortical surfaces using deep networks that addresses these issues. SphereMorph uses a UNet-style network associated with a spherical kernel to learn the displacement field and warps the sphere using a modified spatial transformer layer. We propose a resampling weight in computing the data fitting loss to account for distortions introduced by polar projection, and demonstrate the performance of our proposed method on two tasks, including cortical parcellation and group-wise functional area alignment. The experiments show that the proposed SphereMorph is capable of modeling the geometric registration problem in a CNN framework and demonstrate superior registration accuracy and computational efficiency. 
### 41.DeepCOVIDExplainer: Explainable COVID-19 Predictions Based on Chest X-ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04582.pdf)
>  Amid the coronavirus disease(COVID-19) pandemic, humanity experiences a rapid increase in infection numbers across the world. Challenge hospitals are faced with, in the fight against the virus, is the effective screening of incoming patients. One methodology is the assessment of chest radiography(CXR) images, which usually requires expert radiologists' knowledge. In this paper, we propose an explainable deep neural networks(DNN)-based method for automatic detection of COVID-19 symptoms from CXR images, which we call 'DeepCOVIDExplainer'. We used 16,995 CXR images across 13,808 patients, covering normal, pneumonia, and COVID-19 cases. CXR images are first comprehensively preprocessed, before being augmented and classified with a neural ensemble method, followed by highlighting class-discriminating regions using gradient-guided class activation maps(Grad-CAM++) and layer-wise relevance propagation(LRP). Further, we provide human-interpretable explanations of the predictions. Evaluation results based on hold-out data show that our approach can identify COVID-19 confidently with a positive predictive value(PPV) of 89.61% and recall of 83%, improving over recent comparable approaches. We hope that our findings will be a useful contribution to the fight against COVID-19 and, in more general, towards an increasing acceptance and adoption of AI-assisted applications in the clinical practice. 
### 42.ARCH: Animatable Reconstruction of Clothed Humans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04572.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose ARCH (Animatable Reconstruction of Clothed Humans), a novel end-to-end framework for accurate reconstruction of animation-ready 3D clothed humans from a monocular image. Existing approaches to digitize 3D humans struggle to handle pose variations and recover details. Also, they do not produce models that are animation ready. In contrast, ARCH is a learned pose-aware model that produces detailed 3D rigged full-body human avatars from a single unconstrained RGB image. A Semantic Space and a Semantic Deformation Field are created using a parametric 3D body estimator. They allow the transformation of 2D/3D clothed humans into a canonical space, reducing ambiguities in geometry caused by pose variations and occlusions in training data. Detailed surface geometry and appearance are learned using an implicit function representation with spatial local features. Furthermore, we propose additional per-pixel supervision on the 3D reconstruction using opacity-aware differentiable rendering. Our experiments indicate that ARCH increases the fidelity of the reconstructed humans. We obtain more than 50% lower reconstruction errors for standard metrics compared to state-of-the-art methods on public datasets. We also show numerous qualitative examples of animated, high-quality reconstructed avatars unseen in the literature so far. 
### 43.Recognizing Spatial Configurations of Objects with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04546.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms can be seen as compositions of functions acting on learned representations encoded as tensor-structured data. However, in most applications those representations are monolithic, with for instance one single vector encoding an entire image or sentence. In this paper, we build upon the recent successes of Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) to explore the use of graph-structured representations for learning spatial configurations. Motivated by the ability of humans to distinguish arrangements of shapes, we introduce two novel geometrical reasoning tasks, for which we provide the datasets. We introduce novel GNN layers and architectures to solve the tasks and show that graph-structured representations are necessary for good performance. 
### 44.Learnable Subspace Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04520.pdf)
>  This paper studies the large-scale subspace clustering (LSSC) problem with million data points. Many popular subspace clustering methods cannot directly handle the LSSC problem although they have been considered as state-of-the-art methods for small-scale data points. A basic reason is that these methods often choose all data points as a big dictionary to build huge coding models, which results in a high time and space complexity. In this paper, we develop a learnable subspace clustering paradigm to efficiently solve the LSSC problem. The key idea is to learn a parametric function to partition the high-dimensional subspaces into their underlying low-dimensional subspaces instead of the expensive costs of the classical coding models. Moreover, we propose a unified robust predictive coding machine (RPCM) to learn the parametric function, which can be solved by an alternating minimization algorithm. In addition, we provide a bounded contraction analysis of the parametric function. To the best of our knowledge, this paper is the first work to efficiently cluster millions of data points among the subspace clustering methods. Experiments on million-scale datasets verify that our paradigm outperforms the related state-of-the-art methods in both efficiency and effectiveness. 
### 45.Adversarial Latent Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04467.pdf)
>  Autoencoder networks are unsupervised approaches aiming at combining generative and representational properties by learning simultaneously an encoder-generator map. Although studied extensively, the issues of whether they have the same generative power of GANs, or learn disentangled representations, have not been fully addressed. We introduce an autoencoder that tackles these issues jointly, which we call Adversarial Latent Autoencoder (ALAE). It is a general architecture that can leverage recent improvements on GAN training procedures. We designed two autoencoders: one based on a MLP encoder, and another based on a StyleGAN generator, which we call StyleALAE. We verify the disentanglement properties of both architectures. We show that StyleALAE can not only generate 1024x1024 face images with comparable quality of StyleGAN, but at the same resolution can also produce face reconstructions and manipulations based on real images. This makes ALAE the first autoencoder able to compare with, and go beyond the capabilities of a generator-only type of architecture. 
### 46.TensorProjection Layer: A Tensor-Based Dimensionality Reduction Method in CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04454.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a dimensionality reduction method applied to tensor-structured data as a hidden layer (we call it TensorProjection Layer) in a convolutional neural network. Our proposed method transforms input tensors into ones with a smaller dimension by projection. The directions of projection are viewed as training parameters associated with our proposed layer and trained via a supervised learning criterion such as minimization of the cross-entropy loss function. We discuss the gradients of the loss function with respect to the parameters associated with our proposed layer. We also implement simple numerical experiments to evaluate the performance of the TensorProjection Layer. 
### 47.Automatic detection of acute ischemic stroke using non-contrast computed tomography and two-stage deep learning model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04432.pdf)
>  Background and Purpose: We aimed to develop and evaluate an automatic acute ischemic stroke-related (AIS) detection system involving a two-stage deep learning model. <br>Methods: We included 238 cases from two different institutions. AIS-related findings were annotated on each of the 238 sets of head CT images by referring to head magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) images in which an MRI examination was performed within 24 h following the CT scan. These 238 annotated cases were divided into a training set including 189 cases and test set including 49 cases. Subsequently, a two-stage deep learning detection model was constructed from the training set using the You Only Look Once v3 model and Visual Geometry Group 16 classification model. Then, the two-stage model performed the AIS detection process in the test set. To assess the detection model's results, a board-certified radiologist also evaluated the test set head CT images with and without the aid of the detection model. The sensitivity of AIS detection and number of false positives were calculated for the evaluation of the test set detection results. The sensitivity of the radiologist with and without the software detection results was compared using the McNemar test. A p-value of less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. <br>Results: For the two-stage model and radiologist without and with the use of the software results, the sensitivity was 37.3%, 33.3%, and 41.3%, respectively, and the number of false positives per one case was 1.265, 0.327, and 0.388, respectively. On using the two-stage detection model's results, the board-certified radiologist's detection sensitivity significantly improved (p-value = 0.0313). <br>Conclusions: Our detection system involving the two-stage deep learning model significantly improved the radiologist's sensitivity in AIS detection. 
### 48.Score-Guided Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04396.pdf)
>  We propose a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) that introduces an evaluator module using pre-trained networks. The proposed model, called score-guided GAN (ScoreGAN), is trained with an evaluation metric for GANs, i.e., the Inception score, as a rough guide for the training of the generator. By using another pre-trained network instead of the Inception network, ScoreGAN circumvents the overfitting of the Inception network in order that generated samples do not correspond to adversarial examples of the Inception network. Also, to prevent the overfitting, the evaluation metrics are employed only as an auxiliary role, while the conventional target of GANs is mainly used. Evaluated with the CIFAR-10 dataset, ScoreGAN demonstrated an Inception score of 10.36$\pm$0.15, which corresponds to state-of-the-art performance. Furthermore, to generalize the effectiveness of ScoreGAN, the model was further evaluated with another dataset, i.e., the CIFAR-100; as a result, ScoreGAN outperformed the other existing methods, where the Frchet Inception Distance (FID) of ScoreGAN trained over the CIFAR-100 dataset was 13.98. 
### 49.Feedback Recurrent Autoencoder for Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04342.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep generative modeling have enabled efficient modeling of high dimensional data distributions and opened up a new horizon for solving data compression problems. Specifically, autoencoder based learned image or video compression solutions are emerging as strong competitors to traditional approaches. In this work, We propose a new network architecture, based on common and well studied components, for learned video compression operating in low latency mode. Our method yields state of the art MS-SSIM/rate performance on the high-resolution UVG dataset, among both learned video compression approaches and classical video compression methods (H.265 and H.264) in the rate range of interest for streaming applications. Additionally, we provide an analysis of existing approaches through the lens of their underlying probabilistic graphical models. Finally, we point out issues with temporal consistency and color shift observed in empirical evaluation, and suggest directions forward to alleviate those. 
### 50.TOG: Targeted Adversarial Objectness Gradient Attacks on Real-time Object Detection Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04320.pdf)
>  The rapid growth of real-time huge data capturing has pushed the deep learning and data analytic computing to the edge systems. Real-time object recognition on the edge is one of the representative deep neural network (DNN) powered edge systems for real-world mission-critical applications, such as autonomous driving and augmented reality. While DNN powered object detection edge systems celebrate many life-enriching opportunities, they also open doors for misuse and abuse. This paper presents three Targeted adversarial Objectness Gradient attacks, coined as TOG, which can cause the state-of-the-art deep object detection networks to suffer from object-vanishing, object-fabrication, and object-mislabeling attacks. We also present a universal objectness gradient attack to use adversarial transferability for black-box attacks, which is effective on any inputs with negligible attack time cost, low human perceptibility, and particularly detrimental to object detection edge systems. We report our experimental measurements using two benchmark datasets (PASCAL VOC and MS COCO) on two state-of-the-art detection algorithms (YOLO and SSD). The results demonstrate serious adversarial vulnerabilities and the compelling need for developing robust object detection systems. 
### 51.Physics-enhanced machine learning for virtual fluorescence microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04306.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a supervised deep-learning network that jointly optimizes the physical setup of an optical microscope to infer fluorescence image information. Specifically, we design a bright-field microscope's illumination module to maximize the performance for inference of fluorescent cellular features from bright-field imagery. We take advantage of the wide degree of flexibility available in illuminating a sample to optimize for programmable patterns of light from a customized LED array, which produce better task-specific performance than standard lighting techniques. We achieve illumination pattern optimization by including a physical model of image formation within the initial layers of a deep convolutional network. Our optimized illumination patterns result in up to a 45% performance improvement as compared to standard imaging methods, and we additionally explore how the optimized patterns vary as a function of inference task. This work demonstrates the importance of optimizing the process of image capture via programmable optical elements to improve automated analysis, and offers new physical insights into expected performance gains of recent fluorescence image inference work. 
### 52.GeneCAI: Genetic Evolution for Acquiring Compact AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04249.pdf)
>  In the contemporary big data realm, Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are evolving towards more complex architectures to achieve higher inference accuracy. Model compression techniques can be leveraged to efficiently deploy such compute-intensive architectures on resource-limited mobile devices. Such methods comprise various hyper-parameters that require per-layer customization to ensure high accuracy. Choosing such hyper-parameters is cumbersome as the pertinent search space grows exponentially with model layers. This paper introduces GeneCAI, a novel optimization method that automatically learns how to tune per-layer compression hyper-parameters. We devise a bijective translation scheme that encodes compressed DNNs to the genotype space. The optimality of each genotype is measured using a multi-objective score based on accuracy and number of floating point operations. We develop customized genetic operations to iteratively evolve the non-dominated solutions towards the optimal Pareto front, thus, capturing the optimal trade-off between model accuracy and complexity. GeneCAI optimization method is highly scalable and can achieve a near-linear performance boost on distributed multi-GPU platforms. Our extensive evaluations demonstrate that GeneCAI outperforms existing rule-based and reinforcement learning methods in DNN compression by finding models that lie on a better accuracy-complexity Pareto curve. 
### 53.Variable Rate Video Compression using a Hybrid Recurrent Convolutional Learning Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04244.pdf)
>  In recent years, neural network-based image compression techniques have been able to outperform traditional codecs and have opened the gates for the development of learning-based video codecs. However, to take advantage of the high temporal correlation in videos, more sophisticated architectures need to be employed. This paper presents PredEncoder, a hybrid video compression framework based on the concept of predictive auto-encoding that models the temporal correlations between consecutive video frames using a prediction network which is then combined with a progressive encoder network to exploit the spatial redundancies. A variable-rate block encoding scheme has been proposed in the paper that leads to remarkably high quality to bit-rate ratios. By joint training and fine-tuning of this hybrid architecture, PredEncoder has been able to gain significant improvement over the MPEG-4 codec and has achieved bit-rate savings over the H.264 codec in the low to medium bit-rate range for HD videos and comparable results over most bit-rates for non-HD videos. This paper serves to demonstrate how neural architectures can be leveraged to perform at par with the highly optimized traditional methodologies in the video compression domain. 
### 54.A single image deep learning approach to restoration of corrupted remote sensing products  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04209.pdf)
>  Remote sensing images are used for a variety of analyses, from agricultural monitoring, to disaster relief, to resource planning, among others. The images can be corrupted due to a number of reasons, including instrument errors and natural obstacles such as clouds. We present here a novel approach for reconstruction of missing information in such cases using only the corrupted image as the input. The Deep Image Prior methodology eliminates the need for a pre-trained network or an image database. It is shown that the approach easily beats the performance of traditional single-image methods. 
### 55.Inpainting via Generative Adversarial Networks for CMB data analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.04177.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a new method to inpaint the CMB signal in regions masked out following a point source extraction process. We adopt a modified Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and compare different combinations of internal (hyper-)parameters and training strategies. We study the performance using a suitable $\mathcal{C}_r$ variable in order to estimate the performance regarding the CMB power spectrum recovery. We consider a test set where one point source is masked out in each sky patch with a 1.83 $\times$ 1.83 squared degree extension, which, in our gridding, corresponds to 64 $\times$ 64 pixels. The GAN is optimized for estimating performance on Planck 2018 total intensity simulations. The training makes the GAN effective in reconstructing a masking corresponding to about 1500 pixels with $1\%$ error down to angular scales corresponding to about 5 arcminutes. 
