# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 28 Apr 2020
### 1.MakeItTalk: Speaker-Aware Talking Head Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12992.pdf)
>  We present a method that generates expressive talking heads from a single facial image with audio as the only input. In contrast to previous approaches that attempt to learn direct mappings from audio to raw pixels or points for creating talking faces, our method first disentangles the content and speaker information in the input audio signal. The audio content robustly controls the motion of lips and nearby facial regions, while the speaker information determines the specifics of facial expressions and the rest of the talking head dynamics. Another key component of our method is the prediction of facial landmarks reflecting speaker-aware dynamics. Based on this intermediate representation, our method is able to synthesize photorealistic videos of entire talking heads with full range of motion and also animate artistic paintings, sketches, 2D cartoon characters, Japanese mangas, stylized caricatures in a single unified framework. We present extensive quantitative and qualitative evaluation of our method, in addition to user studies, demonstrating generated talking heads of significantly higher quality compared to prior state-of-the-art.      
### 2.CoReNet: Coherent 3D scene reconstruction from a single RGB image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12989.pdf)
>  Advances in deep learning techniques have allowed recent work to reconstruct the shape of a single object given only one RBG image as input. Building on common encoder-decoder architectures for this task, we propose three extensions: (1) ray-traced skip connections that propagate local 2D information to the output 3D volume in a physically correct manner; (2) a hybrid 3D volume representation that enables building translation equivariant models, while at the same time encoding fine object details without an excessive memory footprint; (3) a reconstruction loss tailored to capture overall object geometry. Furthermore, we adapt our model to address the harder task of reconstructing multiple objects from a single image. We reconstruct all objects jointly in one pass, producing a coherent reconstruction, where all objects live in a single consistent 3D coordinate frame relative to the camera and they do not intersect in 3D space. We also handle occlusions and resolve them by hallucinating the missing object parts in the 3D volume. We validate the impact of our contributions experimentally both on synthetic data from ShapeNet as well as real images from Pix3D. Our method outperforms the state-of-the-art single-object methods on both datasets. Finally, we evaluate performance quantitatively on multiple object reconstruction with synthetic scenes assembled from ShapeNet objects.      
### 3.Audio-Visual Instance Discrimination with Cross-Modal Agreement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12943.pdf)
>  We present a self-supervised learning approach to learn audio-visual representations from video and audio. Our method uses contrastive learning for cross-modal discrimination of video from audio and vice versa. We show that optimizing for cross-modal discrimination, rather than within-modal discrimination, is important to learn good representations from video and audio. With this simple but powerful insight, our method achieves state-of-the-art results when finetuned on action recognition tasks. While recent work in contrastive learning defines positive and negative samples as individual instances, we generalize this definition by exploring cross-modal agreement. We group together multiple instances as positives by measuring their similarity in both the video and the audio feature spaces. Cross-modal agreement creates better positive and negative sets, and allows us to calibrate visual similarities by seeking within-modal discrimination of positive instances.      
### 4.Improvement in Land Cover and Crop Classification based on Temporal Features Learning from Sentinel-2 Data Using Recurrent-Convolutional Neural Network (R-CNN)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12880.pdf)
>  The increasing spatial and temporal resolution of globally available satellite images, such as provided by Sentinel-2, creates new possibilities for researchers to use freely available multi-spectral optical images, with decametric spatial resolution and more frequent revisits for remote sensing applications such as land cover and crop classification (LC&amp;CC), agricultural monitoring and management, environment monitoring. Existing solutions dedicated to cropland mapping can be categorized based on per-pixel based and object-based. However, it is still challenging when more classes of agricultural crops are considered at a massive scale. In this paper, a novel and optimal deep learning model for pixel-based LC&amp;CC is developed and implemented based on Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN) in combination with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) using multi-temporal sentinel-2 imagery of central north part of Italy, which has diverse agricultural system dominated by economic crop types. The proposed methodology is capable of automated feature extraction by learning time correlation of multiple images, which reduces manual feature engineering and modeling crop phenological stages. Fifteen classes, including major agricultural crops, were considered in this study. We also tested other widely used traditional machine learning algorithms for comparison such as support vector machine SVM, random forest (RF), Kernal SVM, and gradient boosting machine, also called XGBoost. The overall accuracy achieved by our proposed Pixel R-CNN was 96.5%, which showed considerable improvements in comparison with existing mainstream methods. This study showed that Pixel R-CNN based model offers a highly accurate way to assess and employ time-series data for multi-temporal classification tasks.      
### 5.AI-Driven CT-based quantification, staging and short-term outcome prediction of COVID-19 pneumonia  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12852.pdf)
>  Chest computed tomography (CT) is widely used for the management of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pneumonia because of its availability and rapidity. The standard of reference for confirming COVID-19 relies on microbiological tests but these tests might not be available in an emergency setting and their results are not immediately available, contrary to CT. In addition to its role for early diagnosis, CT has a prognostic role by allowing visually evaluating the extent of COVID-19 lung abnormalities. The objective of this study is to address prediction of short-term outcomes, especially need for mechanical ventilation. In this multi-centric study, we propose an end-to-end artificial intelligence solution for automatic quantification and prognosis assessment by combining automatic CT delineation of lung disease meeting performance of experts and data-driven identification of biomarkers for its prognosis. AI-driven combination of variables with CT-based biomarkers offers perspectives for optimal patient management given the shortage of intensive care beds and ventilators.      
### 6.A Deep Attentive Convolutional Neural Network for Automatic Cortical Plate Segmentation in Fetal MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12847.pdf)
>  Fetal cortical plate segmentation is essential in quantitative analysis of fetal brain maturation and cortical folding. Manual segmentation of the cortical plate, or manual refinement of automatic segmentations is tedious and time consuming, and automatic segmentation of the cortical plate is challenged by the relatively low resolution of the reconstructed fetal brain MRI scans compared to the thin structure of the cortical plate, partial voluming, and the wide range of variations in the morphology of the cortical plate as the brain matures during gestation. To reduce the burden of manual refinement of segmentations, we have developed a new and powerful deep learning segmentation method that exploits new deep attentive modules with mixed kernel convolutions within a fully convolutional neural network architecture that utilizes deep supervision and residual connections. Quantitative evaluation based on several performance measures and expert evaluations show that our method outperformed several state-of-the-art deep models for segmentation, as well as a state-of-the-art multi-atlas segmentation technique. In particular, we achieved average Dice similarity coefficient of 0.87, average Hausdroff distance of 0.96mm, and average symmetric surface difference of 0.28mm in cortical plate segmentation on reconstructed fetal brain MRI scans of fetuses scanned in the gestational age range of 16 to 39 weeks. By generating accurate cortical plate segmentations in less than 2 minutes, our method can facilitate and accelerate large-scale studies on normal and altered fetal brain cortical maturation and folding.      
### 7.Detecting and Tracking Communal Bird Roosts in Weather Radar Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12819.pdf)
>  The US weather radar archive holds detailed information about biological phenomena in the atmosphere over the last 20 years. Communally roosting birds congregate in large numbers at nighttime roosting locations, and their morning exodus from the roost is often visible as a distinctive pattern in radar images. This paper describes a machine learning system to detect and track roost signatures in weather radar data. A significant challenge is that labels were collected opportunistically from previous research studies and there are systematic differences in labeling style. We contribute a latent variable model and EM algorithm to learn a detection model together with models of labeling styles for individual annotators. By properly accounting for these variations we learn a significantly more accurate detector. The resulting system detects previously unknown roosting locations and provides comprehensive spatio-temporal data about roosts across the US. This data will provide biologists important information about the poorly understood phenomena of broad-scale habitat use and movements of communally roosting birds during the non-breeding season.      
### 8.Unsupervised Real Image Super-Resolution via Generative Variational AutoEncoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12811.pdf)
>  Benefited from the deep learning, image Super-Resolution has been one of the most developing research fields in computer vision. Depending upon whether using a discriminator or not, a deep convolutional neural network can provide an image with high fidelity or better perceptual quality. Due to the lack of ground truth images in real life, people prefer a photo-realistic image with low fidelity to a blurry image with high fidelity. In this paper, we revisit the classic example based image super-resolution approaches and come up with a novel generative model for perceptual image super-resolution. Given that real images contain various noise and artifacts, we propose a joint image denoising and super-resolution model via Variational AutoEncoder. We come up with a conditional variational autoencoder to encode the reference for dense feature vector which can then be transferred to the decoder for target image denoising. With the aid of the discriminator, an additional overhead of super-resolution subnetwork is attached to super-resolve the denoised image with photo-realistic visual quality. We participated the NTIRE2020 Real Image Super-Resolution Challenge. Experimental results show that by using the proposed approach, we can obtain enlarged images with clean and pleasant features compared to other supervised methods. We also compared our approach with state-of-the-art methods on various datasets to demonstrate the efficiency of our proposed unsupervised super-resolution model.      
### 9.Per-pixel Classification Rebar Exposures in Bridge Eye-inspection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12805.pdf)
>  Efficient inspection and accurate diagnosis are required for civil infrastructures with 50 years since completion. Especially in municipalities, the shortage of technical staff and budget constraints on repair expenses have become a critical problem. If we can detect damaged photos automatically per-pixels from the record of the inspection record in addition to the 5-step judgment and countermeasure classification of eye-inspection vision, then it is possible that countermeasure information can be provided more flexibly, whether we need to repair and how large the expose of damage interest. A piece of damage photo is often sparse as long as it is not zoomed around damage, exactly the range where the detection target is photographed, is at most only 1%. Generally speaking, rebar exposure is frequently occurred, and there are many opportunities to judge repair measure. In this paper, we propose three damage detection methods of transfer learning which enables semantic segmentation in an image with low pixels using damaged photos of human eye-inspection. Also, we tried to create a deep convolutional network from scratch with the preprocessing that random crops with rotations are generated. In fact, we show the results applied this method using the 208 rebar exposed images on the 106 real-world bridges. Finally, future tasks of damage detection modeling are mentioned.      
### 10.Adversarial Fooling Beyond "Flipping the Label"  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12771.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in CNNs have shown remarkable achievements in various CV/AI applications. Though CNNs show near human or better than human performance in many critical tasks, they are quite vulnerable to adversarial attacks. These attacks are potentially dangerous in real-life deployments. Though there have been many adversarial attacks proposed in recent years, there is no proper way of quantifying the effectiveness of these attacks. As of today, mere fooling rate is used for measuring the susceptibility of the models, or the effectiveness of adversarial attacks. Fooling rate just considers label flipping and does not consider the cost of such flipping, for instance, in some deployments, flipping between two species of dogs may not be as severe as confusing a dog category with that of a vehicle. Therefore, the metric to quantify the vulnerability of the models should capture the severity of the flipping as well. In this work we first bring out the drawbacks of the existing evaluation and propose novel metrics to capture various aspects of the fooling. Further, for the first time, we present a comprehensive analysis of several important adversarial attacks over a set of distinct CNN architectures. We believe that the presented analysis brings valuable insights about the current adversarial attacks and the CNN models.      
### 11.A Skip-connected Multi-column Network for Isolated Handwritten Bangla Character and Digit recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12769.pdf)
>  Finding local invariant patterns in handwrit-ten characters and/or digits for optical character recognition is a difficult task. Variations in writing styles from one person to another make this task challenging. We have proposed a non-explicit feature extraction method using a multi-scale multi-column skip convolutional neural network in this work. Local and global features extracted from different layers of the proposed architecture are combined to derive the final feature descriptor encoding a character or digit image. Our method is evaluated on four publicly available datasets of isolated handwritten Bangla characters and digits. Exhaustive comparative analysis against contemporary methods establishes the efficacy of our proposed approach.      
### 12.Semantic Neighborhood-Aware Deep Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12725.pdf)
>  Different from many other attributes, facial expression can change in a continuous way, and therefore, a slight semantic change of input should also lead to the output fluctuation limited in a small scale. This consistency is important. However, current Facial Expression Recognition (FER) datasets may have the extreme imbalance problem, as well as the lack of data and the excessive amounts of noise, hindering this consistency and leading to a performance decreasing when testing. In this paper, we not only consider the prediction accuracy on sample points, but also take the neighborhood smoothness of them into consideration, focusing on the stability of the output with respect to slight semantic perturbations of the input. A novel method is proposed to formulate semantic perturbation and select unreliable samples during training, reducing the bad effect of them. Experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed method and state-of-the-art results are reported, getting closer to an upper limit than the state-of-the-art methods by a factor of 30\% in AffectNet, the largest in-the-wild FER database by now.      
### 13.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Multiple Domain Discriminators and Adaptive Self-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12724.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) aims at improving the generalization capability of a model trained on a source domain to perform well on a target domain for which no labeled data is available. In this paper, we consider the semantic segmentation of urban scenes and we propose an approach to adapt a deep neural network trained on synthetic data to real scenes addressing the domain shift between the two different data distributions. We introduce a novel UDA framework where a standard supervised loss on labeled synthetic data is supported by an adversarial module and a self-training strategy aiming at aligning the two domain distributions. The adversarial module is driven by a couple of fully convolutional discriminators dealing with different domains: the first discriminates between ground truth and generated maps, while the second between segmentation maps coming from synthetic or real world data. The self-training module exploits the confidence estimated by the discriminators on unlabeled data to select the regions used to reinforce the learning process. Furthermore, the confidence is thresholded with an adaptive mechanism based on the per-class overall confidence. Experimental results prove the effectiveness of the proposed strategy in adapting a segmentation network trained on synthetic datasets like GTA5 and SYNTHIA, to real world datasets like Cityscapes and Mapillary.      
### 14.GraftNet: An Engineering Implementation of CNN for Fine-grained Multi-label Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12709.pdf)
>  Multi-label networks with branches are proved to perform well in both accuracy and speed, but lacks flexibility in providing dynamic extension onto new labels due to the low efficiency of re-work on annotating and training. For multi-label classification task, to cover new labels we need to annotate not only newly collected images, but also the previous whole dataset to check presence of these new labels. Also training on whole re-annotated dataset costs much time. In order to recognize new labels more effectively and accurately, we propose GraftNet, which is a customizable tree-like network with its trunk pretrained with a dynamic graph for generic feature extraction, and branches separately trained on sub-datasets with single label to improve accuracy. GraftNet could reduce cost, increase flexibility, and incrementally handle new labels. Experimental results show that it has good performance on our human attributes recognition task, which is fine-grained multi-label classification.      
### 15.On indirect assessment of heart rate in video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12703.pdf)
>  Problem of indirect assessment of heart rate in video is addressed. Several methods of indirect evaluations (adaptive baselines) were examined on Remote Physiological Signal Sensing challenge. Particularly, regression models of dependency of heart rate on estimated age and motion intensity were obtained on challenge's train set. Accounting both motion and age in regression model led to top-quarter position in the leaderboard. Practical value of such adaptive baseline approaches is discussed. Although such approaches are considered as non-applicable in medicine, they are valuable as baseline for the photoplethysmography problem.      
### 16.In-Vehicle Object Detection in the Wild for Driverless Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12700.pdf)
>  In-vehicle human object identification plays an important role in vision-based automated vehicle driving systems while objects such as pedestrians and vehicles on roads or streets are the primary targets to protect from driverless vehicles. A challenge is the difficulty to detect objects in moving under the wild conditions, while illumination and image quality could drastically vary. In this work, to address this challenge, we exploit Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks (DCGANs) with Single Shot Detector (SSD) to handle with the wild conditions. In our work, a GAN was trained with low-quality images to handle with the challenges arising from the wild conditions in smart cities, while a cascaded SSD is employed as the object detector to perform with the GAN. We used tested our approach under wild conditions using taxi driver videos on London street in both daylight and night times, and the tests from in-vehicle videos demonstrate that this strategy can drastically achieve a better detection rate under the wild conditions.      
### 17.Remote Photoplethysmography: Rarely Considered Factors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12695.pdf)
>  Remote Photoplethysmography (rPPG) is a fast-growing technique of vital sign estimation by analyzing video of a person. Several major phenomena affecting rPPG signals have been studied (e.g. video compression, distance from person to camera, skin tone, head motions). However, to develop a highly accurate rPPG method, new, minor, factors should be investigated. First considered factor is irregular frame rate of video recordings. Despite of PPG signal transformation by frame rate irregularity, no significant distortion of PPG signal spectra was found in the experiments. Second factor is rolling shutter effect which generates tiny phase shift of the same PPG signal in different parts of the frame caused by progressive scanning. In particular conditions effect of this artifact could be of the same order of magnitude as physiologically caused phase shifts. Third factor is a size of temporal windows, which could significantly influence the estimated error of vital sign evaluation. It follows that one should account difference in size of processing windows when comparing rPPG methods. Short series of experiments were conducted to estimate importance of these phenomena and to determine necessity of their further comprehensive study.      
### 18.Distance Guided Channel Weighting for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12679.pdf)
>  Recent works have achieved great success in improving the performance of multiple computer vision tasks by capturing features with a high channel number utilizing deep neural networks. However, many channels of extracted features are not discriminative and contain a lot of redundant information. In this paper, we address above issue by introducing the Distance Guided Channel Weighting (DGCW) Module. The DGCW module is constructed in a pixel-wise context extraction manner, which enhances the discriminativeness of features by weighting different channels of each pixel's feature vector when modeling its relationship with other pixels. It can make full use of the high-discriminative information while ignore the low-discriminative information containing in feature maps, as well as capture the long-range dependencies. Furthermore, by incorporating the DGCW module with a baseline segmentation network, we propose the Distance Guided Channel Weighting Network (DGCWNet). We conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of DGCWNet. In particular, it achieves 81.6% mIoU on Cityscapes with only fine annotated data for training, and also gains satisfactory performance on another two semantic segmentation datasets, i.e. Pascal Context and ADE20K. Code will be available soon at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LanyunZhu/DGCWNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Self-supervised Keypoint Correspondences for Multi-Person Pose Estimation and Tracking in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12652.pdf)
>  Video annotation is expensive and time consuming. Consequently, datasets for multi-person pose estimation and tracking are less diverse and have more sparse annotations compared to large scale image datasets for human pose estimation. This makes it challenging to learn deep learning based models for associating keypoints across frames that are robust to nuisance factors such as motion blur and occlusions for the task of multi-person pose tracking. To address this issue, we propose an approach that relies on keypoint correspondences for associating persons in videos. Instead of training the network for estimating keypoint correspondences on video data, it is trained on a large scale image datasets for human pose estimation using self-supervision. Combined with a top-down framework for human pose estimation, we use keypoints correspondences to (i) recover missed pose detections (ii) associate pose detections across video frames. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art results for multi-frame pose estimation and multi-person pose tracking on the PosTrack $2017$ and PoseTrack $2018$ data sets.      
### 20.3D-CVF: Generating Joint Camera and LiDAR Features Using Cross-View Spatial Feature Fusion for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12636.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new deep architecture for fusing camera and LiDAR sensors for 3D object detection. Because the camera and LiDAR sensor signals have different characteristics and distributions, fusing these two modalities is expected to improve both the accuracy and robustness of 3D object detection. One of the challenges presented by the fusion of cameras and LiDAR is that the spatial feature maps obtained from each modality are represented by significantly different views in the camera and world coordinates; hence, it is not an easy task to combine two heterogeneous feature maps without loss of information. To address this problem, we propose a method called 3D-CVF that combines the camera and LiDAR features using the cross-view spatial feature fusion strategy. First, the method employs {\it auto-calibrated projection}, to transform the 2D camera features to a smooth spatial feature map with the highest correspondence to the LiDAR features in the bird's eye view (BEV) domain. Then, a {\it gated feature fusion network} is applied to use the spatial attention maps to mix the camera and LiDAR features appropriately according to the region. Next, camera-LiDAR feature fusion is also achieved in the subsequent proposal refinement stage. The camera feature is used from the 2D camera-view domain via {\it 3D RoI grid pooling} and fused with the BEV feature for proposal refinement. Our evaluations, conducted on the KITTI and nuScenes 3D object detection datasets demonstrate that the camera-LiDAR fusion offers significant performance gain over single modality and that the proposed 3D-CVF achieves state-of-the-art performance in the KITTI benchmark.      
### 21.CascadeTabNet: An approach for end to end table detection and structure recognition from image-based documents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12629.pdf)
>  An automatic table recognition method for interpretation of tabular data in document images majorly involves solving two problems of table detection and table structure recognition. The prior work involved solving both problems independently using two separate approaches. More recent works signify the use of deep learning-based solutions while also attempting to design an end to end solution. In this paper, we present an improved deep learning-based end to end approach for solving both problems of table detection and structure recognition using a single Convolution Neural Network (CNN) model. We propose CascadeTabNet: a Cascade mask Region-based CNN High-Resolution Network (Cascade mask R-CNN HRNet) based model that detects the regions of tables and recognizes the structural body cells from the detected tables at the same time. We evaluate our results on ICDAR 2013, ICDAR 2019 and TableBank public datasets. We achieved 3rd rank in ICDAR 2019 post-competition results for table detection while attaining the best accuracy results for the ICDAR 2013 and TableBank dataset. We also attain the highest accuracy results on the ICDAR 2019 table structure recognition dataset. Additionally, we demonstrate effective transfer learning and image augmentation techniques that enable CNNs to achieve very accurate table detection results. Code and dataset has been made available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DevashishPrasad/CascadeTabNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 22.Preliminary Forensics Analysis of DeepFake Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12626.pdf)
>  One of the most terrifying phenomenon nowadays is the DeepFake: the possibility to automatically replace a person's face in images and videos by exploiting algorithms based on deep learning. This paper will present a brief overview of technologies able to produce DeepFake images of faces. A forensics analysis of those images with standard methods will be presented: not surprisingly state of the art techniques are not completely able to detect the fakeness. To solve this, a preliminary idea on how to fight DeepFake images of faces will be presented by analysing anomalies in the frequency domain.      
### 23.Localizing Grouped Instances for Efficient Detection in Low-Resource Scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12623.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art detection systems are generally evaluated on their ability to exhaustively retrieve objects densely distributed in the image, across a wide variety of appearances and semantic categories. Orthogonal to this, many real-life object detection applications, for example in remote sensing, instead require dealing with large images that contain only a few small objects of a single class, scattered heterogeneously across the space. In addition, they are often subject to strict computational constraints, such as limited battery capacity and computing power. To tackle these more practical scenarios, we propose a novel flexible detection scheme that efficiently adapts to variable object sizes and densities: We rely on a sequence of detection stages, each of which has the ability to predict groups of objects as well as individuals. Similar to a detection cascade, this multi-stage architecture spares computational effort by discarding large irrelevant regions of the image early during the detection process. The ability to group objects provides further computational and memory savings, as it allows working with lower image resolutions in early stages, where groups are more easily detected than individuals, as they are more salient. We report experimental results on two aerial image datasets, and show that the proposed method is as accurate yet computationally more efficient than standard single-shot detectors, consistently across three different backbone architectures.      
### 24.Maximum Density Divergence for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12615.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation addresses the problem of transferring knowledge from a well-labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain where the two domains have distinctive data distributions. Thus, the essence of domain adaptation is to mitigate the distribution divergence between the two domains. The state-of-the-art methods practice this very idea by either conducting adversarial training or minimizing a metric which defines the distribution gaps. In this paper, we propose a new domain adaptation method named Adversarial Tight Match (ATM) which enjoys the benefits of both adversarial training and metric learning. Specifically, at first, we propose a novel distance loss, named Maximum Density Divergence (MDD), to quantify the distribution divergence. MDD minimizes the inter-domain divergence ("match" in ATM) and maximizes the intra-class density ("tight" in ATM). Then, to address the equilibrium challenge issue in adversarial domain adaptation, we consider leveraging the proposed MDD into adversarial domain adaptation framework. At last, we tailor the proposed MDD as a practical learning loss and report our ATM. Both empirical evaluation and theoretical analysis are reported to verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. The experimental results on four benchmarks, both classical and large-scale, show that our method is able to achieve new state-of-the-art performance on most evaluations. Codes and datasets used in this paper are available at {\it <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/lijin118/ATM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}.      
### 25.Deploying Image Deblurring across Mobile Devices: A Perspective of Quality and Latency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12599.pdf)
>  Recently, image enhancement and restoration have become important applications on mobile devices, such as super-resolution and image deblurring. However, most state-of-the-art networks present extremely high computational complexity. This makes them difficult to be deployed on mobile devices with acceptable latency. Moreover, when deploying to different mobile devices, there is a large latency variation due to the difference and limitation of deep learning accelerators on mobile devices. In this paper, we conduct a search of portable network architectures for better quality-latency trade-off across mobile devices. We further present the effectiveness of widely used network optimizations for image deblurring task. This paper provides comprehensive experiments and comparisons to uncover the in-depth analysis for both latency and image quality. Through all the above works, we demonstrate the successful deployment of image deblurring application on mobile devices with the acceleration of deep learning accelerators. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first paper that addresses all the deployment issues of image deblurring task across mobile devices. This paper provides practical deployment-guidelines, and is adopted by the championship-winning team in NTIRE 2020 Image Deblurring Challenge on Smartphone Track.      
### 26.VTGNet: A Vision-based Trajectory Generation Network for Autonomous Vehicles in Urban Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12591.pdf)
>  Reliable navigation like expert human drivers in urban environments is a critical capability for autonomous vehicles. Traditional methods for autonomous driving are implemented with many building blocks from perception, planning and control, making them difficult to generalize to varied scenarios due to complex assumptions and interdependencies. In this paper, we develop an end-to-end trajectory generation method based on imitation learning. It can extract spatiotemporal features from the front-view camera images for scene understanding, then generate collision-free trajectories several seconds into the future. The proposed network consists of three sub-networks, which are selectively activated for three common driving tasks: keep straight, turn left and turn right. The experimental results suggest that under various weather and lighting conditions, our network can reliably generate trajectories in different urban environments, such as turning at intersections and slowing down for collision avoidance. Furthermore, by integrating the proposed network into a navigation system, good generalization performance is presented in an unseen simulated world for autonomous driving on different types of vehicles, such as cars and trucks.      
### 27.Difficulty Translation in Histopathology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12535.pdf)
>  The unique nature of histopathology images opens the door to domain-specific formulations of image translation models. We propose a difficulty translation model that modifies colorectal histopathology images to become more challenging to classify. Our model comprises a scorer, which provides an output confidence to measure the difficulty of images, and an image translator, which learns to translate images from easy-to-classify to hard-to-classify using a training set defined by the scorer. We present three findings. First, generated images were indeed harder to classify for both human pathologists and machine learning classifiers than their corresponding source images. Second, image classifiers trained with generated images as augmented data performed better on both easy and hard images from an independent test set. Finally, human annotator agreement and our model's measure of difficulty correlated strongly, implying that for future work requiring human annotator agreement, the confidence score of a machine learning classifier could be used instead as a proxy.      
### 28.Fully Embedding Fast Convolutional Networks on Pixel Processor Arrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12525.pdf)
>  We present a novel method of CNN inference for pixel processor array (PPA) vision sensors, designed to take advantage of their massive parallelism and analog compute capabilities. PPA sensors consist of an array of processing elements (PEs), with each PE capable of light capture, data storage and computation, allowing various computer vision processing to be executed directly upon the sensor device. The key idea behind our approach is storing network weights "in-pixel" within the PEs of the PPA sensor itself to allow various computations, such as multiple different image convolutions, to be carried out in parallel. Our approach can perform convolutional layers, max pooling, ReLu, and a final fully connected layer entirely upon the PPA sensor, while leaving no untapped computational resources. This is in contrast to previous works that only use a sensor-level processing to sequentially compute image convolutions, and must transfer data to an external digital processor to complete the computation. We demonstrate our approach on the SCAMP-5 vision system, performing inference of a MNIST digit classification network at over 3000 frames per second and over 93% classification accuracy. This is the first work demonstrating CNN inference conducted entirely upon the processor array of a PPA vision sensor device, requiring no external processing.      
### 29.Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation in 3D Graph-Structured Point Clouds of Wild Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12498.pdf)
>  The deficiency of 3D segmentation labels is one of the main obstacles to effective point cloud segmentation, especially for scenes in the wild with varieties of different objects. To alleviate this issue, we propose a novel deep graph convolutional network-based framework for large-scale semantic scene segmentation in point clouds with sole 2D supervision. Different with numerous preceding multi-view supervised approaches focusing on single object point clouds, we argue that 2D supervision is capable of providing sufficient guidance information for training 3D semantic segmentation models of natural scene point clouds while not explicitly capturing their inherent structures, even with only single view per training sample. Specifically, a Graph-based Pyramid Feature Network (GPFN) is designed to implicitly infer both global and local features of point sets and an Observability Network (OBSNet) is introduced to further solve object occlusion problem caused by complicated spatial relations of objects in 3D scenes. During the projection process, perspective rendering and semantic fusion modules are proposed to provide refined 2D supervision signals for training along with a 2D-3D joint optimization strategy. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our 2D supervised framework, which achieves comparable results with the state-of-the-art approaches trained with full 3D labels, for semantic point cloud segmentation on the popular SUNCG synthetic dataset and S3DIS real-world dataset.      
### 30.On the Limits to Multi-Modal Popularity Prediction on Instagram -- A New Robust, Efficient and Explainable Baseline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12482.pdf)
>  The predictability of social media popularity is a topic of much scientific interest and significant practical importance. We present a new strong baseline for popularity prediction on Instagram, which is both robust and efficient to compute. The approach expands previous work by a comprehensive ablation study of the predictive power of multiple representations of the visual modality and by detailed use of explainability tools. We use transfer learning to extract visual semantics as concepts, scenes, and objects, which allows us to interpret and explain the trained model and predictions. The study is based in one million posts extracted from Instagram. We approach the problem of popularity prediction as a ranking problem, where we predict the log-normalised number of likes. Through our ablation study design, we can suggest models that outperform a previous state-of-the-art black-box method for multi-modal popularity prediction on Instagram.      
### 31.Designing a physically-feasible colour filter to make a camera more colorimetric  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12464.pdf)
>  Previously, a method has been developed to find the best colour filter for a given camera which results in the new effective camera sensitivities that best meet the Luther condition. That is, the new sensitivities are approximately linearly related to the XYZ colour matching functions. However, with no constraint, the filter derived from this Luther-condition based optimisation can be rather non-smooth and transmit very little light which are impractical for fabrication. <br>In this paper, we extend the Luther-condition filter optimisation method to allow us to incorporate both the smoothness and transmittance bounds of the recovered filter which are key practical concerns. Experiments demonstrate that we can find physically realisable filters which are smooth and reasonably transmissive with which the effective "camera+filter" becomes significantly more colorimetric.      
### 32.One-Shot Identity-Preserving Portrait Reenactment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12452.pdf)
>  We present a deep learning-based framework for portrait reenactment from a single picture of a target (one-shot) and a video of a driving subject. Existing facial reenactment methods suffer from identity mismatch and produce inconsistent identities when a target and a driving subject are different (cross-subject), especially in one-shot settings. In this work, we aim to address identity preservation in cross-subject portrait reenactment from a single picture. We introduce a novel technique that can disentangle identity from expressions and poses, allowing identity preserving portrait reenactment even when the driver's identity is very different from that of the target. This is achieved by a novel landmark disentanglement network (LD-Net), which predicts personalized facial landmarks that combine the identity of the target with expressions and poses from a different subject. To handle portrait reenactment from unseen subjects, we also introduce a feature dictionary-based generative adversarial network (FD-GAN), which locally translates 2D landmarks into a personalized portrait, enabling one-shot portrait reenactment under large pose and expression variations. We validate the effectiveness of our identity disentangling capabilities via an extensive ablation study, and our method produces consistent identities for cross-subject portrait reenactment. Our comprehensive experiments show that our method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art single-image facial reenactment methods. We will release our code and models for academic use.      
### 33.All you need is a second look: Towards Tighter Arbitrary shape text detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12436.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based scene text detection methods have progressed substantially over the past years. However, there remain several problems to be solved. Generally, long curve text instances tend to be fragmented because of the limited receptive field size of CNN. Besides, simple representations using rectangle or quadrangle bounding boxes fall short when dealing with more challenging arbitrary-shaped texts. In addition, the scale of text instances varies greatly which leads to the difficulty of accurate prediction through a single segmentation network. To address these problems, we innovatively propose a two-stage segmentation based arbitrary text detector named \textit{NASK} (\textbf{N}eed \textbf{A} \textbf{S}econd loo\textbf{K}). Specifically, \textit{NASK} consists of a Text Instance Segmentation network namely \textit{TIS} (\(1^{st}\) stage), a Text RoI Pooling module and a Fiducial pOint eXpression module termed as \textit{FOX} (\(2^{nd}\) stage). Firstly, \textit{TIS} conducts instance segmentation to obtain rectangle text proposals with a proposed Group Spatial and Channel Attention module (\textit{GSCA}) to augment the feature expression. Then, Text RoI Pooling transforms these rectangles to the fixed size. Finally, \textit{FOX} is introduced to reconstruct text instances with a more tighter representation using the predicted geometrical attributes including text center line, text line orientation, character scale and character orientation. Experimental results on two public benchmarks including \textit{Total-Text} and \textit{SCUT-CTW1500} have demonstrated that the proposed \textit{NASK} achieves state-of-the-art results.      
### 34.Stitcher: Feedback-driven Data Provider for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12432.pdf)
>  Object detectors commonly vary quality according to scales, where the performance on small objects is the least satisfying. In this paper, we investigate this phenomenon and discover that: in the majority of training iterations, small objects contribute barely to the total loss, causing poor performance with imbalanced optimization. Inspired by this finding, we present Stitcher, a feedback-driven data provider, which aims to train object detectors in a balanced way. In Stitcher, images are resized into smaller components and then stitched into the same size to regular images. Stitched images contain inevitable smaller objects, which would be beneficial with our core idea, to exploit the loss statistics as feedback to guide next-iteration update. Experiments have been conducted on various detectors, backbones, training periods, datasets, and even on instance segmentation. Stitcher steadily improves performance by a large margin in all settings, especially for small objects, with nearly no additional computation in both training and testing stages.      
### 35.Disentangled Image Generation Through Structured Noise Injection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12411.pdf)
>  We explore different design choices for injecting noise into generative adversarial networks (GANs) with the goal of disentangling the latent space. Instead of traditional approaches, we propose feeding multiple noise codes through separate fully-connected layers respectively. The aim is restricting the influence of each noise code to specific parts of the generated image. We show that disentanglement in the first layer of the generator network leads to disentanglement in the generated image. Through a grid-based structure, we achieve several aspects of disentanglement without complicating the network architecture and without requiring labels. We achieve spatial disentanglement, scale-space disentanglement, and disentanglement of the foreground object from the background style allowing fine-grained control over the generated images. Examples include changing facial expressions in face images, changing beak length in bird images, and changing car dimensions in car images. This empirically leads to better disentanglement scores than state-of-the-art methods on the FFHQ dataset.      
### 36.Hyperspectral image classification based on multi-scale residual network with attention mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12381.pdf)
>  Compared with traditional machine learning methods, deep learning methods such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved great success in the hyperspectral image (HSI) classification task. HSI contains abundant spatial and spectral information, but they also contain a lot of invalid information, which may introduce noises and weaken the performance of CNNs. In order to make full use of the useful information in HSI, we propose a multi-scale residual network integrated with the attention mechanism (MSRN-A) for HSI classification in this letter. In our method, we built two different multi-scale feature extraction blocks to extract the joint spatial-spectral features and the advanced spatial features, respectively. Moreover, a spatial-spectral attention module and a spatial attention module were set up to focus on the salient spatial parts and valid spectral information. Experimental results demonstrate that our method achieves high accuracy on the Indian Pines, Pavia University, and Salinas datasets. The source code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XiangdongZ/MSRN-A" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Evaluation Metrics for Conditional Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12361.pdf)
>  We present two new metrics for evaluating generative models in the class-conditional image generation setting. These metrics are obtained by generalizing the two most popular unconditional metrics: the Inception Score (IS) and the Frchet Inception Distance (FID). A theoretical analysis shows the motivation behind each proposed metric and links the novel metrics to their unconditional counterparts. The link takes the form of a product in the case of IS or an upper bound in the FID case. We provide an extensive empirical evaluation, comparing the metrics to their unconditional variants and to other metrics, and utilize them to analyze existing generative models, thus providing additional insights about their performance, from unlearned classes to mode collapse.      
### 38.When CNNs Meet Random RNNs: Towards Multi-Level Analysis for RGB-D Object and Scene Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12349.pdf)
>  Recognizing objects and scenes are two challenging but essential tasks in image understanding. In particular, the use of RGB-D sensors in handling these tasks has emerged as an important area of focus for better visual understanding. Meanwhile, deep neural networks, specifically convolutional neural networks (CNNs), have become widespread and have been applied to many visual tasks by replacing hand-crafted features with effective deep features. However, it is an open problem how to exploit deep features from a multi-layer CNN model effectively. In this paper, we propose a novel two-stage framework that extracts discriminative feature representations from multi-modal RGB-D images for object and scene recognition tasks. In the first stage, a pretrained CNN model has been employed as a backbone to extract visual features at multiple levels. The second stage maps these features into high level representations with a fully randomized structure of recursive neural networks (RNNs) efficiently. In order to cope with the high dimensionality of CNN activations, a random weighted pooling scheme has been proposed by extending the idea of randomness in RNNs. Multi-modal fusion has been performed through a soft voting approach by computing weights based on individual recognition confidences (i.e. SVM scores) of RGB and depth streams separately. This produces consistent class label estimation in final RGB-D classification performance. Extensive experiments verify that fully randomized structure in RNN stage encodes CNN activations to discriminative solid features successfully. Comparative experimental results on the popular Washington RGB-D Object and SUN RGB-D Scene datasets show that the proposed approach significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods both in object and scene recognition tasks.      
### 39.Climate Adaptation: Reliably Predicting from Imbalanced Satellite Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12344.pdf)
>  The utility of aerial imagery (Satellite, Drones) has become an invaluable information source for cross-disciplinary applications, especially for crisis management. Most of the mapping and tracking efforts are manual which is resource-intensive and often lead to delivery delays. Deep Learning methods have boosted the capacity of relief efforts via recognition, detection, and are now being used for non-trivial applications. However the data commonly available is highly imbalanced (similar to other real-life applications) which severely hampers the neural network's capabilities, this reduces robustness and trust. We give an overview on different kinds of techniques being used for handling such extreme settings and present solutions aimed at maximizing performance on minority classes using a diverse set of methods (ranging from architectural tuning to augmentation) which as a combination generalizes for all minority classes. We hope to amplify cross-disciplinary efforts by enhancing model reliability.      
### 40.Transfer learning for leveraging computer vision in infrastructure maintenance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12337.pdf)
>  Monitoring the technical condition of infrastructure is a crucial element to its maintenance. Currently, the applied methods are outdated, labour intensive and highly inaccurate. At the same time, the latest methods using Artificial Intelligence techniques, despite achieving satisfactory results in the detection of infrastructure damage, are severely limited in their application due to two main factors - labour-intensive gathering of new datasets and high demand for computing power. In the presented work, we propose to utilize Transfer Learning techniques and computer vision to overcome these limiting factor and fully harness the advantages of Artificial Intelligence methods. We describe a framework which enables hassle-free development of unique infrastructure defects detectors on digital images, achieving the accuracy of above 90%. The framework supports semi-automatic creation of new datasets and has modest computing power requirements. It is implemented in the form of a ready-to-use software package distributed under an open software licence and available for the public. Thus, it can be used to immediately implement the methods proposed in this paper in the process of infrastructure management by government units, regardless of their financial capabilities. With the help of introduced framework it is possible to improve the efficiency of infrastructure management and the quality of its life cycle documentation globally, leading to a more accurate mapping of the processes taking place in the infrastructure's life cycle for better infrastructure planning in the future.      
### 41.A Global Benchmark of Algorithms for Segmenting Late Gadolinium-Enhanced Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12314.pdf)
>  Segmentation of cardiac images, particularly late gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (LGE-MRI) widely used for visualizing diseased cardiac structures, is a crucial first step for clinical diagnosis and treatment. However, direct segmentation of LGE-MRIs is challenging due to its attenuated contrast. Since most clinical studies have relied on manual and labor-intensive approaches, automatic methods are of high interest, particularly optimized machine learning approaches. To address this, we organized the "2018 Left Atrium Segmentation Challenge" using 154 3D LGE-MRIs, currently the world's largest cardiac LGE-MRI dataset, and associated labels of the left atrium segmented by three medical experts, ultimately attracting the participation of 27 international teams. In this paper, extensive analysis of the submitted algorithms using technical and biological metrics was performed by undergoing subgroup analysis and conducting hyper-parameter analysis, offering an overall picture of the major design choices of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and practical considerations for achieving state-of-the-art left atrium segmentation. Results show the top method achieved a dice score of 93.2% and a mean surface to a surface distance of 0.7 mm, significantly outperforming prior state-of-the-art. Particularly, our analysis demonstrated that double, sequentially used CNNs, in which a first CNN is used for automatic region-of-interest localization and a subsequent CNN is used for refined regional segmentation, achieved far superior results than traditional methods and pipelines containing single CNNs. This large-scale benchmarking study makes a significant step towards much-improved segmentation methods for cardiac LGE-MRIs, and will serve as an important benchmark for evaluating and comparing the future works in the field.      
### 42.AutoHR: A Strong End-to-end Baseline for Remote Heart Rate Measurement with Neural Searching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12292.pdf)
>  Remote photoplethysmography (rPPG), which aims at measuring heart activities without any contact, has great potential in many applications (e.g., remote healthcare). Existing end-to-end rPPG and heart rate (HR) measurement methods from facial videos are vulnerable to the less-constrained scenarios (e.g., with head movement and bad illumination). In this letter, we explore the reason why existing end-to-end networks perform poorly in challenging conditions and establish a strong end-to-end baseline (AutoHR) for remote HR measurement with neural architecture search (NAS). The proposed method includes three parts: 1) a powerful searched backbone with novel Temporal Difference Convolution (TDC), intending to capture intrinsic rPPG-aware clues between frames; 2) a hybrid loss function considering constraints from both time and frequency domains; and 3) spatio-temporal data augmentation strategies for better representation learning. Comprehensive experiments are performed on three benchmark datasets to show our superior performance on both intra- and cross-dataset testing.      
### 43.Stomach 3D Reconstruction Based on Virtual Chromoendoscopic Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12288.pdf)
>  Gastric endoscopy is a standard clinical process that enables medical practitioners to diagnose various lesions inside a patient's stomach. If any lesion is found, it is very important to perceive the location of the lesion relative to the global view of the stomach. Our previous research showed that this could be addressed by reconstructing the whole stomach shape from chromoendoscopic images using a structure-from-motion (SfM) pipeline, in which indigo carmine (IC) blue dye sprayed images were used to increase feature matches for SfM by enhancing stomach surface's textures. However, spraying the IC dye to the whole stomach requires additional time, labor, and cost, which is not desirable for patients and practitioners. In this paper, we propose an alternative way to achieve whole stomach 3D reconstruction without the need of the IC dye by generating virtual IC-sprayed (VIC) images based on image-to-image style translation trained on unpaired real no-IC and IC-sprayed images. We have specifically investigated the effect of input and output color channel selection for generating the VIC images and found that translating no-IC green-channel images to IC-sprayed red-channel images gives the best SfM reconstruction result.      
### 44.Fashionpedia: Ontology, Segmentation, and an Attribute Localization Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12276.pdf)
>  In this work we explore the task of instance segmentation with attribute localization, which unifies instance segmentation (detect and segment each object instance) and fine-grained visual attribute categorization (recognize one or multiple attributes). The proposed task requires both localizing an object and describing its properties. To illustrate the various aspects of this task, we focus on the domain of fashion and introduce Fashionpedia as a step toward mapping out the visual aspects of the fashion world. Fashionpedia consists of two parts: (1) an ontology built by fashion experts containing 27 main apparel categories, 19 apparel parts, 294 fine-grained attributes and their relationships; (2) a dataset with everyday and celebrity event fashion images annotated with segmentation masks and their associated per-mask fine-grained attributes, built upon the Fashionpedia ontology. In order to solve this challenging task, we propose a novel Attribute-Mask RCNN model to jointly perform instance segmentation and localized attribute recognition, and provide a novel evaluation metric for the task. We also demonstrate instance segmentation models pre-trained on Fashionpedia achieve better transfer learning performance on other fashion datasets than ImageNet pre-training. Fashionpedia is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://fashionpedia.github.io/home/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.Learning to Autofocus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12260.pdf)
>  Autofocus is an important task for digital cameras, yet current approaches often exhibit poor performance. We propose a learning-based approach to this problem, and provide a realistic dataset of sufficient size for effective learning. Our dataset is labeled with per-pixel depths obtained from multi-view stereo, following "Learning single camera depth estimation using dual-pixels". Using this dataset, we apply modern deep classification models and an ordinal regression loss to obtain an efficient learning-based autofocus technique. We demonstrate that our approach provides a significant improvement compared with previous learned and non-learned methods: our model reduces the mean absolute error by a factor of 3.6 over the best comparable baseline algorithm. Our dataset and code are publicly available.      
### 46.TPNet: Trajectory Proposal Network for Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12255.pdf)
>  Making accurate motion prediction of the surrounding traffic agents such as pedestrians, vehicles, and cyclists is crucial for autonomous driving. Recent data-driven motion prediction methods have attempted to learn to directly regress the exact future position or its distribution from massive amount of trajectory data. However, it remains difficult for these methods to provide multimodal predictions as well as integrate physical constraints such as traffic rules and movable areas. In this work we propose a novel two-stage motion prediction framework, Trajectory Proposal Network (TPNet). TPNet first generates a candidate set of future trajectories as hypothesis proposals, then makes the final predictions by classifying and refining the proposals which meets the physical constraints. By steering the proposal generation process, safe and multimodal predictions are realized. Thus this framework effectively mitigates the complexity of motion prediction problem while ensuring the multimodal output. Experiments on four large-scale trajectory prediction datasets, i.e. the ETH, UCY, Apollo and Argoverse datasets, show that TPNet achieves the state-of-the-art results both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 47.Joint Inference of States, Robot Knowledge, and Human (False-)Beliefs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12248.pdf)
>  Aiming to understand how human (false-)belief--a core socio-cognitive ability--would affect human interactions with robots, this paper proposes to adopt a graphical model to unify the representation of object states, robot knowledge, and human (false-)beliefs. Specifically, a parse graph (pg) is learned from a single-view spatiotemporal parsing by aggregating various object states along the time; such a learned representation is accumulated as the robot's knowledge. An inference algorithm is derived to fuse individual pg from all robots across multi-views into a joint pg, which affords more effective reasoning and inference capability to overcome the errors originated from a single view. In the experiments, through the joint inference over pg-s, the system correctly recognizes human (false-)belief in various settings and achieves better cross-view accuracy on a challenging small object tracking dataset.      
### 48.Congestion-aware Evacuation Routing using Augmented Reality Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12246.pdf)
>  We present a congestion-aware routing solution for indoor evacuation, which produces real-time individual-customized evacuation routes among multiple destinations while keeping tracks of all evacuees' locations. A population density map, obtained on-the-fly by aggregating locations of evacuees from user-end Augmented Reality (AR) devices, is used to model the congestion distribution inside a building. To efficiently search the evacuation route among all destinations, a variant of A* algorithm is devised to obtain the optimal solution in a single pass. In a series of simulated studies, we show that the proposed algorithm is more computationally optimized compared to classic path planning algorithms; it generates a more time-efficient evacuation route for each individual that minimizes the overall congestion. A complete system using AR devices is implemented for a pilot study in real-world environments, demonstrating the efficacy of the proposed approach.      
### 49.Detective: An Attentive Recurrent Model for Sparse Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12197.pdf)
>  In this work, we present Detective - an attentive object detector that identifies objects in images in a sequential manner. Our network is based on an encoder-decoder architecture, where the encoder is a convolutional neural network, and the decoder is a convolutional recurrent neural network coupled with an attention mechanism. At each iteration, our decoder focuses on the relevant parts of the image using an attention mechanism, and then estimates the object's class and the bounding box coordinates. Current object detection models generate dense predictions and rely on post-processing to remove duplicate predictions. Detective is a sparse object detector that generates a single bounding box per object instance. However, training a sparse object detector is challenging, as it requires the model to reason at the instance level and not just at the class and spatial levels. We propose a training mechanism based on the Hungarian algorithm and a loss that balances the localization and classification tasks. This allows Detective to achieve promising results on the PASCAL VOC object detection dataset. Our experiments demonstrate that sparse object detection is possible and has a great potential for future developments in applications where the order of the objects to be predicted is of interest.      
### 50.EfficientPose: Scalable single-person pose estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12186.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation facilitates markerless movement analysis in sports, as well as in clinical applications. Still, state-of-the-art models for human pose estimation generally do not meet the requirements for real-life deployment. The main reason for this is that the more the field progresses, the more expensive the approaches become, with high computational demands. To cope with the challenges caused by this trend, we propose a convolutional neural network architecture that benefits from the recently proposed EfficientNets to deliver scalable single-person pose estimation. To this end, we introduce EfficientPose, which is a family of models harnessing an effective multi-scale feature extractor, computation efficient detection blocks utilizing mobile inverted bottleneck convolutions, and upscaling improving precision of pose configurations. EfficientPose enables real-world deployment on edge devices through 500K parameter model consuming less than one GFLOP. The results from our experiments, using the challenging MPII single-person benchmark, show that the proposed EfficientPose models substantially outperform the widely-used OpenPose model in terms of accuracy, while being at the same time up to 15 times smaller and 20 times more computationally efficient than its counterpart.      
### 51.Cheaper Pre-training Lunch: An Efficient Paradigm for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12178.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a general and efficient pre-training paradigm, Jigsaw pre-training, for object detection. Jigsaw pre-training needs only the target detection dataset while taking only 1/4 computational resources compared to the widely adopted ImageNet pre-training. To build such an efficient paradigm, we reduce the potential redundancy by carefully extracting useful samples from the original images, assembling samples in a Jigsaw manner as input, and using an ERF-adaptive dense classification strategy for model pre-training. These designs include not only a new input pattern to improve the spatial utilization but also a novel learning objective to expand the effective receptive field of the pre-trained model. The efficiency and superiority of Jigsaw pre-training are validated by extensive experiments on the MS-COCO dataset, where the results indicate that the models using Jigsaw pre-training are able to achieve on-par or even better detection performances compared with the ImageNet pre-trained counterparts.      
### 52.Revisiting Sequence-to-Sequence Video Object Segmentation with Multi-Task Loss and Skip-Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12170.pdf)
>  Video Object Segmentation (VOS) is an active research area of the visual domain. One of its fundamental sub-tasks is semi-supervised / one-shot learning: given only the segmentation mask for the first frame, the task is to provide pixel-accurate masks for the object over the rest of the sequence. Despite much progress in the last years, we noticed that many of the existing approaches lose objects in longer sequences, especially when the object is small or briefly occluded. In this work, we build upon a sequence-to-sequence approach that employs an encoder-decoder architecture together with a memory module for exploiting the sequential data. We further improve this approach by proposing a model that manipulates multi-scale spatio-temporal information using memory-equipped skip connections. Furthermore, we incorporate an auxiliary task based on distance classification which greatly enhances the quality of edges in segmentation masks. We compare our approach to the state of the art and show considerable improvement in the contour accuracy metric and the overall segmentation accuracy.      
### 53.CNN based Road User Detection using the 3D Radar Cube  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12165.pdf)
>  This letter presents a novel radar based, single-frame, multi-class detection method for moving road users (pedestrian, cyclist, car), which utilizes low-level radar cube data. The method provides class information both on the radar target- and object-level. Radar targets are classified individually after extending the target features with a cropped block of the 3D radar cube around their positions, thereby capturing the motion of moving parts in the local velocity distribution. A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is proposed for this classification step. Afterwards, object proposals are generated with a clustering step, which not only considers the radar targets' positions and velocities, but their calculated class scores as well. In experiments on a real-life dataset we demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods both target- and object-wise by reaching an average of 0.70 (baseline: 0.68) target-wise and 0.56 (baseline: 0.48) object-wise F1 score. Furthermore, we examine the importance of the used features in an ablation study.      
### 54.Offline Signature Verification on Real-World Documents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12104.pdf)
>  Research on offline signature verification has explored a large variety of methods on multiple signature datasets, which are collected under controlled conditions. However, these datasets may not fully reflect the characteristics of the signatures in some practical use cases. Real-world signatures extracted from the formal documents may contain different types of occlusions, for example, stamps, company seals, ruling lines, and signature boxes. Moreover, they may have very high intra-class variations, where even genuine signatures resemble forgeries. In this paper, we address a real-world writer independent offline signature verification problem, in which, a bank's customers' transaction request documents that contain their occluded signatures are compared with their clean reference signatures. Our proposed method consists of two main components, a stamp cleaning method based on CycleGAN and signature representation based on CNNs. We extensively evaluate different verification setups, fine-tuning strategies, and signature representation approaches to have a thorough analysis of the problem. Moreover, we conduct a human evaluation to show the challenging nature of the problem. We run experiments both on our custom dataset, as well as on the publicly available Tobacco-800 dataset. The experimental results validate the difficulty of offline signature verification on real-world documents. However, by employing the stamp cleaning process, we improve the signature verification performance significantly.      
### 55.How to read faces without looking at them  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12103.pdf)
>  Face reading is the most intuitive aspect of emotion recognition. Unfortunately, digital analysis of facial expression requires digitally recording personal faces. As emotional analysis is particularly required in a more poised scenario, capturing faces becomes a gross violation of privacy. In this paper, we use the concept of compressive analysis to conceptualise a system which compressively acquires faces in order to ascertain unusable reconstruction, while allowing for acceptable (and adjustable) accuracy in inference.      
### 56.Clustering by Constructing Hyper-Planes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12087.pdf)
>  As a kind of basic machine learning method, clustering algorithms group data points into different categories based on their similarity or distribution. We present a clustering algorithm by finding hyper-planes to distinguish the data points. It relies on the marginal space between the points. Then we combine these hyper-planes to determine centers and numbers of clusters. Because the algorithm is based on linear structures, it can approximate the distribution of datasets accurately and flexibly. To evaluate its performance, we compared it with some famous clustering algorithms by carrying experiments on different kinds of benchmark datasets. It outperforms other methods clearly.      
### 57.Deep Multimodal Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12070.pdf)
>  Designing effective neural networks is fundamentally important in deep multimodal learning. Most existing works focus on a single task and design neural architectures manually, which are highly task-specific and hard to generalize to different tasks. In this paper, we devise a generalized deep multimodal neural architecture search (MMnas) framework for various multimodal learning tasks. Given multimodal input, we first define a set of primitive operations, and then construct a deep encoder-decoder based unified backbone, where each encoder or decoder block corresponds to an operation searched from a predefined operation pool. On top of the unified backbone, we attach task-specific heads to tackle different multimodal learning tasks. By using a gradient-based NAS algorithm, the optimal architectures for different tasks are learned efficiently. Extensive ablation studies, comprehensive analysis, and superior experimental results show that MMnasNet significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art approaches across three multimodal learning tasks (over five datasets), including visual question answering, image-text matching, and visual grounding. Code will be made available.      
### 58.CS-AF: A Cost-sensitive Multi-classifier Active Fusion Framework for Skin Lesion Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12064.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved the state-of-the-art performance in skin lesion analysis. Compared with single CNN classifier, combining the results of multiple classifiers via fusion approaches shows to be more effective and robust. Since the skin lesion datasets are usually limited and statistically biased, while designing an effective fusion approach, it is important to consider not only the performance of each classifier on the training/validation dataset, but also the relative discriminative power (e.g., confidence) of each classifier regarding an individual sample in the testing phase, which calls for an active fusion approach. Furthermore, in skin lesion analysis, the data of certain classes is usually abundant making them an over-represented majority (e.g., benign lesions), while the data of some other classes is deficient, making them an underrepresented minority (e.g., cancerous lesions). It is more crucial to precisely identify the samples from an underrepresented (i.e., in terms of the amount of data) but more important (e.g., the cancerous lesions) minority class. In other words, misclassifying a more severe lesion to a benign or less severe lesion should have relative more cost (e.g., money, time and even lives). To address such challenges, we present CS-AF, a cost-sensitive multi-classifier active fusion framework for skin lesion classification. In the experimental evaluation, we prepared 60 base classifiers (of 10 CNN architectures) on the ISIC research datasets. Our experimental results show that our framework consistently outperforms the static fusion competitors.      
### 59.Deep convolutional neural networks for face and iris presentation attack detection: Survey and case study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12040.pdf)
>  Biometric presentation attack detection is gaining increasing attention. Users of mobile devices find it more convenient to unlock their smart applications with finger, face or iris recognition instead of passwords. In this paper, we survey the approaches presented in the recent literature to detect face and iris presentation attacks. Specifically, we investigate the effectiveness of fine tuning very deep convolutional neural networks to the task of face and iris antispoofing. We compare two different fine tuning approaches on six publicly available benchmark datasets. Results show the effectiveness of these deep models in learning discriminative features that can tell apart real from fake biometric images with very low error rate. Cross-dataset evaluation on face PAD showed better generalization than state of the art. We also performed cross-dataset testing on iris PAD datasets in terms of equal error rate which was not reported in literature before. Additionally, we propose the use of a single deep network trained to detect both face and iris attacks. We have not noticed accuracy degradation compared to networks trained for only one biometric separately. Finally, we analyzed the learned features by the network, in correlation with the image frequency components, to justify its prediction decision.      
### 60.StRDAN: Synthetic-to-Real Domain Adaptation Network for Vehicle Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12032.pdf)
>  Vehicle re-identification aims to obtain the same vehicles from vehicle images. It is challenging but essential for analyzing and predicting traffic flow in the city. Although deep learning methods have achieved enormous progress in this task, requiring a large amount of data is a critical shortcoming. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel framework called Synthetic-to-Real Domain Adaptation Network (StRDAN), which is trained with inexpensive large-scale synthetic data as well as real data to improve performance. The training method for StRDAN is combined with domain adaptation and semi-supervised learning methods and their associated losses. StRDAN shows a significant improvement over the baseline model, which is trained using only real data, in two main datasets: VeRi and CityFlow-ReID. Evaluating with the mean average precision (mAP) metric, our model outperforms the reference model by 12.87% in CityFlow-ReID and 3.1% in VeRi.      
### 61.Deepfakes Detection with Automatic Face Weighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12027.pdf)
>  Altered and manipulated multimedia is increasingly present and widely distributed via social media platforms. Advanced video manipulation tools enable the generation of highly realistic-looking altered multimedia. While many methods have been presented to detect manipulations, most of them fail when evaluated with data outside of the datasets used in research environments. In order to address this problem, the Deepfake Detection Challenge (DFDC) provides a large dataset of videos containing realistic manipulations and an evaluation system that ensures that methods work quickly and accurately, even when faced with challenging data. In this paper, we introduce a method based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and recurrent neural networks (RNNs) that extracts visual and temporal features from faces present in videos to accurately detect manipulations. The method is evaluated with the DFDC dataset, providing competitive results compared to other techniques.      
### 62.Neural Head Reenactment with Latent Pose Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12000.pdf)
>  We propose a neural head reenactment system, which is driven by a latent pose representation and is capable of predicting the foreground segmentation alongside the RGB image. The latent pose representation is learned as a part of the entire reenactment system, and the learning process is based solely on image reconstruction losses. We show that despite its simplicity, with a large and diverse enough training dataset, such learning successfully decomposes pose from identity. The resulting system can then reproduce mimics of the driving person and, furthermore, can perform cross-person reenactment. Additionally, we show that the learned descriptors are useful for other pose-related tasks, such as keypoint prediction and pose-based retrieval.      
### 63.Extending and Analyzing Self-Supervised Learning Across Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11992.pdf)
>  Self-supervised representation learning has achieved impressive results in recent years, with experiments primarily coming on ImageNet or other similarly large internet imagery datasets. There has been little to no work with these methods on other smaller domains, such as satellite, textural, or biological imagery. We experiment with several popular methods on an unprecedented variety of domains. We discover, among other findings, that Rotation is by far the most semantically meaningful task, with much of the performance of Jigsaw and Instance Discrimination being attributable to the nature of their induced distribution rather than semantic understanding. Additionally, there are several areas, such as fine-grain classification, where all tasks underperform. We quantitatively and qualitatively diagnose the reasons for these failures and successes via novel experiments studying pretext generalization, random labelings, and implicit dimensionality. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BramSW/Extending_SSRL_Across_Domains/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 64.DALES: A Large-scale Aerial LiDAR Data Set for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11985.pdf)
>  We present the Dayton Annotated LiDAR Earth Scan (DALES) data set, a new large-scale aerial LiDAR data set with over a half-billion hand-labeled points spanning 10 square kilometers of area and eight object categories. Large annotated point cloud data sets have become the standard for evaluating deep learning methods. However, most of the existing data sets focus on data collected from a mobile or terrestrial scanner with few focusing on aerial data. Point cloud data collected from an Aerial Laser Scanner (ALS) presents a new set of challenges and applications in areas such as 3D urban modeling and large-scale surveillance. DALES is the most extensive publicly available ALS data set with over 400 times the number of points and six times the resolution of other currently available annotated aerial point cloud data sets. This data set gives a critical number of expert verified hand-labeled points for the evaluation of new 3D deep learning algorithms, helping to expand the focus of current algorithms to aerial data. We describe the nature of our data, annotation workflow, and provide a benchmark of current state-of-the-art algorithm performance on the DALES data set.      
### 65.DriftNet: Aggressive Driving Behavior Classification using 3D EfficientNet Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11970.pdf)
>  Aggressive driving (i.e., car drifting) is a dangerous behavior that puts human safety and life into a significant risk. This behavior is considered as an anomaly concerning the regular traffic in public transportation roads. Recent techniques in deep learning proposed new approaches for anomaly detection in different contexts such as pedestrian monitoring, street fighting, and threat detection. In this paper, we propose a new anomaly detection framework applied to the detection of aggressive driving behavior. Our contribution consists in the development of a 3D neural network architecture, based on the state-of-the-art EfficientNet 2D image classifier, for the aggressive driving detection in videos. We propose an EfficientNet3D CNN feature extractor for video analysis, and we compare it with existing feature extractors. We also created a dataset of car drifting in Saudi Arabian context <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLzgye1-d1k" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that addresses the problem of aggressive driving behavior using deep learning.      
### 66.Leveraging Planar Regularities for Point Line Visual-Inertial Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11969.pdf)
>  With monocular Visual-Inertial Odometry (VIO) system, 3D point cloud and camera motion can be estimated simultaneously. Because pure sparse 3D points provide a structureless representation of the environment, generating 3D mesh from sparse points can further model the environment topology and produce dense mapping. To improve the accuracy of 3D mesh generation and localization, we propose a tightly-coupled monocular VIO system, PLP-VIO, which exploits point features and line features as well as plane regularities. The co-planarity constraints are used to leverage additional structure information for the more accurate estimation of 3D points and spatial lines in state estimator. To detect plane and 3D mesh robustly, we combine both the line features with point features in the detection method. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified on both synthetic data and public datasets and is compared with other state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 67.Eigenfeatures: Discrimination of X-ray images of epoxy resins using singular value decomposition of deep learning features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11968.pdf)
>  Although the process variables of epoxy resins alter their mechanical properties, the visual identification of the characteristic features of X-ray images of samples of these materials is challenging. To facilitate the identification, we approximate the magnitude of the gradient of the intensity field of the X-ray images of different kinds of epoxy resins and then we use deep learning to discover the most representative features of the transformed images. In this solution of the inverse problem to finding characteristic features to discriminate samples of heterogeneous materials, we use the eigenvectors obtained from the singular value decomposition of all the channels of the feature maps of the early layers in a convolutional neural network. While the strongest activated channel gives a visual representation of the characteristic features, often these are not robust enough in some practical settings. On the other hand, the left singular vectors of the matrix decomposition of the feature maps, barely change when variables such as the capacity of the network or network architecture change. High classification accuracy and robustness of characteristic features are presented in this work.      
### 68.Defining Benchmarks for Continual Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11967.pdf)
>  Both few-shot and continual learning have seen substantial progress in the last years due to the introduction of proper benchmarks. That being said, the field has still to frame a suite of benchmarks for the highly desirable setting of continual few-shot learning, where the learner is presented a number of few-shot tasks, one after the other, and then asked to perform well on a validation set stemming from all previously seen tasks. Continual few-shot learning has a small computational footprint and is thus an excellent setting for efficient investigation and experimentation. In this paper we first define a theoretical framework for continual few-shot learning, taking into account recent literature, then we propose a range of flexible benchmarks that unify the evaluation criteria and allows exploring the problem from multiple perspectives. As part of the benchmark, we introduce a compact variant of ImageNet, called SlimageNet64, which retains all original 1000 classes but only contains 200 instances of each one (a total of 200K data-points) downscaled to 64 x 64 pixels. We provide baselines for the proposed benchmarks using a number of popular few-shot learning algorithms, as a result, exposing previously unknown strengths and weaknesses of those algorithms in continual and data-limited settings.      
### 69.Extreme Consistency: Overcoming Annotation Scarcity and Domain Shifts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11966.pdf)
>  Supervised learning has proved effective for medical image analysis. However, it can utilize only the small labeled portion of data; it fails to leverage the large amounts of unlabeled data that is often available in medical image datasets. Supervised models are further handicapped by domain shifts, when the labeled dataset, despite being large enough, fails to cover different protocols or ethnicities. In this paper, we introduce \emph{extreme consistency}, which overcomes the above limitations, by maximally leveraging unlabeled data from the same or a different domain in a teacher-student semi-supervised paradigm. Extreme consistency is the process of sending an extreme transformation of a given image to the student network and then constraining its prediction to be consistent with the teacher network's prediction for the untransformed image. The extreme nature of our consistency loss distinguishes our method from related works that yield suboptimal performance by exercising only mild prediction consistency. Our method is 1) auto-didactic, as it requires no extra expert annotations; 2) versatile, as it handles both domain shift and limited annotation problems; 3) generic, as it is readily applicable to classification, segmentation, and detection tasks; and 4) simple to implement, as it requires no adversarial training. We evaluate our method for the tasks of lesion and retinal vessel segmentation in skin and fundus images. Our experiments demonstrate a significant performance gain over both modern supervised networks and recent semi-supervised models. This performance is attributed to the strong regularization enforced by extreme consistency, which enables the student network to learn how to handle extreme variants of both labeled and unlabeled images. This enhances the network's ability to tackle the inevitable same- and cross-domain data variability during inference.      
### 70.On the safety of vulnerable road users by cyclist orientation detection using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11909.pdf)
>  In this work, orientation detection using Deep Learning is acknowledged for a particularly vulnerable class of road users,the cyclists. Knowing the cyclists' orientation is of great relevance since it provides a good notion about their future trajectory, which is crucial to avoid accidents in the context of intelligent transportation systems. Using Transfer Learning with pre-trained models and TensorFlow, we present a performance comparison between the main algorithms reported in the literature for object detection,such as SSD, Faster R-CNN and R-FCN along with MobilenetV2, InceptionV2, ResNet50, ResNet101 feature extractors. Moreover, we propose multi-class detection with eight different classes according to orientations. To do so, we introduce a new dataset called "Detect-Bike", containing 20,229 cyclist instances over 11,103 images, which has been labeled based on cyclist's orientation. Then, the same Deep Learning methods used for detection are trained to determine the target's heading. Our experimental results and vast evaluation showed satisfactory performance of all of the studied methods for the cyclists and their orientation detection, especially using Faster R-CNN with ResNet50 proved to be precise but significantly slower. Meanwhile, SSD using InceptionV2 provided good trade-off between precision and execution time, and is to be preferred for real-time embedded applications.      
### 71.Towards causal generative scene models via competition of experts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12906.pdf)
>  Learning how to model complex scenes in a modular way with recombinable components is a pre-requisite for higher-order reasoning and acting in the physical world. However, current generative models lack the ability to capture the inherently compositional and layered nature of visual scenes. While recent work has made progress towards unsupervised learning of object-based scene representations, most models still maintain a global representation space (i.e., objects are not explicitly separated), and cannot generate scenes with novel object arrangement and depth ordering. Here, we present an alternative approach which uses an inductive bias encouraging modularity by training an ensemble of generative models (experts). During training, experts compete for explaining parts of a scene, and thus specialise on different object classes, with objects being identified as parts that re-occur across multiple scenes. Our model allows for controllable sampling of individual objects and recombination of experts in physically plausible ways. In contrast to other methods, depth layering and occlusion are handled correctly, moving this approach closer to a causal generative scene model. Experiments on simple toy data qualitatively demonstrate the conceptual advantages of the proposed approach.      
### 72.Control Design of Autonomous Drone Using Deep Learning Based Image Understanding Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12886.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new framework to use images as the inputs for the controller to have autonomous flight, considering the noisy indoor environment and uncertainties. A new Proportional-Integral-Derivative-Accelerated (PIDA) control with a derivative filter is proposed to improves drone/quadcopter flight stability within a noisy environment and enables autonomous flight using object and depth detection techniques. The mathematical model is derived from an accurate model with a high level of fidelity by addressing the problems of non-linearity, uncertainties, and coupling. The proposed PIDA controller is tuned by Stochastic Dual Simplex Algorithm (SDSA) to support autonomous flight. The simulation results show that adapting the deep learning-based image understanding techniques (RetinaNet ant colony detection and PSMNet) to the proposed controller can enable the generation and tracking of the desired point in the presence of environmental disturbances.      
### 73.A Light CNN for detecting COVID-19 from CT scans of the chest  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12837.pdf)
>  OVID-19 is a world-wide disease that has been declared as a pandemic by the World Health Organization. Computer Tomography (CT) imaging of the chest seems to be a valid diagnosis tool to detect COVID-19 promptly and to control the spread of the disease. Deep Learning has been extensively used in medical imaging and convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been also used for classification of CT images. We propose a light CNN design based on the model of the SqueezeNet, for the efficient discrimination of COVID-19 CT images with other CT images (community-acquired pneumonia and/or healthy images). On the tested datasets, the proposed modified SqueezeNet CNN achieved 83.00\% of accuracy, 85.00\% of sensitivity, 81.00\% of specificity, 81.73\% of precision and 0.8333 of F1Score in a very efficient way (7.81 seconds medium-end laptot without GPU acceleration). Besides performance, the average classification time is very competitive with respect to more complex CNN designs, thus allowing its usability also on medium power computers. In the next future we aim at improving the performances of the method along two directions: 1) by increasing the training dataset (as soon as other CT images will be available); 2) by introducing an efficient pre-processing strategy.      
### 74.A Critic Evaluation of Methods for COVID-19 Automatic Detection from X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12823.pdf)
>  In this paper, we compare and evaluate different testing protocols used for automatic COVID-19 diagnosis from X-Ray images. We show that similar results can be obtained using X-Ray images that do not contain most of the lungs. We are able to remove them from the images by turning to black the center of the scan. Hence, we deduce that several testing protocols for the recognition are not fair and that the neural networks are learning patterns in the images that are not correlated to the presence of COVID-19. We propose a new testing protocol that consists in using different datasets for training and testing, and we provide a method to measure how fair is a specific testing protocol. We suggest to follow the proposed protocol in the future research, and provide tools to better interpret the results of a classifier.      
### 75.Quantifying Graft Detachment after Descemet's Membrane Endothelial Keratoplasty with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12807.pdf)
>  Purpose: We developed a method to automatically locate and quantify graft detachment after Descemet's Membrane Endothelial Keratoplasty (DMEK) in Anterior Segment Optical Coherence Tomography (AS-OCT) scans. Methods: 1280 AS-OCT B-scans were annotated by a DMEK expert. Using the annotations, a deep learning pipeline was developed to localize scleral spur, center the AS-OCT B-scans and segment the detached graft sections. Detachment segmentation model performance was evaluated per B-scan by comparing (1) length of detachment and (2) horizontal projection of the detached sections with the expert annotations. Horizontal projections were used to construct graft detachment maps. All final evaluations were done on a test set that was set apart during training of the models. A second DMEK expert annotated the test set to determine inter-rater performance. Results: Mean scleral spur localization error was 0.155 mm, whereas the inter-rater difference was 0.090 mm. The estimated graft detachment lengths were in 69% of the cases within a 10-pixel (~150{\mu}m) difference from the ground truth (77% for the second DMEK expert). Dice scores for the horizontal projections of all B-scans with detachments were 0.896 and 0.880 for our model and the second DMEK expert respectively. Conclusion: Our deep learning model can be used to automatically and instantly localize graft detachment in AS-OCT B-scans. Horizontal detachment projections can be determined with the same accuracy as a human DMEK expert, allowing for the construction of accurate graft detachment maps. Translational Relevance: Automated localization and quantification of graft detachment can support DMEK research and standardize clinical decision making.      
### 76.A Cascaded Learning Strategy for Robust COVID-19 Pneumonia Chest X-Ray Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12786.pdf)
>  We introduce a comprehensive screening platform for the COVID-19 (a.k.a., SARS-CoV-2) pneumonia. The proposed AI-based system works on chest x-ray (CXR) images to predict whether a patient is infected with the COVID-19 disease. Although the recent international joint effort on making the availability of all sorts of open data, the public collection of CXR images is still relatively small for reliably training a deep neural network (DNN) to carry out COVID-19 prediction. To better address such inefficiency, we design a cascaded learning strategy to improve both the sensitivity and the specificity of the resulting DNN classification model. Our approach leverages a large CXR image dataset of non-COVID-19 pneumonia to generalize the original well-trained classification model via a cascaded learning scheme. The resulting screening system is shown to achieve good classification performance on the expanded dataset, including those newly added COVID-19 CXR images.      
### 77.Boosting Connectivity in Retinal Vessel Segmentation via a Recursive Semantics-Guided Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12776.pdf)
>  Many deep learning based methods have been proposed for retinal vessel segmentation, however few of them focus on the connectivity of segmented vessels, which is quite important for a practical computer-aided diagnosis system on retinal images. In this paper, we propose an efficient network to address this problem. A U-shape network is enhanced by introducing a semantics-guided module, which integrates the enriched semantics information to shallow layers for guiding the network to explore more powerful features. Besides, a recursive refinement iteratively applies the same network over the previous segmentation results for progressively boosting the performance while increasing no extra network parameters. The carefully designed recursive semantics-guided network has been extensively evaluated on several public datasets. Experimental results have shown the efficiency of the proposed method.      
### 78.EAO-SLAM: Monocular Semi-Dense Object SLAM Based on Ensemble Data Association  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12730.pdf)
>  Object-level data association and pose estimation play a fundamental role in semantic SLAM, which remain unsolved due to the lack of robust and accurate algorithms. In this work, we propose an ensemble data associate strategy to integrate the parametric and nonparametric statistic tests. By exploiting the nature of different statistics, our method can effectively aggregate the information of different measurements, and thus significantly improve the robustness and accuracy of the association process. We then present an accurate object pose estimation framework, in which an outlier-robust centroid and scale estimation algorithm and an object pose initialization algorithm are developed to help improve the optimality of the estimated results. Furthermore, we build a SLAM system that can generate semi-dense or lightweight object-oriented maps with a monocular camera. Extensive experiments are conducted on three publicly available datasets and a real scenario. The results show that our approach significantly outperforms state-of-the-art techniques in accuracy and robustness.      
### 79.Reconstructing normal section profiles of 3D revolving structures via pose-unconstrained multi-line structured-light vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12697.pdf)
>  The wheel of the train is a 3D revolving geometrical structure. Reconstructing the normal section profile is an effective approach to determine the critical geometric parameter and wear of the wheel in the community of railway safety. The existing reconstruction methods typically require a sensor working in a constrained position and pose, suffering poor flexibility and limited viewangle. This paper proposes a pose-unconstrained normal section profile reconstruction framework for 3D revolving structures via multiple 3D general section profiles acquired by a multi-line structured light vision sensor. First, we establish a model to estimate the axis of 3D revolving geometrical structure and the normal section profile using corresponding points. Then, we embed the model into an iterative algorithm to optimize the corresponding points and finally reconstruct the accurate normal section profile. We conducted real experiment on reconstructing the normal section profile of a 3D wheel. The results demonstrate that our algorithm reaches the mean precision of 0.068mm and good repeatability with the STD of 0.007mm. It is also robust to varying pose variations of the sensor. Our proposed framework and models are generalized to any 3D wheeltype revolving components.      
### 80.OR-UNet: an Optimized Robust Residual U-Net for Instrument Segmentation in Endoscopic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12668.pdf)
>  Segmentation of endoscopic images is an essential processing step for computer and robotics-assisted interventions. The Robust-MIS challenge provides the largest dataset of annotated endoscopic images to date, with 5983 manually annotated images. Here we describe OR-UNet, our optimized robust residual 2D U-Net for endoscopic image segmentation. As the name implies, the network makes use of residual connections in the encoder. It is trained with the sum of Dice and cross-entropy loss and deep supervision. During training, extensive data augmentation is used to increase the robustness. In an 8-fold cross-validation on the training images, our model achieved a mean (median) Dice score of 87.41 (94.35). We use the eight models from the cross-validation as an ensemble on the test set.      
### 81.Continuous hand-eye calibration using 3D points  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12611.pdf)
>  The recent development of calibration algorithms has been driven into two major directions: (1) an increasing accuracy of mathematical approaches and (2) an increasing flexibility in usage by reducing the dependency on calibration objects. These two trends, however, seem to be contradictory since the overall accuracy is directly related to the accuracy of the pose estimation of the calibration object and therefore demanding large objects, while an increased flexibility leads to smaller objects or noisier estimation methods. <br>The method presented in this paper aims to resolves this problem in two steps: First, we derive a simple closed-form solution with a shifted focus towards the equation of translation that only solves for the necessary hand-eye transformation. We show that it is superior in accuracy and robustness compared to traditional approaches. Second, we decrease the dependency on the calibration object to a single 3D-point by using a similar formulation based on the equation of translation which is much less affected by the estimation error of the calibration object's orientation. Moreover, it makes the estimation of the orientation obsolete while taking advantage of the higher accuracy and robustness from the first solution, resulting in a versatile method for continuous hand-eye calibration.      
### 82.Improving Endoscopic Decision Support Systems by Translating Between Imaging Modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12604.pdf)
>  Novel imaging technologies raise many questions concerning the adaptation of computer-aided decision support systems. Classification models either need to be adapted or even newly trained from scratch to exploit the full potential of enhanced techniques. Both options typically require the acquisition of new labeled training data. In this work we investigate the applicability of image-to-image translation to endoscopic images showing different imaging modalities, namely conventional white-light and narrow-band imaging. In a study on computer-aided celiac disease diagnosis, we explore whether image-to-image translation is capable of effectively performing the translation between the domains. We investigate if models can be trained on virtual (or a mixture of virtual and real) samples to improve overall accuracy in a setting with limited labeled training data. Finally, we also ask whether a translation of testing images to another domain is capable of improving accuracy by exploiting the enhanced imaging characteristics.      
### 83.Robust Screening of COVID-19 from Chest X-ray via Discriminative Cost-Sensitive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12592.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the new problem of automated screening of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) based on chest X-rays, which is urgently demanded toward fast stopping the pandemic. However, robust and accurate screening of COVID-19 from chest X-rays is still a globally recognized challenge because of two bottlenecks: 1) imaging features of COVID-19 share some similarities with other pneumonia on chest X-rays, and 2) the misdiagnosis rate of COVID-19 is very high, and the misdiagnosis cost is expensive. While a few pioneering works have made much progress, they underestimate both crucial bottlenecks. In this paper, we report our solution, discriminative cost-sensitive learning (DCSL), which should be the choice if the clinical needs the assisted screening of COVID-19 from chest X-rays. DCSL combines both advantages from fine-grained classification and cost-sensitive learning. Firstly, DCSL develops a conditional center loss that learns deep discriminative representation. Secondly, DCSL establishes score-level cost-sensitive learning that can adaptively enlarge the cost of misclassifying COVID-19 examples into other classes. DCSL is so flexible that it can apply in any deep neural network. We collected a large-scale multi-class dataset comprised of 2,239 chest X-ray examples: 239 examples from confirmed COVID-19 cases, 1,000 examples with confirmed bacterial or viral pneumonia cases, and 1,000 examples of healthy people. Extensive experiments on the three-class classification show that our algorithm remarkably outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms. It achieves an accuracy of 97.01%, a precision of 97%, a sensitivity of 97.09%, and an F1-score of 96.98%. These results endow our algorithm as an efficient tool for the fast large-scale screening of COVID-19.      
### 84.Towards Efficient COVID-19 CT Annotation: A Benchmark for Lung and Infection Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12537.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation of lung and infection in COVID-19 CT scans plays an important role in the quantitative management of patients. Most of the existing studies are based on large and private annotated datasets that are impractical to obtain from a single institution, especially when radiologists are busy fighting the coronavirus disease. Furthermore, it is hard to compare current COVID-19 CT segmentation methods as they are developed on different datasets, trained in different settings, and evaluated with different metrics. In this paper, we created a COVID-19 3D CT dataset with 20 cases that contains 1800+ annotated slices and made it publicly available. To promote the development of annotation-efficient deep learning methods, we built three benchmarks for lung and infection segmentation that contain current main research interests, e.g., few-shot learning, domain generalization, and knowledge transfer. For a fair comparison among different segmentation methods, we also provide unified training, validation and testing dataset splits, and evaluation metrics and corresponding code. In addition, we provided more than 40 pre-trained baseline models for the benchmarks, which not only serve as out-of-the-box segmentation tools but also save computational time for researchers who are interested in COVID-19 lung and infection segmentation. To the best of our knowledge, this work presents the largest public annotated COVID-19 CT volume dataset, the first segmentation benchmark, and the most pre-trained models up to now. We hope these resources (\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitee.com/junma11/COVID-19-CT-Seg-Benchmark" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}) could advance the development of deep learning methods for COVID-19 CT segmentation with limited data.      
### 85.Towards Accurate and Robust Domain Adaptation under Noisy Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12529.pdf)
>  In non-stationary environments, learning machines usually confront the domain adaptation scenario where the data distribution does change over time. Previous domain adaptation works have achieved great success in theory and practice. However, they always lose robustness in noisy environments where the labels and features of examples from the source domain become corrupted. In this paper, we report our attempt towards achieving accurate noise-robust domain adaptation. We first give a theoretical analysis that reveals how harmful noises influence unsupervised domain adaptation. To eliminate the effect of label noise, we propose an offline curriculum learning for minimizing a newly-defined empirical source risk. To reduce the impact of feature noise, we propose a proxy distribution based margin discrepancy. We seamlessly transform our methods into an adversarial network that performs efficient joint optimization for them, successfully mitigating the negative influence from both data corruption and distribution shift. A series of empirical studies show that our algorithm remarkably outperforms state of the art, over 10% accuracy improvements in some domain adaptation tasks under noisy environments.      
### 86.Cross-Domain Structure Preserving Projection for Heterogeneous Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12427.pdf)
>  Heterogeneous Domain Adaptation (HDA) aims to enable effective transfer learning across domains of different modalities (e.g., texts and images) or feature dimensions (e.g., features extracted with different methods). Traditional domain adaptation algorithms assume that the representations of source and target samples reside in the same feature space, hence are likely to fail in solving the heterogeneous domain adaptation problem where the source and target domain data are represented by completely different features. To address this issue, we propose a Cross-Domain Structure Preserving Projection (CDSPP) algorithm, as an extension of the classic LPP, which aims to learn domain-specific projections to map sample features from source and target domains into a common subspace such that the class consistency is preserved and data distributions are sufficiently aligned. CDSPP is naturally suitable for supervised HDA but can be extended for semi-supervised HDA where the unlabeled target domain samples are available. Our approach illustrates superior results when evaluated against both supervised and semi-supervised state-of-the-art approaches on several HDA benchmark datasets.      
### 87.Towards Feature Space Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12385.pdf)
>  We propose a new type of adversarial attack to Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) for image classification. Different from most existing attacks that directly perturb input pixels. Our attack focuses on perturbing abstract features, more specifically, features that denote styles, including interpretable styles such as vivid colors and sharp outlines, and uninterpretable ones. It induces model misclassfication by injecting style changes insensitive for humans, through an optimization procedure. We show that state-of-the-art adversarial attack detection and defense techniques are ineffective in guarding against feature space attacks.      
### 88.Joint Liver Lesion Segmentation and Classification via Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12352.pdf)
>  Transfer learning and joint learning approaches are extensively used to improve the performance of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). In medical imaging applications in which the target dataset is typically very small, transfer learning improves feature learning while joint learning has shown effectiveness in improving the network's generalization and robustness. In this work, we study the combination of these two approaches for the problem of liver lesion segmentation and classification. For this purpose, 332 abdominal CT slices containing lesion segmentation and classification of three lesion types are evaluated. For feature learning, the dataset of MICCAI 2017 Liver Tumor Segmentation (LiTS) Challenge is used. Joint learning shows improvement in both segmentation and classification results. We show that a simple joint framework outperforms the commonly used multi-task architecture (Y-Net), achieving an improvement of 10% in classification accuracy, compared to a 3% improvement with Y-Net.      
### 89.DeepSeg: Deep Neural Network Framework for Automatic Brain Tumor Segmentation using Magnetic Resonance FLAIR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12333.pdf)
>  Purpose: Gliomas are the most common and aggressive type of brain tumors due to their infiltrative nature and rapid progression. The process of distinguishing tumor boundaries from healthy cells is still a challenging task in the clinical routine. Fluid-Attenuated Inversion Recovery (FLAIR) MRI modality can provide the physician with information about tumor infiltration. Therefore, this paper proposes a new generic deep learning architecture; namely DeepSeg for fully automated detection and segmentation of the brain lesion using FLAIR MRI data. <br>Methods: The developed DeepSeg is a modular decoupling framework. It consists of two connected core parts based on an encoding and decoding relationship. The encoder part is a convolutional neural network (CNN) responsible for spatial information extraction. The resulting semantic map is inserted into the decoder part to get the full resolution probability map. Based on modified U-Net architecture, different CNN models such as Residual Neural Network (ResNet), Dense Convolutional Network (DenseNet), and NASNet have been utilized in this study. <br>Results: The proposed deep learning architectures have been successfully tested and evaluated on-line based on MRI datasets of Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS 2019) challenge, including s336 cases as training data and 125 cases for validation data. The dice and Hausdorff distance scores of obtained segmentation results are about 0.81 to 0.84 and 9.8 to 19.7 correspondingly. <br>Conclusion: This study showed successful feasibility and comparative performance of applying different deep learning models in a new DeepSeg framework for automated brain tumor segmentation in FLAIR MR images. The proposed DeepSeg is open-source and freely available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/razeineldin/DeepSeg/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 90.Development of a High Fidelity Simulator for Generalised Photometric Based Space Object Classification using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12270.pdf)
>  This paper presents the initial stages in the development of a deep learning classifier for generalised Resident Space Object (RSO) characterisation that combines high-fidelity simulated light curves with transfer learning to improve the performance of object characterisation models that are trained on real data. The classification and characterisation of RSOs is a significant goal in Space Situational Awareness (SSA) in order to improve the accuracy of orbital predictions. The specific focus of this paper is the development of a high-fidelity simulation environment for generating realistic light curves. The simulator takes in a textured geometric model of an RSO as well as the objects ephemeris and uses Blender to generate photo-realistic images of the RSO that are then processed to extract the light curve. Simulated light curves have been compared with real light curves extracted from telescope imagery to provide validation for the simulation environment. Future work will involve further validation and the use of the simulator to generate a dataset of realistic light curves for the purpose of training neural networks.      
### 91.Deep DIH : Statistically Inferred Reconstruction of Digital In-Line Holography by Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12231.pdf)
>  Digital in-line holography is commonly used to reconstruct 3D images from 2D holograms for microscopic objects. One of the technical challenges that arise in the signal processing stage is removing the twin image that is caused by the phase-conjugate wavefront from the recorded holograms. Twin image removal is typically formulated as a non-linear inverse problem due to the irreversible scattering process when generating the hologram. Recently, end-to-end deep learning-based methods have been utilized to reconstruct the object wavefront (as a surrogate for the 3D structure of the object) directly from a single-shot in-line digital hologram. However, massive data pairs are required to train deep learning models for acceptable reconstruction precision. In contrast to typical image processing problems, well-curated datasets for in-line digital holography does not exist. Also, the trained model highly influenced by the morphological properties of the object and hence can vary for different applications. Therefore, data collection can be prohibitively cumbersome in practice as a major hindrance to using deep learning for digital holography. In this paper, we proposed a novel implementation of autoencoder-based deep learning architecture for single-shot hologram reconstruction solely based on the current sample without the need for massive datasets to train the model. The simulations results demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed method compared to the state of the art single-shot compressive digital in-line hologram reconstruction method.      
### 92.Explainable Deep CNNs for MRI-Based Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12204.pdf)
>  Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are becoming prominent models for semi-automated diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease (AD) using brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI). Although being highly accurate, deep CNN models lack transparency and interpretability, precluding adequate clinical reasoning and not complying with most current regulatory demands. One popular choice for explaining deep image models is occluding regions of the image to isolate their influence on the prediction. However, existing methods for occluding patches of brain scans generate images outside the distribution to which the model was trained for, thus leading to unreliable explanations. In this paper, we propose an alternative explanation method that is specifically designed for the brain scan task. Our method, which we refer to as Swap Test, produces heatmaps that depict the areas of the brain that are most indicative of AD, providing interpretability for the model's decisions in a format understandable to clinicians. Experimental results using an axiomatic evaluation show that the proposed method is more suitable for explaining the diagnosis of AD using MRI while the opposite trend was observed when using a typical occlusion test. Therefore, we believe our method may address the inherent black-box nature of deep neural networks that are capable of diagnosing AD.      
### 93.A Survey on Domain Knowledge Powered Deep Learning for Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12150.pdf)
>  Although deep learning models like CNNs have achieved a great success in medical image analysis, small-sized medical datasets remain to be the major bottleneck in this area. To address this problem, researchers start looking for external information beyond the current available medical datasets. Traditional approaches generally leverage the information from natural images. More recent works utilize the domain knowledge from medical doctors, by letting networks either resemble how they are trained, mimic their diagnostic patterns, or focus on the features or areas they particular pay attention to. In this survey, we summarize the current progress on introducing medical domain knowledge in deep learning models for various tasks like disease diagnosis, lesion, organ and abnormality detection, lesion and organ segmentation. For each type of task, we systematically categorize different kinds of medical domain knowledge that have been utilized and the corresponding integrating methods. We end with a summary of challenges, open problems, and directions for future research.      
### 94.POCOVID-Net: Automatic Detection of COVID-19 From a New Lung Ultrasound Imaging Dataset (POCUS)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12084.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of COVID-19 into a global pandemic, there is an ever more urgent need for cheap, fast and reliable tools that can assist physicians in diagnosing COVID-19. Medical imaging such as CT can take a key role in complementing conventional diagnostic tools from molecular biology, and, using deep learning techniques, several automatic systems were demonstrated promising performances using CT or X-ray data. Here, we advocate a more prominent role of point-of-care ultrasound imaging to guide COVID-19 detection. Ultrasound is non-invasive and ubiquitous in medical facilities around the globe. Our contribution is threefold. First, we gather a lung ultrasound (POCUS) dataset consisting of (currently) 1103 images (654 COVID-19, 277 bacterial pneumonia and 172 healthy controls), sampled from 64 videos. While this dataset was assembled from various online sources and is by no means exhaustive, it was processed specifically to feed deep learning models and is intended to serve as a starting point for an open-access initiative. Second, we train a deep convolutional neural network (POCOVID-Net) on this 3-class dataset and achieve an accuracy of 89% and, by a majority vote, a video accuracy of 92% . For detecting COVID-19 in particular, the model performs with a sensitivity of 0.96, a specificity of 0.79 and F1-score of 0.92 in a 5-fold cross validation. Third, we provide an open-access web service (POCOVIDScreen) that is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://pocovidscreen.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. The website deploys the predictive model, allowing to perform predictions on ultrasound lung images. In addition, it grants medical staff the option to (bulk) upload their own screenings in order to contribute to the growing public database of pathological lung ultrasound images. <br>Dataset and code are available from: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jannisborn/covid19_pocus_ultrasound" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 95.SAIA: Split Artificial Intelligence Architecture for Mobile Healthcare System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12059.pdf)
>  As the advancement of deep learning (DL), the Internet of Things and cloud computing techniques for the analysis and diagnosis of biomedical and health care problems in the last decade, mobile healthcare applications have received unprecedented attention. Since DL techniques usually require enormous amount of computation, most of them cannot be directly deployed on the computation-constrained and energy limited mobile and IoT devices. Hence, most of the mobile healthcare applications leverage the cloud computing infrastructure, where the data collected on the mobile/IoT devices would be transmitted to the cloud computing platforms for analysis. However, in contested environments, relying on the cloud server might not be practical at all times; for instance, the satellite communication might be denied or disrupted. In this paper, we propose SAIA, a Split Artificial Intelligence Architecture for mobile healthcare systems. Unlike traditional approach for artificial intelligence (AI) which solely exploits the computational power of the cloud server, SAIA not only relies on the cloud computing infrastructure while the wireless communication is available, but also utilizes the lightweight AI solutions that work locally at the client side (e.g., mobile and IoT devices), hence, it can work even when the communication is impeded. In SAIA, we propose a meta-information based decision unit, that could tune whether a sample captured by the client should be operated by embedded AI or networked AI, under different conditions. In the experimental evaluation, extensive experiments have been conducted on two popular healthcare datasets. Our results show that SAIA consistently outperforms its baselines in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency.      
### 96.GPO: Global Plane Optimization for Fast and Accurate Monocular SLAM Initialization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12051.pdf)
>  Initialization is essential to monocular Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) problems. This paper focuses on a novel initialization method for monocular SLAM based on planar features. The algorithm starts by homography estimation in a sliding window. It then proceeds to a global plane optimization (GPO) to obtain camera poses and the plane normal. 3D points can be recovered using planar constraints without triangulation. The proposed method fully exploits the plane information from multiple frames and avoids the ambiguities in homography decomposition. We validate our algorithm on the collected chessboard dataset against baseline implementations and present extensive analysis. Experimental results show that our method outperforms the fine-tuned baselines in both accuracy and real-time.      
### 97.Self-supervised Learning of Visual Speech Features with Audiovisual Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12031.pdf)
>  We present an introspection of an audiovisual speech enhancement model. In particular, we focus on interpreting how a neural audiovisual speech enhancement model uses visual cues to improve the quality of the target speech signal. We show that visual features provide not only high-level information about speech activity, i.e. speech vs. no speech, but also fine-grained visual information about the place of articulation. An interesting byproduct of this finding is that the learned visual embeddings can be used as features for other visual speech applications. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the learned visual representations for classifying visemes (the visual analogy to phonemes). Our results provide insight into important aspects of audiovisual speech enhancement and demonstrate how such models can be used for self-supervision tasks for visual speech applications.      
### 98.Spectral Data Augmentation Techniques to quantify Lung Pathology from CT-images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11989.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is of paramount importance in biomedical image processing tasks, characterized by inadequate amounts of labelled data, to best use all of the data that is present. In-use techniques range from intensity transformations and elastic deformations, to linearly combining existing data points to make new ones. In this work, we propose the use of spectral techniques for data augmentation, using the discrete cosine and wavelet transforms. We empirically evaluate our approaches on a CT texture analysis task to detect abnormal lung-tissue in patients with cystic fibrosis. Empirical experiments show that the proposed spectral methods perform favourably as compared to the existing methods. When used in combination with existing methods, our proposed approach can increase the relative minor class segmentation performance by 44.1% over a simple replication baseline.      
### 99.DeepMerge: Classifying High-redshift Merging Galaxies with Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11981.pdf)
>  We investigate and demonstrate the use of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for the task of distinguishing between merging and non-merging galaxies in simulated images, and for the first time at high redshifts (i.e. $z=2$). We extract images of merging and non-merging galaxies from the Illustris-1 cosmological simulation and apply observational and experimental noise that mimics that from the Hubble Space Telescope; the data without noise form a "pristine" data set and that with noise form a "noisy" data set. The test set classification accuracy of the CNN is $79\%$ for pristine and $76\%$ for noisy. The CNN outperforms a Random Forest classifier, which was shown to be superior to conventional one- or two-dimensional statistical methods (Concentration, Asymmetry, the Gini, $M_{20}$ statistics etc.), which are commonly used when classifying merging galaxies. We also investigate the selection effects of the classifier with respect to merger state and star formation rate, finding no bias. Finally, we extract Grad-CAMs (Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mapping) from the results to further assess and interrogate the fidelity of the classification model.      
