# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 2 Apr 2020
### 1.Evading Deepfake-Image Detectors with White- and Black-Box Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00622.pdf)
>  It is now possible to synthesize highly realistic images of people who don't exist. Such content has, for example, been implicated in the creation of fraudulent social-media profiles responsible for dis-information campaigns. Significant efforts are, therefore, being deployed to detect synthetically-generated content. One popular forensic approach trains a neural network to distinguish real from synthetic content. <br>We show that such forensic classifiers are vulnerable to a range of attacks that reduce the classifier to near-0% accuracy. We develop five attack case studies on a state-of-the-art classifier that achieves an area under the ROC curve (AUC) of 0.95 on almost all existing image generators, when only trained on one generator. With full access to the classifier, we can flip the lowest bit of each pixel in an image to reduce the classifier's AUC to 0.0005; perturb 1% of the image area to reduce the classifier's AUC to 0.08; or add a single noise pattern in the synthesizer's latent space to reduce the classifier's AUC to 0.17. We also develop a black-box attack that, with no access to the target classifier, reduces the AUC to 0.22. These attacks reveal significant vulnerabilities of certain image-forensic classifiers. 
### 2.Articulation-aware Canonical Surface Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00614.pdf)
>  We tackle the tasks of: 1) predicting a Canonical Surface Mapping (CSM) that indicates the mapping from 2D pixels to corresponding points on a canonical template shape, and 2) inferring the articulation and pose of the template corresponding to the input image. While previous approaches rely on keypoint supervision for learning, we present an approach that can learn without such annotations. Our key insight is that these tasks are geometrically related, and we can obtain supervisory signal via enforcing consistency among the predictions. We present results across a diverse set of animal object categories, showing that our method can learn articulation and CSM prediction from image collections using only foreground mask labels for training. We empirically show that allowing articulation helps learn more accurate CSM prediction, and that enforcing the consistency with predicted CSM is similarly critical for learning meaningful articulation. 
### 3.EPOS: Estimating 6D Pose of Objects with Symmetries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00605.pdf)
>  We present a new method for estimating the 6D pose of rigid objects with available 3D models from a single RGB input image. The method is applicable to a broad range of objects, including challenging ones with global or partial symmetries. An object is represented by compact surface fragments which allow handling symmetries in a systematic manner. Correspondences between densely sampled pixels and the fragments are predicted using an encoder-decoder network. At each pixel, the network predicts: (i) the probability of each object's presence, (ii) the probability of the fragments given the object's presence, and (iii) the precise 3D location on each fragment. A data-dependent number of corresponding 3D locations is selected per pixel, and poses of possibly multiple object instances are estimated using a robust and efficient variant of the PnP-RANSAC algorithm. In the BOP Challenge 2019, the method outperforms all RGB and most RGB-D and D methods on the T-LESS and LM-O datasets. On the YCB-V dataset, it is superior to all competitors, with a large margin over the second-best RGB method. Source code is at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://cmp.felk.cvut.cz/epos" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 4.Robust Image Reconstruction with Misaligned Structural Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00589.pdf)
>  Multi-modality (or multi-channel) imaging is becoming increasingly important and more widely available, e.g. hyperspectral imaging in remote sensing, spectral CT in material sciences as well as multi-contrast MRI and PET-MR in medicine. Research in the last decades resulted in a plethora of mathematical methods to combine data from several modalities. State-of-the-art methods, often formulated as variational regularization, have shown to significantly improve image reconstruction both quantitatively and qualitatively. Almost all of these models rely on the assumption that the modalities are perfectly registered, which is not the case in most real world applications. We propose a variational framework which jointly performs reconstruction and registration, thereby overcoming this hurdle. Numerical results show the potential of the proposed strategy for various applications for hyperspectral imaging, PET-MR and multi-contrast MRI: typical misalignments between modalities such as rotations, translations, zooms can be effectively corrected during the reconstruction process. Therefore the proposed framework allows the robust exploitation of shared information across multiple modalities under real conditions. 
### 5.Symmetry and Group in Attribute-Object Compositions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00587.pdf)
>  Attributes and objects can compose diverse compositions. To model the compositional nature of these general concepts, it is a good choice to learn them through transformations, such as coupling and decoupling. However, complex transformations need to satisfy specific principles to guarantee the rationality. In this paper, we first propose a previously ignored principle of attribute-object transformation: Symmetry. For example, coupling peeled-apple with attribute peeled should result in peeled-apple, and decoupling peeled from apple should still output apple. Incorporating the symmetry principle, a transformation framework inspired by group theory is built, i.e. SymNet. SymNet consists of two modules, Coupling Network and Decoupling Network. With the group axioms and symmetry property as objectives, we adopt Deep Neural Networks to implement SymNet and train it in an end-to-end paradigm. Moreover, we propose a Relative Moving Distance (RMD) based recognition method to utilize the attribute change instead of the attribute pattern itself to classify attributes. Our symmetry learning can be utilized for the Compositional Zero-Shot Learning task and outperforms the state-of-the-art on widely-used benchmarks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DirtyHarryLYL/SymNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 6.Boosting Deep Hyperspectral Image Classification with Spectral Unmixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00583.pdf)
>  Recent advances in neural networks have made great progress in addressing the hyperspectral image (HSI) classification problem. However, the overfitting effect, which is mainly caused by complicated model structure and small training set, remains a major concern when applying neural networks to HSIs analysis. Reducing the complexity of the neural networks could prevent overfitting to some extent, but it declines the networks' ability to extract more abstract features. Enlarging the training set is also difficult. To tackle the overfitting problem, we propose an abundance-based multi-HSI classification method. By applying an autoencoder-based spectral unmixing technique, different HSIs are firstly converted from the spectral domain to the abundance domain. After that, the abundance representations from multiple HSIs are collected to form an enlarged dataset. Lastly, a simple classifier is trained, which makes predictions over all the involved datasets. Taking advantage of the spectral unmixing, transforming the spectral features to the abundance features significantly simplifies the classification tasks. This enables the use of a simple network as the classifier, thus alleviating the overfitting effect. Moreover, as much dataset-specific information is eliminated by the spectral unmixing, a compatible classifier suitable for different HSIs is trained. A several times enlarged training set is constructed by assembling the abundances from different HSIs. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified by the ablation study and the comparative experiments. On four datasets, the proposed method provides comparable results with two state-of-the-art methods, but using a much simpler model. 
### 7.LGVTON: A Landmark Guided Approach to Virtual Try-On  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00562.pdf)
>  We address the problem of image based virtual try-on (VTON), where the goal is to synthesize an image of a person wearing the cloth of a model. An essential requirement for generating a perceptually convincing VTON result is preserving the characteristics of the cloth and the person. Keeping this in mind we propose \textit{LGVTON}, a novel self-supervised landmark guided approach to image based virtual try-on. The incorporation of self-supervision tackles the problem of lack of paired training data in model to person VTON scenario. LGVTON uses two types of landmarks to warp the model cloth according to the shape and pose of the person, one, human landmarks, the locations of anatomical keypoints of human, two, fashion landmarks, the structural keypoints of cloth. We introduce an unique way of using landmarks for warping which is more efficient and effective compared to existing warping based methods in current problem scenario. In addition to that, to make the method robust in cases of noisy landmark estimates that causes inaccurate warping, we propose a mask generator module that attempts to predict the true segmentation mask of the model cloth on the person, which in turn guides our image synthesizer module in tackling warping issues. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our method in comparison to the state-of-the-art VTON methods. 
### 8.Feature-Driven Super-Resolution for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00554.pdf)
>  Although some convolutional neural networks (CNNs) based super-resolution (SR) algorithms yield good visual performances on single images recently. Most of them focus on perfect perceptual quality but ignore specific needs of subsequent detection task. This paper proposes a simple but powerful feature-driven super-resolution (FDSR) to improve the detection performance of low-resolution (LR) images. First, the proposed method uses feature-domain prior which extracts from an existing detector backbone to guide the HR image reconstruction. Then, with the aligned features, FDSR update SR parameters for better detection performance. Comparing with some state-of-the-art SR algorithms with 4$\times$ scale factor, FDSR outperforms the detection performance mAP on MS COCO validation, VOC2007 databases with good generalization to other detection networks. 
### 9.Physically Realizable Adversarial Examples for LiDAR Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00543.pdf)
>  Modern autonomous driving systems rely heavily on deep learning models to process point cloud sensory data; meanwhile, deep models have been shown to be susceptible to adversarial attacks with visually imperceptible perturbations. Despite the fact that this poses a security concern for the self-driving industry, there has been very little exploration in terms of 3D perception, as most adversarial attacks have only been applied to 2D flat images. In this paper, we address this issue and present a method to generate universal 3D adversarial objects to fool LiDAR detectors. In particular, we demonstrate that placing an adversarial object on the rooftop of any target vehicle to hide the vehicle entirely from LiDAR detectors with a success rate of 80%. We report attack results on a suite of detectors using various input representation of point clouds. We also conduct a pilot study on adversarial defense using data augmentation. This is one step closer towards safer self-driving under unseen conditions from limited training data. 
### 10.Future Video Synthesis with Object Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00542.pdf)
>  We present an approach to predict future video frames given a sequence of continuous video frames in the past. Instead of synthesizing images directly, our approach is designed to understand the complex scene dynamics by decoupling the background scene and moving objects. The appearance of the scene components in the future is predicted by non-rigid deformation of the background and affine transformation of moving objects. The anticipated appearances are combined to create a reasonable video in the future. With this procedure, our method exhibits much less tearing or distortion artifact compared to other approaches. Experimental results on the Cityscapes and KITTI datasets show that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art in terms of visual quality and accuracy. 
### 11.Medical-based Deep Curriculum Learning for Improved Fracture Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00482.pdf)
>  Current deep-learning based methods do not easily integrate to clinical protocols, neither take full advantage of medical knowledge. In this work, we propose and compare several strategies relying on curriculum learning, to support the classification of proximal femur fracture from X-ray images, a challenging problem as reflected by existing intra- and inter-expert disagreement. Our strategies are derived from knowledge such as medical decision trees and inconsistencies in the annotations of multiple experts, which allows us to assign a degree of difficulty to each training sample. We demonstrate that if we start learning "easy" examples and move towards "hard", the model can reach a better performance, even with fewer data. The evaluation is performed on the classification of a clinical dataset of about 1000 X-ray images. Our results show that, compared to class-uniform and random strategies, the proposed medical knowledge-based curriculum, performs up to 15% better in terms of accuracy, achieving the performance of experienced trauma surgeons. 
### 12.PIFuHD: Multi-Level Pixel-Aligned Implicit Function for High-Resolution 3D Human Digitization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00452.pdf)
>  Recent advances in image-based 3D human shape estimation have been driven by the significant improvement in representation power afforded by deep neural networks. Although current approaches have demonstrated the potential in real world settings, they still fail to produce reconstructions with the level of detail often present in the input images. We argue that this limitation stems primarily form two conflicting requirements; accurate predictions require large context, but precise predictions require high resolution. Due to memory limitations in current hardware, previous approaches tend to take low resolution images as input to cover large spatial context, and produce less precise (or low resolution) 3D estimates as a result. We address this limitation by formulating a multi-level architecture that is end-to-end trainable. A coarse level observes the whole image at lower resolution and focuses on holistic reasoning. This provides context to an fine level which estimates highly detailed geometry by observing higher-resolution images. We demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art techniques on single image human shape reconstruction by fully leveraging 1k-resolution input images. 
### 13.Spatio-temporal Tubelet Feature Aggregation and Object Linking in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00451.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of how to exploit spatio-temporal information available in videos to improve the object detection precision. We propose a two stage object detector called FANet based on short-term spatio-temporal feature aggregation to give a first detection set, and long-term object linking to refine these detections. Firstly, we generate a set of short tubelet proposals containing the object in $N$ consecutive frames. Then, we aggregate RoI pooled deep features through the tubelet using a temporal pooling operator that summarizes the information with a fixed size output independent of the number of input frames. On top of that, we define a double head implementation that we feed with spatio-temporal aggregated information for spatio-temporal object classification, and with spatial information extracted from the current frame for object localization and spatial classification. Furthermore, we also specialize each head branch architecture to better perform in each task taking into account the input data. Finally, a long-term linking method builds long tubes using the previously calculated short tubelets to overcome detection errors. We have evaluated our model in the widely used ImageNet VID dataset achieving a 80.9% mAP, which is the new state-of-the-art result for single models. Also, in the challenging small object detection dataset USC-GRAD-STDdb, our proposal outperforms the single frame baseline by 5.4% mAP. 
### 14.Rethinking Data Augmentation for Image Super-resolution: A Comprehensive Analysis and a New Strategy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00448.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is an effective way to improve the performance of deep networks. Unfortunately, current methods are mostly developed for high-level vision tasks (e.g., classification) and few are studied for low-level vision tasks (e.g., image restoration). In this paper, we provide a comprehensive analysis of the existing augmentation methods applied to the super-resolution task. We find that the methods discarding or manipulating the pixels or features too much hamper the image restoration, where the spatial relationship is very important. Based on our analyses, we propose CutBlur that cuts a low-resolution patch and pastes it to the corresponding high-resolution image region and vice versa. The key intuition of CutBlur is to enable a model to learn not only "how" but also "where" to super-resolve an image. By doing so, the model can understand "how much", instead of blindly learning to apply super-resolution to every given pixel. Our method consistently and significantly improves the performance across various scenarios, especially when the model size is big and the data is collected under real-world environments. We also show that our method improves other low-level vision tasks, such as denoising and compression artifact removal. 
### 15.Learning to Cluster Faces via Confidence and Connectivity Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00445.pdf)
>  Face clustering is an essential tool for exploiting the unlabeled face data, and has a wide range of applications including face annotation and retrieval. Recent works show that supervised clustering can result in noticeable performance gain. However, they usually involve heuristic steps and require numerous overlapped subgraphs, severely restricting their accuracy and efficiency. In this paper, we propose a fully learnable clustering framework without requiring a large number of overlapped subgraphs. Instead, we transform the clustering problem into two sub-problems. Specifically, two graph convolutional networks, named GCN-V and GCN-E, are designed to estimate the confidence of vertices and the connectivity of edges, respectively. With the vertex confidence and edge connectivity, we can naturally organize more relevant vertices on the affinity graph and group them into clusters. Experiments on two large-scale benchmarks show that our method significantly improves clustering accuracy and thus performance of the recognition models trained on top, yet it is an order of magnitude more efficient than existing supervised methods. 
### 16.Semantic Drift Compensation for Class-Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00440.pdf)
>  Class-incremental learning of deep networks sequentially increases the number of classes to be classified. During training, the network has only access to data of one task at a time, where each task contains several classes. In this setting, networks suffer from catastrophic forgetting which refers to the drastic drop in performance on previous tasks. The vast majority of methods have studied this scenario for classification networks, where for each new task the classification layer of the network must be augmented with additional weights to make room for the newly added classes. Embedding networks have the advantage that new classes can be naturally included into the network without adding new weights. Therefore, we study incremental learning for embedding networks. In addition, we propose a new method to estimate the drift, called semantic drift, of features and compensate for it without the need of any exemplars. We approximate the drift of previous tasks based on the drift that is experienced by current task data. We perform experiments on fine-grained datasets, CIFAR100 and ImageNet-Subset. We demonstrate that embedding networks suffer significantly less from catastrophic forgetting. We outperform existing methods which do not require exemplars and obtain competitive results compared to methods which store exemplars. Furthermore, we show that our proposed SDC when combined with existing methods to prevent forgetting consistently improves results. 
### 17.Long-tail Visual Relationship Recognition with a Visiolinguistic Hubless Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00436.pdf)
>  Scaling up the vocabulary and complexity of current visual understanding systems is necessary in order to bridge the gap between human and machine visual intelligence. However, a crucial impediment to this end lies in the difficulty of generalizing to data distributions that come from real-world scenarios. Typically such distributions follow Zipf's law which states that only a small portion of the collected object classes will have abundant examples (head); while most classes will contain just a few (tail). In this paper, we propose to study a novel task concerning the generalization of visual relationships that are on the distribution's tail, i.e. we investigate how to help AI systems to better recognize rare relationships like &lt;S:dog, P:riding, O:horse&gt;, where the subject S, predicate P, and/or the object O come from the tail of the corresponding distributions. To achieve this goal, we first introduce two large-scale visual-relationship detection benchmarks built upon the widely used Visual Genome and GQA datasets. We also propose an intuitive evaluation protocol that gives credit to classifiers who prefer concepts that are semantically close to the ground truth class according to wordNet- or word2vec-induced metrics. Finally, we introduce a visiolinguistic version of a Hubless loss which we show experimentally that it consistently encourages classifiers to be more predictive of the tail classes while still being accurate on head classes. Our code and models are available on <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://bit.ly/LTVRR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 18.M2m: Imbalanced Classification via Major-to-minor Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00431.pdf)
>  In most real-world scenarios, labeled training datasets are highly class-imbalanced, where deep neural networks suffer from generalizing to a balanced testing criterion. In this paper, we explore a novel yet simple way to alleviate this issue by augmenting less-frequent classes via translating samples (e.g., images) from more-frequent classes. This simple approach enables a classifier to learn more generalizable features of minority classes, by transferring and leveraging the diversity of the majority information. Our experimental results on a variety of class-imbalanced datasets show that the proposed method improves the generalization on minority classes significantly compared to other existing re-sampling or re-weighting methods. The performance of our method even surpasses those of previous state-of-the-art methods for the imbalanced classification. 
### 19.Image Demoireing with Learnable Bandpass Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00406.pdf)
>  Image demoireing is a multi-faceted image restoration task involving both texture and color restoration. In this paper, we propose a novel multiscale bandpass convolutional neural network (MBCNN) to address this problem. As an end-to-end solution, MBCNN respectively solves the two sub-problems. For texture restoration, we propose a learnable bandpass filter (LBF) to learn the frequency prior for moire texture removal. For color restoration, we propose a two-step tone mapping strategy, which first applies a global tone mapping to correct for a global color shift, and then performs local fine tuning of the color per pixel. Through an ablation study, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the different components of MBCNN. Experimental results on two public datasets show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin (more than 2dB in terms of PSNR). 
### 20.Two-shot Spatially-varying BRDF and Shape Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00403.pdf)
>  Capturing the shape and spatially-varying appearance (SVBRDF) of an object from images is a challenging task that has applications in both computer vision and graphics. Traditional optimization-based approaches often need a large number of images taken from multiple views in a controlled environment. Newer deep learning-based approaches require only a few input images, but the reconstruction quality is not on par with optimization techniques. We propose a novel deep learning architecture with a stage-wise estimation of shape and SVBRDF. The previous predictions guide each estimation, and a joint refinement network later refines both SVBRDF and shape. We follow a practical mobile image capture setting and use unaligned two-shot flash and no-flash images as input. Both our two-shot image capture and network inference can run on mobile hardware. We also create a large-scale synthetic training dataset with domain-randomized geometry and realistic materials. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets show that our network trained on a synthetic dataset can generalize well to real-world images. Comparisons with recent approaches demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed approach. 
### 21.More Grounded Image Captioning by Distilling Image-Text Matching Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00390.pdf)
>  Visual attention not only improves the performance of image captioners, but also serves as a visual interpretation to qualitatively measure the caption rationality and model transparency. Specifically, we expect that a captioner can fix its attentive gaze on the correct objects while generating the corresponding words. This ability is also known as grounded image captioning. However, the grounding accuracy of existing captioners is far from satisfactory. To improve the grounding accuracy while retaining the captioning quality, it is expensive to collect the word-region alignment as strong supervision. To this end, we propose a Part-of-Speech (POS) enhanced image-text matching model (SCAN \cite{lee2018stacked}): POS-SCAN, as the effective knowledge distillation for more grounded image captioning. The benefits are two-fold: 1) given a sentence and an image, POS-SCAN can ground the objects more accurately than SCAN; 2) POS-SCAN serves as a word-region alignment regularization for the captioner's visual attention module. By showing benchmark experimental results, we demonstrate that conventional image captioners equipped with POS-SCAN can significantly improve the grounding accuracy without strong supervision. Last but not the least, we explore the indispensable Self-Critical Sequence Training (SCST) \cite{Rennie_2017_CVPR} in the context of grounded image captioning and show that the image-text matching score can serve as a reward for more grounded captioning \footnote{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YuanEZhou/Grounded-Image-Captioning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 22.Single Image Optical Flow Estimation with an Event Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00347.pdf)
>  Event cameras are bio-inspired sensors that asynchronously report intensity changes in microsecond resolution. DAVIS can capture high dynamics of a scene and simultaneously output high temporal resolution events and low frame-rate intensity images. In this paper, we propose a single image (potentially blurred) and events based optical flow estimation approach. First, we demonstrate how events can be used to improve flow estimates. To this end, we encode the relation between flow and events effectively by presenting an event-based photometric consistency formulation. Then, we consider the special case of image blur caused by high dynamics in the visual environments and show that including the blur formation in our model further constrains flow estimation. This is in sharp contrast to existing works that ignore the blurred images while our formulation can naturally handle either blurred or sharp images to achieve accurate flow estimation. Finally, we reduce flow estimation, as well as image deblurring, to an alternative optimization problem of an objective function using the primal-dual algorithm. Experimental results on both synthetic and real data (with blurred and non-blurred images) show the superiority of our model in comparison to state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 23.Digit Recognition Using Convolution Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00331.pdf)
>  In pattern recognition, digit recognition has always been a very challenging task. This paper aims to extracting a correct feature so that it can achieve better accuracy for recognition of digits. The applications of digit recognition such as in password, bank check process, etc. to recognize the valid user identification. Earlier, several researchers have used various different machine learning algorithms in pattern recognition i.e. KNN, SVM, RFC. The main objective of this work is to obtain highest accuracy 99.15% by using convolution neural network (CNN) to recognize the digit without doing too much pre-processing of dataset. 
### 24.Compressed Volumetric Heatmaps for Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00329.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a novel approach for bottom-up multi-person 3D human pose estimation from monocular RGB images. We propose to use high resolution volumetric heatmaps to model joint locations, devising a simple and effective compression method to drastically reduce the size of this representation. At the core of the proposed method lies our Volumetric Heatmap Autoencoder, a fully-convolutional network tasked with the compression of ground-truth heatmaps into a dense intermediate representation. A second model, the Code Predictor, is then trained to predict these codes, which can be decompressed at test time to re-obtain the original representation. Our experimental evaluation shows that our method performs favorably when compared to state of the art on both multi-person and single-person 3D human pose estimation datasets and, thanks to our novel compression strategy, can process full-HD images at the constant runtime of 8 fps regardless of the number of subjects in the scene. Code and models available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fabbrimatteo/LoCO" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 25.SoftSMPL: Data-driven Modeling of Nonlinear Soft-tissue Dynamics for Parametric Humans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00326.pdf)
>  We present SoftSMPL, a learning-based method to model realistic soft-tissue dynamics as a function of body shape and motion. Datasets to learn such task are scarce and expensive to generate, which makes training models prone to overfitting. At the core of our method there are three key contributions that enable us to model highly realistic dynamics and better generalization capabilities than state-of-the-art methods, while training on the same data. First, a novel motion descriptor that disentangles the standard pose representation by removing subject-specific features; second, a neural-network-based recurrent regressor that generalizes to unseen shapes and motions; and third, a highly efficient nonlinear deformation subspace capable of representing soft-tissue deformations of arbitrary shapes. We demonstrate qualitative and quantitative improvements over existing methods and, additionally, we show the robustness of our method on a variety of motion capture databases. 
### 26.Learning to Select Base Classes for Few-shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00315.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning has attracted intensive research attention in recent years. Many methods have been proposed to generalize a model learned from provided base classes to novel classes, but no previous work studies how to select base classes, or even whether different base classes will result in different generalization performance of the learned model. In this paper, we utilize a simple yet effective measure, the Similarity Ratio, as an indicator for the generalization performance of a few-shot model. We then formulate the base class selection problem as a submodular optimization problem over Similarity Ratio. We further provide theoretical analysis on the optimization lower bound of different optimization methods, which could be used to identify the most appropriate algorithm for different experimental settings. The extensive experiments on ImageNet, Caltech256 and CUB-200-2011 demonstrate that our proposed method is effective in selecting a better base dataset. 
### 27.Towards Achieving Adversarial Robustness by Enforcing Feature Consistency Across Bit Planes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00306.pdf)
>  As humans, we inherently perceive images based on their predominant features, and ignore noise embedded within lower bit planes. On the contrary, Deep Neural Networks are known to confidently misclassify images corrupted with meticulously crafted perturbations that are nearly imperceptible to the human eye. In this work, we attempt to address this problem by training networks to form coarse impressions based on the information in higher bit planes, and use the lower bit planes only to refine their prediction. We demonstrate that, by imposing consistency on the representations learned across differently quantized images, the adversarial robustness of networks improves significantly when compared to a normally trained model. Present state-of-the-art defenses against adversarial attacks require the networks to be explicitly trained using adversarial samples that are computationally expensive to generate. While such methods that use adversarial training continue to achieve the best results, this work paves the way towards achieving robustness without having to explicitly train on adversarial samples. The proposed approach is therefore faster, and also closer to the natural learning process in humans. 
### 28.High-Performance Long-Term Tracking with Meta-Updater  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00305.pdf)
>  Long-term visual tracking has drawn increasing attention because it is much closer to practical applications than short-term tracking. Most top-ranked long-term trackers adopt the offline-trained Siamese architectures, thus, they cannot benefit from great progress of short-term trackers with online update. However, it is quite risky to straightforwardly introduce online-update-based trackers to solve the long-term problem, due to long-term uncertain and noisy observations. In this work, we propose a novel offline-trained Meta-Updater to address an important but unsolved problem: Is the tracker ready for updating in the current frame? The proposed meta-updater can effectively integrate geometric, discriminative, and appearance cues in a sequential manner, and then mine the sequential information with a designed cascaded LSTM module. Our meta-updater learns a binary output to guide the tracker's update and can be easily embedded into different trackers. This work also introduces a long-term tracking framework consisting of an online local tracker, an online verifier, a SiamRPN-based re-detector, and our meta-updater. Numerous experimental results on the VOT2018LT, VOT2019LT, OxUvALT, TLP, and LaSOT benchmarks show that our tracker performs remarkably better than other competing algorithms. Our project is available on the website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Daikenan/LTMU" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 29.Transfer Learning of Photometric Phenotypes in Agriculture Using Metadata  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00303.pdf)
>  Estimation of photometric plant phenotypes (e.g., hue, shine, chroma) in field conditions is important for decisions on the expected yield quality, fruit ripeness, and need for further breeding. Estimating these from images is difficult due to large variances in lighting conditions, shadows, and sensor properties. We combine the image and metadata regarding capturing conditions embedded into a network, enabling more accurate estimation and transfer between different conditions. Compared to a state-of-the-art deep CNN and a human expert, metadata embedding improves the estimation of the tomato's hue and chroma. 
### 30.Evaluation of Model Selection for Kernel Fragment Recognition in Corn Silage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00292.pdf)
>  Model selection when designing deep learning systems for specific use-cases can be a challenging task as many options exist and it can be difficult to know the trade-off between them. Therefore, we investigate a number of state of the art CNN models for the task of measuring kernel fragmentation in harvested corn silage. The models are evaluated across a number of feature extractors and image sizes in order to determine optimal model design choices based upon the trade-off between model complexity, accuracy and speed. We show that accuracy improvements can be made with more complex meta-architectures and speed can be optimised by decreasing the image size with only slight losses in accuracy. Additionally, we show improvements in Average Precision at an Intersection over Union of 0.5 of up to 20 percentage points while also decreasing inference time in comparison to previously published work. This result for better model selection enables opportunities for creating systems that can aid farmers in improving their silage quality while harvesting. 
### 31.CurricularFace: Adaptive Curriculum Learning Loss for Deep Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00288.pdf)
>  As an emerging topic in face recognition, designing margin-based loss functions can increase the feature margin between different classes for enhanced discriminability. More recently, the idea of mining-based strategies is adopted to emphasize the misclassified samples, achieving promising results. However, during the entire training process, the prior methods either do not explicitly emphasize the sample based on its importance that renders the hard samples not fully exploited; or explicitly emphasize the effects of semi-hard/hard samples even at the early training stage that may lead to convergence issue. In this work, we propose a novel Adaptive Curriculum Learning loss (CurricularFace) that embeds the idea of curriculum learning into the loss function to achieve a novel training strategy for deep face recognition, which mainly addresses easy samples in the early training stage and hard ones in the later stage. Specifically, our CurricularFace adaptively adjusts the relative importance of easy and hard samples during different training stages. In each stage, different samples are assigned with different importance according to their corresponding difficultness. Extensive experimental results on popular benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our CurricularFace over the state-of-the-art competitors. 
### 32.Creating Something from Nothing: Unsupervised Knowledge Distillation for Cross-Modal Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00280.pdf)
>  In recent years, cross-modal hashing (CMH) has attracted increasing attentions, mainly because its potential ability of mapping contents from different modalities, especially in vision and language, into the same space, so that it becomes efficient in cross-modal data retrieval. There are two main frameworks for CMH, differing from each other in whether semantic supervision is required. Compared to the unsupervised methods, the supervised methods often enjoy more accurate results, but require much heavier labors in data annotation. In this paper, we propose a novel approach that enables guiding a supervised method using outputs produced by an unsupervised method. Specifically, we make use of teacher-student optimization for propagating knowledge. Experiments are performed on two popular CMH benchmarks, i.e., the MIRFlickr and NUS-WIDE datasets. Our approach outperforms all existing unsupervised methods by a large margin. 
### 33.Graph Structured Network for Image-Text Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00277.pdf)
>  Image-text matching has received growing interest since it bridges vision and language. The key challenge lies in how to learn correspondence between image and text. Existing works learn coarse correspondence based on object co-occurrence statistics, while failing to learn fine-grained phrase correspondence. In this paper, we present a novel Graph Structured Matching Network (GSMN) to learn fine-grained correspondence. The GSMN explicitly models object, relation and attribute as a structured phrase, which not only allows to learn correspondence of object, relation and attribute separately, but also benefits to learn fine-grained correspondence of structured phrase. This is achieved by node-level matching and structure-level matching. The node-level matching associates each node with its relevant nodes from another modality, where the node can be object, relation or attribute. The associated nodes then jointly infer fine-grained correspondence by fusing neighborhood associations at structure-level matching. Comprehensive experiments show that GSMN outperforms state-of-the-art methods on benchmarks, with relative Recall@1 improvements of nearly 7% and 2% on Flickr30K and MSCOCO, respectively. Code will be released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CrossmodalGroup/GSMN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 34.An Efficient Agreement Mechanism in CapsNets By Pairwise Product  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00272.pdf)
>  Capsule networks (CapsNets) are capable of modeling visual hierarchical relationships, which is achieved by the "routing-by-agreement" mechanism. This paper proposes a pairwise agreement mechanism to build capsules, inspired by the feature interactions of factorization machines (FMs). The proposed method has a much lower computation complexity. We further proposed a new CapsNet architecture that combines the strengths of residual networks in representing low-level visual features and CapsNets in modeling the relationships of parts to wholes. We conduct comprehensive experiments to compare the routing algorithms, including dynamic routing, EM routing, and our proposed FM agreement, based on both architectures of original CapsNet and our proposed one, and the results show that our method achieves both excellent performance and efficiency under a variety of situations. 
### 35.Progressive Multi-Stage Learning for Discriminative Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00255.pdf)
>  Visual tracking is typically solved as a discriminative learning problem that usually requires high-quality samples for online model adaptation. It is a critical and challenging problem to evaluate the training samples collected from previous predictions and employ sample selection by their quality to train the model. <br>To tackle the above problem, we propose a joint discriminative learning scheme with the progressive multi-stage optimization policy of sample selection for robust visual tracking. The proposed scheme presents a novel time-weighted and detection-guided self-paced learning strategy for easy-to-hard sample selection, which is capable of tolerating relatively large intra-class variations while maintaining inter-class separability. Such a self-paced learning strategy is jointly optimized in conjunction with the discriminative tracking process, resulting in robust tracking results. Experiments on the benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed learning framework. 
### 36.Pose-guided Visible Part Matching for Occluded Person ReID  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00230.pdf)
>  Occluded person re-identification is a challenging task as the appearance varies substantially with various obstacles, especially in the crowd scenario. To address this issue, we propose a Pose-guided Visible Part Matching (PVPM) method that jointly learns the discriminative features with pose-guided attention and self-mines the part visibility in an end-to-end framework. Specifically, the proposed PVPM includes two key components: 1) pose-guided attention (PGA) method for part feature pooling that exploits more discriminative local features; 2) pose-guided visibility predictor (PVP) that estimates whether a part suffers the occlusion or not. As there are no ground truth training annotations for the occluded part, we turn to utilize the characteristic of part correspondence in positive pairs and self-mining the correspondence scores via graph matching. The generated correspondence scores are then utilized as pseudo-labels for visibility predictor (PVP). Experimental results on three reported occluded benchmarks show that the proposed method achieves competitive performance to state-of-the-art methods. The source codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hh23333/PVPM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 37.Synthesis and Edition of Ultrasound Images via Sketch Guided Progressive Growing GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00226.pdf)
>  Ultrasound (US) is widely accepted in clinic for anatomical structure inspection. However, lacking in resources to practice US scan, novices often struggle to learn the operation skills. Also, in the deep learning era, automated US image analysis is limited by the lack of annotated samples. Efficiently synthesizing realistic, editable and high resolution US images can solve the problems. The task is challenging and previous methods can only partially complete it. In this paper, we devise a new framework for US image synthesis. Particularly, we firstly adopt a sketch generative adversarial networks (Sgan) to introduce background sketch upon object mask in a conditioned generative adversarial network. With enriched sketch cues, Sgan can generate realistic US images with editable and fine-grained structure details. Although effective, Sgan is hard to generate high resolution US images. To achieve this, we further implant the Sgan into a progressive growing scheme (PGSgan). By smoothly growing both generator and discriminator, PGSgan can gradually synthesize US images from low to high resolution. By synthesizing ovary and follicle US images, our extensive perceptual evaluation, user study and segmentation results prove the promising efficacy and efficiency of the proposed PGSgan. 
### 38.Video Anomaly Detection for Smart Surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00222.pdf)
>  In modern intelligent video surveillance systems, automatic anomaly detection through computer vision analytics plays a pivotal role which not only significantly increases monitoring efficiency but also reduces the burden on live monitoring. Anomalies in videos are broadly defined as events or activities that are unusual and signify irregular behavior. The goal of anomaly detection is to temporally or spatially localize the anomaly events in video sequences. Temporal localization (i.e. indicating the start and end frames of the anomaly event in a video) is referred to as frame-level detection. Spatial localization, which is more challenging, means to identify the pixels within each anomaly frame that correspond to the anomaly event. This setting is usually referred to as pixel-level detection. In this paper, we provide a brief overview of the recent research progress on video anomaly detection and highlight a few future research directions. 
### 39.NBDT: Neural-Backed Decision Trees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00221.pdf)
>  Deep learning is being adopted in settings where accurate and justifiable predictions are required, ranging from finance to medical imaging. While there has been recent work providing post-hoc explanations for model predictions, there has been relatively little work exploring more directly interpretable models that can match state-of-the-art accuracy. Historically, decision trees have been the gold standard in balancing interpretability and accuracy. However, recent attempts to combine decision trees with deep learning have resulted in models that (1) achieve accuracies far lower than that of modern neural networks (e.g. ResNet) even on small datasets (e.g. MNIST), and (2) require significantly different architectures, forcing practitioners pick between accuracy and interpretability. We forgo this dilemma by creating Neural-Backed Decision Trees (NBDTs) that (1) achieve neural network accuracy and (2) require no architectural changes to a neural network. NBDTs achieve accuracy within 1% of the base neural network on CIFAR10, CIFAR100, TinyImageNet, using recently state-of-the-art WideResNet; and within 2% of EfficientNet on ImageNet. This yields state-of-the-art explainable models on ImageNet, with NBDTs improving the baseline by ~14% to 75.30% top-1 accuracy. Furthermore, we show interpretability of our model's decisions both qualitatively and quantitatively via a semi-automatic process. Code and pretrained NBDTs can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alvinwan/neural-backed-decision-trees" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 40.BCNet: Learning Body and Cloth Shape from A Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00214.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem to automatically reconstruct both garment and body shapes from a single near front view RGB image. To this end, we propose a layered garment representation on top of SMPL and novelly make the skinning weight of garment to be independent with the body mesh, which significantly improves the expression ability of our garment model. Compared with existing methods, our method can support more garment categories like skirts and recover more accurate garment geometry. To train our model, we construct two large scale datasets with ground truth body and garment geometries as well as paired color images. Compared with single mesh or non-parametric representation, our method can achieve more flexible control with separate meshes, makes applications like re-pose, garment transfer, and garment texture mapping possible. 
### 41.Region Proposal Network with Graph Prior and IoU-Balance Loss for Landmark Detection in 3D Ultrasound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00207.pdf)
>  3D ultrasound (US) can facilitate detailed prenatal examinations for fetal growth monitoring. To analyze a 3D US volume, it is fundamental to identify anatomical landmarks of the evaluated organs accurately. Typical deep learning methods usually regress the coordinates directly or involve heatmap-matching. However, these methods struggle to deal with volumes with large sizes and the highly-varying positions and orientations of fetuses. In this work, we exploit an object detection framework to detect landmarks in 3D fetal facial US volumes. By regressing multiple parameters of the landmark-centered bounding box (B-box) with a strict criteria, the proposed model is able to pinpoint the exact location of the targeted landmarks. Specifically, the model uses a 3D region proposal network (RPN) to generate 3D candidate regions, followed by several 3D classification branches to select the best candidate. It also adopts an IoU-balance loss to improve communications between branches that benefits the learning process. Furthermore, it leverages a distance-based graph prior to regularize the training and helps to reduce false positive predictions. The performance of the proposed framework is evaluated on a 3D US dataset to detect five key fetal facial landmarks. Results showed the proposed method outperforms some of the state-of-the-art methods in efficacy and efficiency. 
### 42.Shared Cross-Modal Trajectory Prediction for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00202.pdf)
>  We propose a framework for predicting future trajectories of traffic agents in highly interactive environments. On the basis of the fact that autonomous driving vehicles are equipped with various types of sensors (e.g., LiDAR scanner, RGB camera, etc.), our work aims to get benefit from the use of multiple input modalities that are complementary to each other. The proposed approach is composed of two stages. (i) feature encoding where we discover motion behavior of the target agent with respect to other directly and indirectly observable influences. We extract such behaviors from multiple perspectives such as in top-down and frontal view. (ii) cross-modal embedding where we embed a set of learned behavior representations into a single cross-modal latent space. We construct a generative model and formulate the objective functions with an additional regularizer specifically designed for future prediction. An extensive evaluation is conducted to show the efficacy of the proposed framework using two benchmark driving datasets. 
### 43.Semi-Supervised Cervical Dysplasia Classification With Learnable Graph Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00191.pdf)
>  Cervical cancer is the second most prevalent cancer affecting women today. As the early detection of cervical carcinoma relies heavily upon screening and pre-clinical testing, digital cervicography has great potential as a primary or auxiliary screening tool, especially in low-resource regions due to its low cost and easy access. Although an automated cervical dysplasia detection system has been desirable, traditional fully-supervised training of such systems requires large amounts of annotated data which are often labor-intensive to collect. To alleviate the need for much manual annotation, we propose a novel graph convolutional network (GCN) based semi-supervised classification model that can be trained with fewer annotations. In existing GCNs, graphs are constructed with fixed features and can not be updated during the learning process. This limits their ability to exploit new features learned during graph convolution. In this paper, we propose a novel and more flexible GCN model with a feature encoder that adaptively updates the adjacency matrix during learning and demonstrate that this model design leads to improved performance. Our experimental results on a cervical dysplasia classification dataset show that the proposed framework outperforms previous methods under a semi-supervised setting, especially when the labeled samples are scarce. 
### 44.Boundary-Aware Dense Feature Indicator for Single-Stage 3D Object Detection from Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00186.pdf)
>  3D object detection based on point clouds has become more and more popular. Some methods propose localizing 3D objects directly from raw point clouds to avoid information loss. However, these methods come with complex structures and significant computational overhead, limiting its broader application in real-time scenarios. Some methods choose to transform the point cloud data into compact tensors first and leverage off-the-shelf 2D detectors to propose 3D objects, which is much faster and achieves state-of-the-art results. However, because of the inconsistency between 2D and 3D data, we argue that the performance of compact tensor-based 3D detectors is restricted if we use 2D detectors without corresponding modification. Specifically, the distribution of point clouds is uneven, with most points gather on the boundary of objects, while detectors for 2D data always extract features evenly. Motivated by this observation, we propose DENse Feature Indicator (DENFI), a universal module that helps 3D detectors focus on the densest region of the point clouds in a boundary-aware manner. Moreover, DENFI is lightweight and guarantees real-time speed when applied to 3D object detectors. Experiments on KITTI dataset show that DENFI improves the performance of the baseline single-stage detector remarkably, which achieves new state-of-the-art performance among previous 3D detectors, including both two-stage and multi-sensor fusion methods, in terms of mAP with a 34FPS detection speed. 
### 45.Spatio-Temporal Action Detection with Multi-Object Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00180.pdf)
>  Spatio-temporal action detection in videos requires localizing the action both spatially and temporally in the form of an "action tube". Nowadays, most spatio-temporal action detection datasets (e.g. UCF101-24, AVA, DALY) are annotated with action tubes that contain a single person performing the action, thus the predominant action detection models simply employ a person detection and tracking pipeline for localization. However, when the action is defined as an interaction between multiple objects, such methods may fail since each bounding box in the action tube contains multiple objects instead of one person. In this paper, we study the spatio-temporal action detection problem with multi-object interaction. We introduce a new dataset that is annotated with action tubes containing multi-object interactions. Moreover, we propose an end-to-end spatio-temporal action detection model that performs both spatial and temporal regression simultaneously. Our spatial regression may enclose multiple objects participating in the action. During test time, we simply connect the regressed bounding boxes within the predicted temporal duration using a simple heuristic. We report the baseline results of our proposed model on this new dataset, and also show competitive results on the standard benchmark UCF101-24 using only RGB input. 
### 46.Knowledge as Priors: Cross-Modal Knowledge Generalization for Datasets without Superior Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00176.pdf)
>  Cross-modal knowledge distillation deals with transferring knowledge from a model trained with superior modalities (Teacher) to another model trained with weak modalities (Student). Existing approaches require paired training examples exist in both modalities. However, accessing the data from superior modalities may not always be feasible. For example, in the case of 3D hand pose estimation, depth maps, point clouds, or stereo images usually capture better hand structures than RGB images, but most of them are expensive to be collected. In this paper, we propose a novel scheme to train the Student in a Target dataset where the Teacher is unavailable. Our key idea is to generalize the distilled cross-modal knowledge learned from a Source dataset, which contains paired examples from both modalities, to the Target dataset by modeling knowledge as priors on parameters of the Student. We name our method "Cross-Modal Knowledge Generalization" and demonstrate that our scheme results in competitive performance for 3D hand pose estimation on standard benchmark datasets. 
### 47.Manifold-Aware CycleGAN for High Resolution Structural-to-DTI Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00173.pdf)
>  Unpaired image-to-image translation has been applied successfully to natural images but has received very little attention for manifold-valued data such as in diffusion tensor imaging (DTI). The non-Euclidean nature of DTI prevents current generative adversarial networks (GANs) from generating plausible images and has mostly limited their application to diffusion MRI scalar maps, such as fractional anisotropy (FA) or mean diffusivity (MD). Even if these scalar maps are clinically useful, they mostly ignore fiber orientations and have, therefore, limited applications for analyzing brain fibers, for instance, impairing fiber tractography. Here, we propose a manifold-aware CycleGAN that learns the generation of high resolution DTI from unpaired T1w images. We formulate the objective as a Wasserstein distance minimization problem of data distributions on a Riemannian manifold of symmetric positive definite 3x3 matrices SPD(3), using adversarial and cycle-consistency losses. To ensure that the generated diffusion tensors lie on the SPD(3) manifold, we exploit the theoretical properties of the exponential and logarithm maps. We demonstrate that, unlike standard GANs, our method is able to generate realistic high resolution DTI that can be used to compute diffusion-based metrics and run fiber tractography algorithms. To evaluate our model's performance, we compute the cosine similarity between the generated tensors principal orientation and their ground truth orientation and the mean squared error (MSE) of their derived FA values. We demonstrate that our method produces up to 8 times better FA MSE than a standard CycleGAN and 30% better cosine similarity than a manifold-aware Wasserstein GAN while synthesizing sharp high resolution DTI. 
### 48.The Edge of Depth: Explicit Constraints between Segmentation and Depth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00171.pdf)
>  In this work we study the mutual benefits of two common computer vision tasks, self-supervised depth estimation and semantic segmentation from images. For example, to help unsupervised monocular depth estimation, constraints from semantic segmentation has been explored implicitly such as sharing and transforming features. In contrast, we propose to explicitly measure the border consistency between segmentation and depth and minimize it in a greedy manner by iteratively supervising the network towards a locally optimal solution. Partially this is motivated by our observation that semantic segmentation even trained with limited ground truth (200 images of KITTI) can offer more accurate border than that of any (monocular or stereo) image-based depth estimation. Through extensive experiments, our proposed approach advances the state of the art on unsupervised monocular depth estimation in the KITTI. 
### 49.Towards Lifelong Self-Supervision For Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00161.pdf)
>  Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation (I2IT) tasks often suffer from lack of data, a problem which self-supervised learning (SSL) has recently been very popular and successful at tackling. Leveraging auxiliary tasks such as rotation prediction or generative colorization, SSL can produce better and more robust representations in a low data regime. Training such tasks along an I2IT task is however computationally intractable as model size and the number of task grow. On the other hand, learning sequentially could incur catastrophic forgetting of previously learned tasks. To alleviate this, we introduce Lifelong Self-Supervision (LiSS) as a way to pre-train an I2IT model (e.g., CycleGAN) on a set of self-supervised auxiliary tasks. By keeping an exponential moving average of past encoders and distilling the accumulated knowledge, we are able to maintain the network's validation performance on a number of tasks without any form of replay, parameter isolation or retraining techniques typically used in continual learning. We show that models trained with LiSS perform better on past tasks, while also being more robust than the CycleGAN baseline to color bias and entity entanglement (when two entities are very close). 
### 50.Deep Semantic Matching with Foreground Detection and Cycle-Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00144.pdf)
>  Establishing dense semantic correspondences between object instances remains a challenging problem due to background clutter, significant scale and pose differences, and large intra-class variations. In this paper, we address weakly supervised semantic matching based on a deep network where only image pairs without manual keypoint correspondence annotations are provided. To facilitate network training with this weaker form of supervision, we 1) explicitly estimate the foreground regions to suppress the effect of background clutter and 2) develop cycle-consistent losses to enforce the predicted transformations across multiple images to be geometrically plausible and consistent. We train the proposed model using the PF-PASCAL dataset and evaluate the performance on the PF-PASCAL, PF-WILLOW, and TSS datasets. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed approach performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 51.Learning Generative Models of Tissue Organization with Supervised GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00140.pdf)
>  A key step in understanding the spatial organization of cells and tissues is the ability to construct generative models that accurately reflect that organization. In this paper, we focus on building generative models of electron microscope (EM) images in which the positions of cell membranes and mitochondria have been densely annotated, and propose a two-stage procedure that produces realistic images using Generative Adversarial Networks (or GANs) in a supervised way. In the first stage, we synthesize a label "image" given a noise "image" as input, which then provides supervision for EM image synthesis in the second stage. The full model naturally generates label-image pairs. We show that accurate synthetic EM images are produced using assessment via (1) shape features and global statistics, (2) segmentation accuracies, and (3) user studies. We also demonstrate further improvements by enforcing a reconstruction loss on intermediate synthetic labels and thus unifying the two stages into one single end-to-end framework. 
### 52.Revisiting Few-shot Activity Detection with Class Similarity Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00137.pdf)
>  Many interesting events in the real world are rare making preannotated machine learning ready videos a rarity in consequence. Thus, temporal activity detection models that are able to learn from a few examples are desirable. In this paper, we present a conceptually simple and general yet novel framework for few-shot temporal activity detection based on proposal regression which detects the start and end time of the activities in untrimmed videos. Our model is end-to-end trainable, takes into account the frame rate differences between few-shot activities and untrimmed test videos, and can benefit from additional few-shot examples. We experiment on three large scale benchmarks for temporal activity detection (ActivityNet1.2, ActivityNet1.3 and THUMOS14 datasets) in a few-shot setting. We also study the effect on performance of different amount of overlap with activities used to pretrain the video classification backbone and propose corrective measures for future works in this domain. Our code will be made available. 
### 53.EOLO: Embedded Object Segmentation only Look Once  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00123.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce an anchor-free and single-shot instance segmentation method, which is conceptually simple with 3 independent branches, fully convolutional and can be used by easily embedding it into mobile and embedded devices. <br>Our method, refer as EOLO, reformulates the instance segmentation problem as predicting semantic segmentation and distinguishing overlapping objects problem, through instance center classification and 4D distance regression on each pixel. Moreover, we propose one effective loss function to deal with sampling a high-quality center of gravity examples and optimization for 4D distance regression, which can significantly improve the mAP performance. Without any bells and whistles, EOLO achieves 27.7$\%$ in mask mAP under IoU50 and reaches 30 FPS on 1080Ti GPU, with a single-model and single-scale training/testing on the challenging COCO2017 dataset. <br>For the first time, we show the different comprehension of instance segmentation in recent methods, in terms of both up-bottom, down-up, and direct-predict paradigms. Then we illustrate our model and present related experiments and results. We hope that the proposed EOLO framework can serve as a fundamental baseline for a single-shot instance segmentation task in Real-time Industrial Scenarios. 
### 54.StyleRig: Rigging StyleGAN for 3D Control over Portrait Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00121.pdf)
>  StyleGAN generates photorealistic portrait images of faces with eyes, teeth, hair and context (neck, shoulders, background), but lacks a rig-like control over semantic face parameters that are interpretable in 3D, such as face pose, expressions, and scene illumination. Three-dimensional morphable face models (3DMMs) on the other hand offer control over the semantic parameters, but lack photorealism when rendered and only model the face interior, not other parts of a portrait image (hair, mouth interior, background). We present the first method to provide a face rig-like control over a pretrained and fixed StyleGAN via a 3DMM. A new rigging network, RigNet is trained between the 3DMM's semantic parameters and StyleGAN's input. The network is trained in a self-supervised manner, without the need for manual annotations. At test time, our method generates portrait images with the photorealism of StyleGAN and provides explicit control over the 3D semantic parameters of the face. 
### 55.Graph Domain Adaptation for Alignment-Invariant Brain Surface Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00074.pdf)
>  The varying cortical geometry of the brain creates numerous challenges for its analysis. Recent developments have enabled learning surface data directly across multiple brain surfaces via graph convolutions on cortical data. However, current graph learning algorithms do fail when brain surface data are misaligned across subjects, thereby affecting their ability to deal with data from multiple domains. Adversarial training is widely used for domain adaptation to improve the segmentation performance across domains. In this paper, adversarial training is exploited to learn surface data across inconsistent graph alignments. This novel approach comprises a segmentator that uses a set of graph convolution layers to enable parcellation directly across brain surfaces in a source domain, and a discriminator that predicts a graph domain from segmentations. More precisely, the proposed adversarial network learns to generalize a parcellation across both, source and target domains. We demonstrate an 8% mean improvement in performance over a non-adversarial training strategy applied on multiple target domains extracted from MindBoggle, the largest publicly available manually-labeled brain surface dataset. 
### 56.Conditional Channel Gated Networks for Task-Aware Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00070.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks experience catastrophic forgetting when optimized on a sequence of learning problems: as they meet the objective of the current training examples, their performance on previous tasks drops drastically. In this work, we introduce a novel framework to tackle this problem with conditional computation. We equip each convolutional layer with task-specific gating modules, selecting which filters to apply on the given input. This way, we achieve two appealing properties. Firstly, the execution patterns of the gates allow to identify and protect important filters, ensuring no loss in the performance of the model for previously learned tasks. Secondly, by using a sparsity objective, we can promote the selection of a limited set of kernels, allowing to retain sufficient model capacity to digest new tasks.Existing solutions require, at test time, awareness of the task to which each example belongs to. This knowledge, however, may not be available in many practical scenarios. Therefore, we additionally introduce a task classifier that predicts the task label of each example, to deal with settings in which a task oracle is not available. We validate our proposal on four continual learning datasets. Results show that our model consistently outperforms existing methods both in the presence and the absence of a task oracle. Notably, on Split SVHN and Imagenet-50 datasets, our model yields up to 23.98% and 17.42% improvement in accuracy w.r.t. competing methods. 
### 57.HOPE-Net: A Graph-based Model for Hand-Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00060.pdf)
>  Hand-object pose estimation (HOPE) aims to jointly detect the poses of both a hand and of a held object. In this paper, we propose a lightweight model called HOPE-Net which jointly estimates hand and object pose in 2D and 3D in real-time. Our network uses a cascade of two adaptive graph convolutional neural networks, one to estimate 2D coordinates of the hand joints and object corners, followed by another to convert 2D coordinates to 3D. Our experiments show that through end-to-end training of the full network, we achieve better accuracy for both the 2D and 3D coordinate estimation problems. The proposed 2D to 3D graph convolution-based model could be applied to other 3D landmark detection problems, where it is possible to first predict the 2D keypoints and then transform them to 3D. 
### 58.In-Domain GAN Inversion for Real Image Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00049.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown that a variety of controllable semantics emerges in the latent space of the Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) when being trained to synthesize images. However, it is difficult to use these learned semantics for real image editing. A common practice of feeding a real image to a trained GAN generator is to invert it back to a latent code. However, we find that existing inversion methods typically focus on reconstructing the target image by pixel values yet fail to land the inverted code in the semantic domain of the original latent space. As a result, the reconstructed image cannot well support semantic editing through varying the latent code. To solve this problem, we propose an in-domain GAN inversion approach, which not only faithfully reconstructs the input image but also ensures the inverted code to be semantically meaningful for editing. We first learn a novel domain-guided encoder to project any given image to the native latent space of GANs. We then propose a domain-regularized optimization by involving the encoder as a regularizer to fine-tune the code produced by the encoder, which better recovers the target image. Extensive experiments suggest that our inversion method achieves satisfying real image reconstruction and more importantly facilitates various image editing tasks, such as image interpolation and semantic manipulation, significantly outperforming start-of-the-arts. 
### 59.PointAR: Efficient Lighting Estimation for Mobile Augmented Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00006.pdf)
>  We propose an efficient lighting estimation pipeline that is suitable to run on modern mobile devices, with comparable resource complexities to state-of-the-art on-device deep learning models. Our pipeline, referred to as PointAR, takes a single RGB-D image captured from the mobile camera and a 2D location in that image, and estimates a 2nd order spherical harmonics coefficients which can be directly utilized by rendering engines for indoor lighting in the context of augmented reality. Our key insight is to formulate the lighting estimation as a learning problem directly from point clouds, which is in part inspired by the Monte Carlo integration leveraged by real-time spherical harmonics lighting. While existing approaches estimate lighting information with complex deep learning pipelines, our method focuses on reducing the computational complexity. Through both quantitative and qualitative experiments, we demonstrate that PointAR achieves lower lighting estimation errors compared to state-of-the-art methods. Further, our method requires an order of magnitude lower resource, comparable to that of mobile-specific DNNs. 
### 60.Sign Language Translation with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00588.pdf)
>  Sign Language Translation (SLT) first uses a Sign Language Recognition (SLR) system to extract sign language glosses from videos. Then, a translation system generates spoken language translations from the sign language glosses. Though SLT has gathered interest recently, little study has been performed on the translation system. This paper focuses on the translation system and improves performance by utilizing Transformer networks. We report a wide range of experimental results for various Transformer setups and introduce the use of Spatial-Temporal Multi-Cue (STMC) networks in an end-to-end SLT system with Transformer. <br>We perform experiments on RWTH-PHOENIX-Weather 2014T, a challenging SLT benchmark dataset of German sign language, and ASLG-PC12, a dataset involving American Sign Language (ASL) recently used in gloss-to-text translation. Our methodology improves on the current state-of-the-art by over 5 and 7 points respectively in BLEU-4 score on ground truth glosses and by using an STMC network to predict glosses of the RWTH-PHOENIX-Weather 2014T dataset. On the ASLG-PC12 corpus, we report an improvement of over 16 points in BLEU-4. Our findings also demonstrate that end-to-end translation on predicted glosses provides even better performance than translation on ground truth glosses. This shows potential for further improvement in SLT by either jointly training the SLR and translation systems or by revising the gloss annotation system. 
### 61.Self-Augmentation: Generalizing Deep Networks to Unseen Classes for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00251.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning aims to classify unseen classes with a few training examples. While recent works have shown that standard mini-batch training with a carefully designed training strategy can improve generalization ability for unseen classes, well-known problems in deep networks such as memorizing training statistics have been less explored for few-shot learning. To tackle this issue, we propose self-augmentation that consolidates regional dropout and self-distillation. Specifically, we exploit a data augmentation technique called regional dropout, in which a patch of an image is substituted into other values. Then, we employ a backbone network that has auxiliary branches with its own classifier to enforce knowledge sharing. Lastly, we present a fine-tuning method to further exploit a few training examples for unseen classes. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for prevalent few-shot benchmarks and improves the generalization ability. 
### 62.MetaPoison: Practical General-purpose Clean-label Data Poisoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00225.pdf)
>  Data poisoning--the process by which an attacker takes control of a model by making imperceptible changes to a subset of the training data--is an emerging threat in the context of neural networks. Existing attacks for data poisoning have relied on hand-crafted heuristics. Instead, we pose crafting poisons more generally as a bi-level optimization problem, where the inner level corresponds to training a network on a poisoned dataset and the outer level corresponds to updating those poisons to achieve a desired behavior on the trained model. We then propose MetaPoison, a first-order method to solve this optimization quickly. MetaPoison is effective: it outperforms previous clean-label poisoning methods by a large margin under the same setting. MetaPoison is robust: its poisons transfer to a variety of victims with unknown hyperparameters and architectures. MetaPoison is also general-purpose, working not only in fine-tuning scenarios, but also for end-to-end training from scratch with remarkable success, e.g. causing a target image to be misclassified 90% of the time via manipulating just 1% of the dataset. Additionally, MetaPoison can achieve arbitrary adversary goals not previously possible--like using poisons of one class to make a target image don the label of another arbitrarily chosen class. Finally, MetaPoison works in the real-world. We demonstrate successful data poisoning of models trained on Google Cloud AutoML Vision. Code and premade poisons are provided at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wronnyhuang/metapoison" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 63.3D Deep Learning on Medical Images: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00218.pdf)
>  The rapid advancements in machine learning, graphics processing technologies and availability of medical imaging data has led to a rapid increase in use of machine learning models in the medical domain. This was exacerbated by the rapid advancements in convolutional neural network (CNN) based architectures, which were adopted by the medical imaging community to assist clinicians in disease diagnosis. Since the grand success of AlexNet in 2012, CNNs have been increasingly used in medical image analysis to improve the efficiency of human clinicians. In recent years, three-dimensional (3D) CNNs have been employed for analysis of medical images. In this paper, we trace the history of how the 3D CNN was developed from its machine learning roots, brief mathematical description of 3D CNN and the preprocessing steps required for medical images before feeding them to 3D CNNs. We review the significant research in the field of 3D medical imaging analysis using 3D CNNs (and its variants) in different medical areas such as classification, segmentation, detection, and localization. We conclude by discussing the challenges associated with the use of 3D CNNs in the medical imaging domain (and the use of deep learning models, in general) and possible future trends in the field. 
### 64.A theory of independent mechanisms for extrapolation in generative models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.00184.pdf)
>  Deep generative models reproduce complex empirical data but cannot extrapolate to novel environments. An intuitive idea to promote extrapolation capabilities is to enforce the architecture to have the modular structure of a causal graphical model, where one can intervene on each module independently of the others in the graph. We develop a framework to formalize this intuition, using the principle of Independent Causal Mechanisms, and show how over-parameterization of generative neural networks can hinder extrapolation capabilities. Our experiments on the generation of human faces shows successive layers of a generator architecture implement independent mechanisms to some extent, allowing meaningful extrapolations. Finally, we illustrate that independence of mechanisms may be enforced during training to improve extrapolation. 
