# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 27 Apr 2020
### 1.Revisiting Modulated Convolutions for Visual Counting and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11883.pdf)
>  This paper targets at visual counting, where the setup is to estimate the total number of occurrences in a natural image given an input query (e.g. a question or a category). Most existing work for counting focuses on explicit, symbolic models that iteratively examine relevant regions to arrive at the final number, mimicking the intuitive process specifically for counting. However, such models can be computationally expensive, and more importantly place a limit on their generalization to other reasoning tasks. In this paper, we propose a simple and effective alternative for visual counting by revisiting modulated convolutions that fuse query and image locally. The modulation is performed on a per-bottleneck basis by fusing query representations with input convolutional feature maps of that residual bottleneck. Therefore, we call our method MoVie, short for Modulated conVolutional bottleneck. Notably, MoVie reasons implicitly and holistically for counting and only needs a single forward-pass during inference. Nevertheless, MoVie showcases strong empirical performance. First, it significantly advances the state-of-the-art accuracies on multiple counting-specific Visual Question Answering (VQA) datasets (i.e., HowMany-QA and TallyQA). Moreover, it also works on common object counting, outperforming prior-art on difficult benchmarks like COCO. Third, integrated as a module, MoVie can be used to improve number-related questions for generic VQA models. Finally, we find MoVie achieves similar, near-perfect results on CLEVR and competitive ones on GQA, suggesting modulated convolutions as a mechanism can be useful for more general reasoning tasks beyond counting.      
### 2.Learning Gaussian Maps for Dense Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11855.pdf)
>  Object detection is a famous branch of research in computer vision, many state of the art object detection algorithms have been introduced in the recent past, but how good are those object detectors when it comes to dense object detection? In this paper we review common and highly accurate object detection methods on the scenes where numerous similar looking objects are placed in close proximity with each other. We also show that, multi-task learning of gaussian maps along with classification and bounding box regression gives us a significant boost in accuracy over the baseline. We introduce Gaussian Layer and Gaussian Decoder in the existing RetinaNet network for better accuracy in dense scenes, with the same computational cost as the RetinaNet. We show the gain of 6\% and 5\% in mAP with respect to baseline RetinaNet. Our method also achieves the state of the art accuracy on the SKU110K \cite{sku110k} dataset.      
### 3.DFUC2020: Analysis Towards Diabetic Foot Ulcer Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11853.pdf)
>  Every 20 seconds, a limb is amputated somewhere in the world due to diabetes. This is a global health problem that requires a global solution. The MICCAI challenge discussed in this paper, which concerns the detection of diabetic foot ulcers, will accelerate the development of innovative healthcare technology to address this unmet medical need. In an effort to improve patient care and reduce the strain on healthcare systems, recent research has focused on the creation of cloud-based detection algorithms that can be consumed as a service by a mobile app that patients (or a carer, partner or family member) could use themselves to monitor their condition and to detect the appearance of a diabetic foot ulcer (DFU). Collaborative work between Manchester Metropolitan University, Lancashire Teaching Hospital and the Manchester University NHS Foundation Trust has created a repository of 4000 DFU images for the purpose of supporting research toward more advanced methods of DFU detection. Based on a joint effort involving the lead scientists of the UK, US, India and New Zealand, this challenge will solicit original work, and promote interactions between researchers and interdisciplinary collaborations. This paper presents a dataset description and analysis, assessment methods, benchmark algorithms and initial evaluation results. It facilitates the challenge by providing useful insights into state-of-the-art and ongoing research.      
### 4.Deep learning for smart fish farming: applications, opportunities and challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11848.pdf)
>  With the rapid emergence of deep learning (DL) technology, it has been successfully used in various fields including aquaculture. This change can create new opportunities and a series of challenges for information and data processing in smart fish farming. This paper focuses on the applications of DL in aquaculture, including live fish identification, species classification, behavioral analysis, feeding decision-making, size or biomass estimation, water quality prediction. In addition, the technical details of DL methods applied to smart fish farming are also analyzed, including data, algorithms, computing power, and performance. The results of this review show that the most significant contribution of DL is the ability to automatically extract features. However, challenges still exist; DL is still in an era of weak artificial intelligence. A large number of labeled data are needed for training, which has become a bottleneck restricting further DL applications in aquaculture. Nevertheless, DL still offers breakthroughs in the handling of complex data in aquaculture. In brief, our purpose is to provide researchers and practitioners with a better understanding of the current state of the art of DL in aquaculture, which can provide strong support for the implementation of smart fish farming.      
### 5.Analysis of Social Media Data using Multimodal Deep Learning for Disaster Response  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11838.pdf)
>  Multimedia content in social media platforms provides significant information during disaster events. The types of information shared include reports of injured or deceased people, infrastructure damage, and missing or found people, among others. Although many studies have shown the usefulness of both text and image content for disaster response purposes, the research has been mostly focused on analyzing only the text modality in the past. In this paper, we propose to use both text and image modalities of social media data to learn a joint representation using state-of-the-art deep learning techniques. Specifically, we utilize convolutional neural networks to define a multimodal deep learning architecture with a modality-agnostic shared representation. Extensive experiments on real-world disaster datasets show that the proposed multimodal architecture yields better performance than models trained using a single modality (e.g., either text or image).      
### 6.Detecting Unsigned Physical Road Incidents from Driver-View Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11824.pdf)
>  Safety on roads is of uttermost importance, especially in the context of autonomous vehicles. A critical need is to detect and communicate disruptive incidents early and effectively. In this paper we propose a system based on an off-the-shelf deep neural network architecture that is able to detect and recognize types of unsigned (non-placarded, such as traffic signs), physical (visible in images) road incidents. We develop a taxonomy for unsigned physical incidents to provide a means of organizing and grouping related incidents. After selecting eight target types of incidents, we collect a dataset of twelve thousand images gathered from publicly-available web sources. We subsequently fine-tune a convolutional neural network to recognize the eight types of road incidents. The proposed model is able to recognize incidents with a high level of accuracy (higher than 90%). We further show that while our system generalizes well across spatial context by training a classifier on geostratified data in the United Kingdom (with an accuracy of over 90%), the translation to visually less similar environments requires spatially distributed data collection. <br>Note: this is a pre-print version of work accepted in IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Vehicles (T-IV;in press). The paper is currently in production, and the DOI link will be added soon.      
### 7.Facial Expression Recognition with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11823.pdf)
>  One of the most universal ways that people communicate is through facial expressions. In this paper, we take a deep dive, implementing multiple deep learning models for facial expression recognition (FER). Our goals are twofold: we aim not only to maximize accuracy, but also to apply our results to the real-world. By leveraging numerous techniques from recent research, we demonstrate a state-of-the-art 75.8% accuracy on the FER2013 test set, outperforming all existing publications. Additionally, we showcase a mobile web app which runs our FER models on-device in real time.      
### 8.3D Human Pose Estimation using Spatio-Temporal Networks with Explicit Occlusion Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11822.pdf)
>  Estimating 3D poses from a monocular video is still a challenging task, despite the significant progress that has been made in recent years. Generally, the performance of existing methods drops when the target person is too small/large, or the motion is too fast/slow relative to the scale and speed of the training data. Moreover, to our knowledge, many of these methods are not designed or trained under severe occlusion explicitly, making their performance on handling occlusion compromised. Addressing these problems, we introduce a spatio-temporal network for robust 3D human pose estimation. As humans in videos may appear in different scales and have various motion speeds, we apply multi-scale spatial features for 2D joints or keypoints prediction in each individual frame, and multi-stride temporal convolutional net-works (TCNs) to estimate 3D joints or keypoints. Furthermore, we design a spatio-temporal discriminator based on body structures as well as limb motions to assess whether the predicted pose forms a valid pose and a valid movement. During training, we explicitly mask out some keypoints to simulate various occlusion cases, from minor to severe occlusion, so that our network can learn better and becomes robust to various degrees of occlusion. As there are limited 3D ground-truth data, we further utilize 2D video data to inject a semi-supervised learning capability to our network. Experiments on public datasets validate the effectiveness of our method, and our ablation studies show the strengths of our networkś individual submodules.      
### 9.Decoupling Global and Local Representations from/for Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11820.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a new generative model that is capable of automatically decoupling global and local representations of images in an entirely unsupervised setting. The proposed model utilizes the variational auto-encoding framework to learn a (low-dimensional) vector of latent variables to capture the global information of an image, which is fed as a conditional input to a flow-based invertible decoder with architecture borrowed from style transfer literature. Experimental results on standard image benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our model in terms of density estimation, image generation and unsupervised representation learning. Importantly, this work demonstrates that with only architectural inductive biases, a generative model with a plain log-likelihood objective is capable of learning decoupled representations, requiring no explicit supervision. The code for our model is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XuezheMax/wolf" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Domain Adaptive Transfer Attack (DATA)-based Segmentation Networks for Building Extraction from Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11819.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation models based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have gained much attention in relation to remote sensing and have achieved remarkable performance for the extraction of buildings from high-resolution aerial images. However, the issue of limited generalization for unseen images remains. When there is a domain gap between the training and test datasets, CNN-based segmentation models trained by a training dataset fail to segment buildings for the test dataset. In this paper, we propose segmentation networks based on a domain adaptive transfer attack (DATA) scheme for building extraction from aerial images. The proposed system combines the domain transfer and adversarial attack concepts. Based on the DATA scheme, the distribution of the input images can be shifted to that of the target images while turning images into adversarial examples against a target network. Defending adversarial examples adapted to the target domain can overcome the performance degradation due to the domain gap and increase the robustness of the segmentation model. Cross-dataset experiments and the ablation study are conducted for the three different datasets: the Inria aerial image labeling dataset, the Massachusetts building dataset, and the WHU East Asia dataset. Compared to the performance of the segmentation network without the DATA scheme, the proposed method shows improvements in the overall IoU. Moreover, it is verified that the proposed method outperforms even when compared to feature adaptation (FA) and output space adaptation (OSA).      
### 11.Deep Interleaved Network for Image Super-Resolution With Asymmetric Co-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11814.pdf)
>  Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) based image super-resolution (SR) have shown significant success in the literature. However, these methods are implemented as single-path stream to enrich feature maps from the input for the final prediction, which fail to fully incorporate former low-level features into later high-level features. In this paper, to tackle this problem, we propose a deep interleaved network (DIN) to learn how information at different states should be combined for image SR where shallow information guides deep representative features prediction. Our DIN follows a multi-branch pattern allowing multiple interconnected branches to interleave and fuse at different states. Besides, the asymmetric co-attention (AsyCA) is proposed and attacked to the interleaved nodes to adaptively emphasize informative features from different states and improve the discriminative ability of networks. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our proposed DIN in comparison with the state-of-the-art SR methods.      
### 12.Applications of the Streaming Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11805.pdf)
>  Most recently Streaming Networks (STnets) have been introduced as a mechanism of robust noise-corrupted images classification. STnets is a family of convolutional neural networks, which consists of multiple neural networks (streams), which have different inputs and their outputs are concatenated and fed into a single joint classifier. The original paper has illustrated how STnets can successfully classify images from Cifar10, EuroSat and UCmerced datasets, when images were corrupted with various levels of random zero noise. In this paper, we demonstrate that STnets are capable of high accuracy classification of images corrupted with Gaussian noise, fog, snow, etc. (Cifar10 corrupted dataset) and low light images (subset of Carvana dataset). We also introduce a new type of STnets called Hybrid STnets. Thus, we illustrate that STnets is a universal tool of image classification when original training dataset is corrupted with noise or other transformations, which lead to information loss from original images.      
### 13.Deep Face Forgery Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11804.pdf)
>  Rapid progress in deep learning is continuously making it easier and cheaper to generate video forgeries. Hence, it becomes very important to have a reliable way of detecting these forgeries. This paper describes such an approach for various tampering scenarios. The problem is modelled as a per-frame binary classification task. We propose to use transfer learning from face recognition task to improve tampering detection on many different facial manipulation scenarios. Furthermore, in low resolution settings, where single frame detection performs poorly, we try to make use of neighboring frames for middle frame classification. We evaluate both approaches on the public FaceForensics benchmark, achieving state of the art accuracy.      
### 14.Scan-based Semantic Segmentation of LiDAR Point Clouds: An Experimental Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11803.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles need to have a semantic understanding of the three-dimensional world around them in order to reason about their environment. State of the art methods use deep neural networks to predict semantic classes for each point in a LiDAR scan. A powerful and efficient way to process LiDAR measurements is to use two-dimensional, image-like projections. In this work, we perform a comprehensive experimental study of image-based semantic segmentation architectures for LiDAR point clouds. We demonstrate various techniques to boost the performance and to improve runtime as well as memory constraints. <br>First, we examine the effect of network size and suggest that much faster inference times can be achieved at a very low cost to accuracy. Next, we introduce an improved point cloud projection technique that does not suffer from systematic occlusions. We use a cyclic padding mechanism that provides context at the horizontal field-of-view boundaries. In a third part, we perform experiments with a soft Dice loss function that directly optimizes for the intersection-over-union metric. Finally, we propose a new kind of convolution layer with a reduced amount of weight-sharing along one of the two spatial dimensions, addressing the large difference in appearance along the vertical axis of a LiDAR scan. We propose a final set of the above methods with which the model achieves an increase of 3.2% in mIoU segmentation performance over the baseline while requiring only 42% of the original inference time.      
### 15.DPDist : Comparing Point Clouds Using Deep Point Cloud Distance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11784.pdf)
>  We introduce a new deep learning method for point cloud comparison. Our approach, named Deep Point Cloud Distance (DPDist), measures the distance between the points in one cloud and the estimated surface from which the other point cloud is sampled. The surface is estimated locally and efficiently using the 3D modified Fisher vector representation. The local representation reduces the complexity of the surface, enabling efficient and effective learning, which generalizes well between object categories. We test the proposed distance in challenging tasks, such as similar object comparison and registration, and show that it provides significant improvements over commonly used distances such as Chamfer distance, Earth mover's distance, and others.      
### 16.Quantization of Deep Neural Networks for Accumulator-constrained Processors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11783.pdf)
>  We introduce an Artificial Neural Network (ANN) quantization methodology for platforms without wide accumulation registers. This enables fixed-point model deployment on embedded compute platforms that are not specifically designed for large kernel computations (i.e. accumulator-constrained processors). We formulate the quantization problem as a function of accumulator size, and aim to maximize the model accuracy by maximizing bit width of input data and weights. To reduce the number of configurations to consider, only solutions that fully utilize the available accumulator bits are being tested. We demonstrate that 16-bit accumulators are able to obtain a classification accuracy within 1\% of the floating-point baselines on the CIFAR-10 and ILSVRC2012 image classification benchmarks. Additionally, a near-optimal $2\times$ speedup is obtained on an ARM processor, by exploiting 16-bit accumulators for image classification on the All-CNN-C and AlexNet networks.      
### 17.GAPS: Generator for Automatic Polynomial Solvers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11765.pdf)
>  Minimal problems in computer vision raise the demand of generating efficient automatic solvers for polynomial equation systems. Given a polynomial system repeated with different coefficient instances, the traditional Gröbner basis or normal form based solution is very inefficient. Fortunately the Gröbner basis of a same polynomial system with different coefficients is found to share consistent inner structure. By precomputing such structures offline, Gröbner basis as well as the polynomial system solutions can be solved automatically and efficiently online. In the past decade, several tools have been released to generate automatic solvers for a general minimal problems. The most recent tool autogen from Larsson et al. is a representative of these tools with state-of-the-art performance in solver efficiency. GAPS wraps and improves autogen with more user-friendly interface, more functionality and better stability. We demonstrate in this report the main approach and enhancement features of GAPS. A short tutorial of the software is also included.      
### 18.Ultra Fast Structure-aware Deep Lane Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11757.pdf)
>  Modern methods mainly regard lane detection as a problem of pixel-wise segmentation, which is struggling to address the problem of challenging scenarios and speed. Inspired by human perception, the recognition of lanes under severe occlusion and extreme lighting conditions is mainly based on contextual and global information. Motivated by this observation, we propose a novel, simple, yet effective formulation aiming at extremely fast speed and challenging scenarios. Specifically, we treat the process of lane detection as a row-based selecting problem using global features. With the help of row-based selecting, our formulation could significantly reduce the computational cost. Using a large receptive field on global features, we could also handle the challenging scenarios. Moreover, based on the formulation, we also propose a structural loss to explicitly model the structure of lanes. Extensive experiments on two lane detection benchmark datasets show that our method could achieve the state-of-the-art performance in terms of both speed and accuracy. A light-weight version could even achieve 300+ frames per second with the same resolution, which is at least 4x faster than previous state-of-the-art methods. Our code will be made publicly available.      
### 19.PipeNet: Selective Modal Pipeline of Fusion Network for Multi-Modal Face Anti-Spoofing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11744.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing has become an increasingly important and critical security feature for authentication systems, due to rampant and easily launchable presentation attacks. Addressing the shortage of multi-modal face dataset, CASIA recently released the largest up-to-date CASIA-SURF Cross-ethnicity Face Anti-spoofing(CeFA) dataset, covering 3 ethnicities, 3 modalities, 1607 subjects, and 2D plus 3D attack types in four protocols, and focusing on the challenge of improving the generalization capability of face anti-spoofing in cross-ethnicity and multi-modal continuous data. In this paper, we propose a novel pipeline-based multi-stream CNN architecture called PipeNet for multi-modal face anti-spoofing. Unlike previous works, Selective Modal Pipeline (SMP) is designed to enable a customized pipeline for each data modality to take full advantage of multi-modal data. Limited Frame Vote (LFV) is designed to ensure stable and accurate prediction for video classification. The proposed method wins the third place in the final ranking of Chalearn Multi-modal Cross-ethnicity Face Anti-spoofing Recognition Challenge@CVPR2020. Our final submission achieves the Average Classification Error Rate (ACER) of 2.21 with Standard Deviation of 1.26 on the test set.      
### 20.A Two-Stage Multiple Instance Learning Framework for the Detection of Breast Cancer in Mammograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11726.pdf)
>  Mammograms are commonly employed in the large scale screening of breast cancer which is primarily characterized by the presence of malignant masses. However, automated image-level detection of malignancy is a challenging task given the small size of the mass regions and difficulty in discriminating between malignant, benign mass and healthy dense fibro-glandular tissue. To address these issues, we explore a two-stage Multiple Instance Learning (MIL) framework. A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is trained in the first stage to extract local candidate patches in the mammograms that may contain either a benign or malignant mass. The second stage employs a MIL strategy for an image level benign vs. malignant classification. A global image-level feature is computed as a weighted average of patch-level features learned using a CNN. Our method performed well on the task of localization of masses with an average Precision/Recall of 0.76/0.80 and acheived an average AUC of 0.91 on the imagelevel classification task using a five-fold cross-validation on the INbreast dataset. Restricting the MIL only to the candidate patches extracted in Stage 1 led to a significant improvement in classification performance in comparison to a dense extraction of patches from the entire mammogram.      
### 21.Learning Decision Ensemble using a Graph Neural Network for Comorbidity Aware Chest Radiograph Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11721.pdf)
>  Chest radiographs are primarily employed for the screening of cardio, thoracic and pulmonary conditions. Machine learning based automated solutions are being developed to reduce the burden of routine screening on Radiologists, allowing them to focus on critical cases. While recent efforts demonstrate the use of ensemble of deep convolutional neural networks(CNN), they do not take disease comorbidity into consideration, thus lowering their screening performance. To address this issue, we propose a Graph Neural Network (GNN) based solution to obtain ensemble predictions which models the dependencies between different diseases. A comprehensive evaluation of the proposed method demonstrated its potential by improving the performance over standard ensembling technique across a wide range of ensemble constructions. The best performance was achieved using the GNN ensemble of DenseNet121 with an average AUC of 0.821 across thirteen disease comorbidities.      
### 22.A Systematic Search over Deep Convolutional Neural Network Architectures for Screening Chest Radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11693.pdf)
>  Chest radiographs are primarily employed for the screening of pulmonary and cardio-/thoracic conditions. Being undertaken at primary healthcare centers, they require the presence of an on-premise reporting Radiologist, which is a challenge in low and middle income countries. This has inspired the development of machine learning based automation of the screening process. While recent efforts demonstrate a performance benchmark using an ensemble of deep convolutional neural networks (CNN), our systematic search over multiple standard CNN architectures identified single candidate CNN models whose classification performances were found to be at par with ensembles. Over 63 experiments spanning 400 hours, executed on a 11:3 FP32 TensorTFLOPS compute system, we found the Xception and ResNet-18 architectures to be consistent performers in identifying co-existing disease conditions with an average AUC of 0.87 across nine pathologies. We conclude on the reliability of the models by assessing their saliency maps generated using the randomized input sampling for explanation (RISE) method and qualitatively validating them against manual annotations locally sourced from an experienced Radiologist. We also draw a critical note on the limitations of the publicly available CheXpert dataset primarily on account of disparity in class distribution in training vs. testing sets, and unavailability of sufficient samples for few classes, which hampers quantitative reporting due to sample insufficiency.      
### 23.Understanding when spatial transformer networks do not support invariance, and what to do about it  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11678.pdf)
>  Spatial transformer networks (STNs) were designed to enable convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to learn invariance to image transformations. STNs were originally proposed to transform CNN feature maps as well as input images. This enables the use of more complex features when predicting transformation parameters. However, since STNs perform a purely spatial transformation, they do not, in the general case, have the ability to align the feature maps of a transformed image with those of its original. STNs are therefore unable to support invariance when transforming CNN feature maps. We present a simple proof for this and study the practical implications, showing that this inability is coupled with decreased classification accuracy. We therefore investigate alternative STN architectures that make use of complex features. We find that while deeper localization networks are difficult to train, localization networks that share parameters with the classification network remain stable as they grow deeper, which allows for higher classification accuracy on difficult datasets. Finally, we explore the interaction between localization network complexity and iterative image alignment.      
### 24.Disentangled and Controllable Face Image Generation via 3D Imitative-Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11660.pdf)
>  We propose an approach for face image generation of virtual people with disentangled, precisely-controllable latent representations for identity of non-existing people, expression, pose, and illumination. We embed 3D priors into adversarial learning and train the network to imitate the image formation of an analytic 3D face deformation and rendering process. To deal with the generation freedom induced by the domain gap between real and rendered faces, we further introduce contrastive learning to promote disentanglement by comparing pairs of generated images. Experiments show that through our imitative-contrastive learning, the factor variations are very well disentangled and the properties of a generated face can be precisely controlled. We also analyze the learned latent space and present several meaningful properties supporting factor disentanglement. Our method can also be used to embed real images into the disentangled latent space. We hope our method could provide new understandings of the relationship between physical properties and deep image synthesis.      
### 25.Any Motion Detector: Learning Class-agnostic Scene Dynamics from a Sequence of LiDAR Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11647.pdf)
>  Object detection and motion parameters estimation are crucial tasks for self-driving vehicle safe navigation in a complex urban environment. In this work we propose a novel real-time approach of temporal context aggregation for motion detection and motion parameters estimation based on 3D point cloud sequence. We introduce an ego-motion compensation layer to achieve real-time inference with performance comparable to a naive odometric transform of the original point cloud sequence. Not only is the proposed architecture capable of estimating the motion of common road participants like vehicles or pedestrians but also generalizes to other object categories which are not present in training data. We also conduct an in-deep analysis of different temporal context aggregation strategies such as recurrent cells and 3D convolutions. Finally, we provide comparison results of our state-of-the-art model with existing solutions on KITTI Scene Flow dataset.      
### 26.A Survey on Visual Sentiment Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11639.pdf)
>  Visual Sentiment Analysis aims to understand how images affect people, in terms of evoked emotions. Although this field is rather new, over the last years, a broad range of techniques have been developed for various data sources and problems, resulting in a large body of research. This paper reviews pertinent publications and tries to present an exhaustive e view of the field. After a description of the task and the related applications, the subject is tackled under different main headings. The paper also describes principles of design of general Visual Sentiment Analysis systems from three main points of view: emotional models, dataset definition, feature design. A formalization of the problem is discussed, considering different levels of granularity, as well as the components that can affect the sentiment toward an image in different ways. To this aim, this paper considers a structured formalization of the problem which is usually used for the analysis of text, and discusses it's suitability in the context of Visual Sentiment Analysis. The paper also includes a description of new challenges, the evaluation from the viewpoint of progress toward more sophisticated systems and related practical applications, as well as a summary of the insights resulting from this study.      
### 27.Dynamic Sampling for Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11624.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning maps visually similar images onto nearby locations and visually dissimilar images apart from each other in an embedding manifold. The learning process is mainly based on the supplied image negative and positive training pairs. In this paper, a dynamic sampling strategy is proposed to organize the training pairs in an easy-to-hard order to feed into the network. It allows the network to learn general boundaries between categories from the easy training pairs at its early stages and finalize the details of the model mainly relying on the hard training samples in the later. Compared to the existing training sample mining approaches, the hard samples are mined with little harm to the learned general model. This dynamic sampling strategy is formularized as two simple terms that are compatible with various loss functions. Consistent performance boost is observed when it is integrated with several popular loss functions on fashion search, fine-grained classification, and person re-identification tasks.      
### 28.Low-latency hand gesture recognition with a low resolution thermal imager  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11623.pdf)
>  Using hand gestures to answer a call or to control the radio while driving a car, is nowadays an established feature in more expensive cars. High resolution time-of-flight cameras and powerful embedded processors usually form the heart of these gesture recognition systems. This however comes with a price tag. We therefore investigate the possibility to design an algorithm that predicts hand gestures using a cheap low-resolution thermal camera with only 32x24 pixels, which is light-weight enough to run on a low-cost processor. We recorded a new dataset of over 1300 video clips for training and evaluation and propose a light-weight low-latency prediction algorithm. Our best model achieves 95.9% classification accuracy and 83% mAP detection accuracy while its processing pipeline has a latency of only one frame.      
### 29.Vision based hardware-software real-time control system for autonomous landing of an UAV  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11612.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a vision based hardware-software control system enabling autonomous landing of a multirotor unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). It allows the detection of a marked landing pad in real-time for a 1280 x 720 @ 60 fps video stream. In addition, a LiDAR sensor is used to measure the altitude above ground. A heterogeneous Zynq SoC device is used as the computing platform. The solution was tested on a number of sequences and the landing pad was detected with 96% accuracy. This research shows that a reprogrammable heterogeneous computing system is a good solution for UAVs because it enables real-time data stream processing with relatively low energy consumption.      
### 30.Deep 3D Portrait from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11598.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a learning-based approach for recovering the 3D geometry of human head from a single portrait image. Our method is learned in an unsupervised manner without any ground-truth 3D data. <br>We represent the head geometry with a parametric 3D face model together with a depth map for other head regions including hair and ear. A two-step geometry learning scheme is proposed to learn 3D head reconstruction from in-the-wild face images, where we first learn face shape on single images using self-reconstruction and then learn hair and ear geometry using pairs of images in a stereo-matching fashion. The second step is based on the output of the first to not only improve the accuracy but also ensure the consistency of overall head geometry. <br>We evaluate the accuracy of our method both in 3D and with pose manipulation tasks on 2D images. We alter pose based on the recovered geometry and apply a refinement network trained with adversarial learning to ameliorate the reprojected images and translate them to the real image domain. Extensive evaluations and comparison with previous methods show that our new method can produce high-fidelity 3D head geometry and head pose manipulation results.      
### 31.Deep Global Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11540.pdf)
>  We present Deep Global Registration, a differentiable framework for pairwise registration of real-world 3D scans. Deep global registration is based on three modules: a 6-dimensional convolutional network for correspondence confidence prediction, a differentiable Weighted Procrustes algorithm for closed-form pose estimation, and a robust gradient-based SE(3) optimizer for pose refinement. Experiments demonstrate that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods, both learning-based and classical, on real-world data.      
### 32.Systematic Evaluation of Backdoor Data Poisoning Attacks on Image Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11514.pdf)
>  Backdoor data poisoning attacks have recently been demonstrated in computer vision research as a potential safety risk for machine learning (ML) systems. Traditional data poisoning attacks manipulate training data to induce unreliability of an ML model, whereas backdoor data poisoning attacks maintain system performance unless the ML model is presented with an input containing an embedded "trigger" that provides a predetermined response advantageous to the adversary. Our work builds upon prior backdoor data-poisoning research for ML image classifiers and systematically assesses different experimental conditions including types of trigger patterns, persistence of trigger patterns during retraining, poisoning strategies, architectures (ResNet-50, NasNet, NasNet-Mobile), datasets (Flowers, CIFAR-10), and potential defensive regularization techniques (Contrastive Loss, Logit Squeezing, Manifold Mixup, Soft-Nearest-Neighbors Loss). Experiments yield four key findings. First, the success rate of backdoor poisoning attacks varies widely, depending on several factors, including model architecture, trigger pattern and regularization technique. Second, we find that poisoned models are hard to detect through performance inspection alone. Third, regularization typically reduces backdoor success rate, although it can have no effect or even slightly increase it, depending on the form of regularization. Finally, backdoors inserted through data poisoning can be rendered ineffective after just a few epochs of additional training on a small set of clean data without affecting the model's performance.      
### 33.What Can Be Transferred: Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Endoscopic Lesions Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11500.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation has attracted growing research attention on semantic segmentation. However, 1) most existing models cannot be directly applied into lesions transfer of medical images, due to the diverse appearances of same lesion among different datasets; 2) equal attention has been paid into all semantic representations instead of neglecting irrelevant knowledge, which leads to negative transfer of untransferable knowledge. To address these challenges, we develop a new unsupervised semantic transfer model including two complementary modules (i.e., T_D and T_F ) for endoscopic lesions segmentation, which can alternatively determine where and how to explore transferable domain-invariant knowledge between labeled source lesions dataset (e.g., gastroscope) and unlabeled target diseases dataset (e.g., enteroscopy). Specifically, T_D focuses on where to translate transferable visual information of medical lesions via residual transferability-aware bottleneck, while neglecting untransferable visual characterizations. Furthermore, T_F highlights how to augment transferable semantic features of various lesions and automatically ignore untransferable representations, which explores domain-invariant knowledge and in return improves the performance of T_D. To the end, theoretical analysis and extensive experiments on medical endoscopic dataset and several non-medical public datasets well demonstrate the superiority of our proposed model.      
### 34.Mining self-similarity: Label super-resolution with epitomic representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11498.pdf)
>  We show that simple patch-based models, such as epitomes, can have superior performance to the current state of the art in semantic segmentation and label super-resolution, which uses deep convolutional neural networks. We derive a new training algorithm for epitomes which allows, for the first time, learning from very large data sets and derive a label super-resolution algorithm as a statistical inference algorithm over epitomic representations. We illustrate our methods on land cover mapping and medical image analysis tasks.      
### 35.Roof material classification from aerial imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11482.pdf)
>  This paper describes an algorithm for classification of roof materials using aerial photographs. Main advantages of the algorithm are proposed methods to improve prediction accuracy. Proposed methods includes: method of converting ImageNet weights of neural networks for using multi-channel images; special set of features of second level models that are used in addition to specific predictions of neural networks; special set of image augmentations that improve training accuracy. In addition, complete flow for solving this problem is proposed. The following content is available in open access: solution code, weight sets and architecture of the used neural networks. The proposed solution achieved second place in the competition "Open AI Caribbean Challenge".      
### 36.Gabriella: An Online System for Real-Time Activity Detection in Untrimmed Surveillance Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11475.pdf)
>  Activity detection in surveillance videos is a difficult problem due to multiple factors such as large field of view, presence of multiple activities, varying scales and viewpoints, and its untrimmed nature. The existing research in activity detection is mainly focused on datasets, such as UCF-101, JHMDB, THUMOS, and AVA, which partially address these issues. The requirement of processing the surveillance videos in real-time makes this even more challenging. In this work we propose Gabriella, a real-time online system to perform activity detection on untrimmed surveillance videos. The proposed method consists of three stages: tubelet extraction, activity classification, and online tubelet merging. For tubelet extraction, we propose a localization network which takes a video clip as input and spatio-temporally detects potential foreground regions at multiple scales to generate action tubelets. We propose a novel Patch-Dice loss to handle large variations in actor size. Our online processing of videos at a clip level drastically reduces the computation time in detecting activities. The detected tubelets are assigned activity class scores by the classification network and merged together using our proposed Tubelet-Merge Action-Split (TMAS) algorithm to form the final action detections. The TMAS algorithm efficiently connects the tubelets in an online fashion to generate action detections which are robust against varying length activities. We perform our experiments on the VIRAT and MEVA (Multiview Extended Video with Activities) datasets and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach in terms of speed (~100 fps) and performance with state-of-the-art results. The code and models will be made publicly available.      
### 37.YOLO and K-Means Based 3D Object Detection Method on Image and Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11465.pdf)
>  Lidar based 3D object detection and classification tasks are essential for automated driving(AD). A Lidar sensor can provide the 3D point coud data reconstruction of the surrounding environment. But the detection in 3D point cloud still needs a strong algorithmic challenge. This paper consists of three parts.(1)Lidar-camera calib. (2)YOLO, based detection and PointCloud extraction, (3) k-means based point cloud segmentation. In our research, Camera can capture the image to make the Real-time 2D Object Detection by using YOLO, I transfer the bounding box to node whose function is making 3d object detection on point cloud data from Lidar. By comparing whether 2D coordinate transferred from the 3D point is in the object bounding box or not, and doing a k-means clustering can achieve High-speed 3D object recognition function in GPU.      
### 38.Debiasing Skin Lesion Datasets and Models? Not So Fast  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11457.pdf)
>  Data-driven models are now deployed in a plethora of real-world applications - including automated diagnosis - but models learned from data risk learning biases from that same data. When models learn spurious correlations not found in real-world situations, their deployment for critical tasks, such as medical decisions, can be catastrophic. In this work we address this issue for skin-lesion classification models, with two objectives: finding out what are the spurious correlations exploited by biased networks, and debiasing the models by removing such spurious correlations from them. We perform a systematic integrated analysis of 7 visual artifacts (which are possible sources of biases exploitable by networks), employ a state-of-the-art technique to prevent the models from learning spurious correlations, and propose datasets to test models for the presence of bias. We find out that, despite interesting results that point to promising future research, current debiasing methods are not ready to solve the bias issue for skin-lesion models.      
### 39.Style Your Face Morph and Improve Your Face Morphing Attack Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11435.pdf)
>  A morphed face image is a synthetically created image that looks so similar to the faces of two subjects that both can use it for verification against a biometric verification system. It can be easily created by aligning and blending face images of the two subjects. In this paper, we propose a style transfer based method that improves the quality of morphed face images. It counters the image degeneration during the creation of morphed face images caused by blending. We analyze different state of the art face morphing attack detection systems regarding their performance against our improved morphed face images and other methods that improve the image quality. All detection systems perform significantly worse, when first confronted with our improved morphed face images. Most of them can be enhanced by adding our quality improved morphs to the training data, which further improves the robustness against other means of quality improvement.      
### 40.Conditional Variational Image Deraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11373.pdf)
>  Image deraining is an important yet challenging image processing task. Though deterministic image deraining methods are developed with encouraging performance, they are infeasible to learn flexible representations for probabilistic inference and diverse predictions. Besides, rain intensity varies both in spatial locations and across color channels, making this task more difficult. In this paper, we propose a Conditional Variational Image Deraining (CVID) network for better deraining performance, leveraging the exclusive generative ability of Conditional Variational Auto-Encoder (CVAE) on providing diverse predictions for the rainy image. To perform spatially adaptive deraining, we propose a spatial density estimation (SDE) module to estimate a rain density map for each image. Since rain density varies across different color channels, we also propose a channel-wise (CW) deraining scheme. Experiments on synthesized and real-world datasets show that the proposed CVID network achieves much better performance than previous deterministic methods on image deraining. Extensive ablation studies validate the effectiveness of the proposed SDE module and CW scheme in our CVID network. The code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Yingjun-Du/VID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 41.Optic disc and fovea localisation in ultra-widefield scanning laser ophthalmoscope images captured in multiple modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11691.pdf)
>  We propose a convolutional neural network for localising the centres of the optic disc (OD) and fovea in ultra-wide field of view scanning laser ophthalmoscope (UWFoV-SLO) images of the retina. Images captured in both reflectance and autofluorescence (AF) modes, and central pole and eyesteered gazes, were used. The method achieved an OD localisation accuracy of 99.4% within one OD radius, and fovea localisation accuracy of 99.1% within one OD radius on a test set comprising of 1790 images. The performance of fovea localisation in AF images was comparable to the variation between human annotators at this task. The laterality of the image (whether the image is of the left or right eye) was inferred from the OD and fovea coordinates with an accuracy of 99.9%      
### 42.Automated diagnosis of COVID-19 with limited posteroanterior chest X-ray images using fine-tuned deep neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11676.pdf)
>  The novel coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) is a respiratory syndrome that resembles pneumonia. The current diagnostic procedure of COVID-19 follows reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) based approach which however is less sensitive to identify the virus at the initial stage. Hence, a more robust and alternate diagnosis technique is desirable. Recently, with the release of publicly available datasets of corona positive patients comprising of computed tomography (CT) and chest X-ray (CXR) imaging; scientists, researchers and healthcare experts are contributing for faster and automated diagnosis of COVID-19 by identifying pulmonary infections using deep learning approaches to achieve better cure and treatment. These datasets have limited samples concerned with the positive COVID-19 cases, which raise the challenge for unbiased learning. Following from this context, this article presents the random oversampling and weighted class loss function approach for unbiased fine-tuned learning (transfer learning) in various state-of-the-art deep learning approaches such as baseline ResNet, Inception-v3, Inception ResNet-v2, DenseNet169, and NASNetLarge to perform binary classification (as normal and COVID-19 cases) and also multi-class classification (as COVID-19, pneumonia, and normal case) of posteroanterior CXR images. Accuracy, precision, recall, loss, and area under the curve (AUC) are utilized to evaluate the performance of the models. Considering the experimental results, the performance of each model is scenario dependent; however, NASNetLarge displayed better scores in contrast to other architectures. This article also added the visual explanation to illustrate the basis of model classification and perception of COVID-19 in CXR images.      
### 43.YCB-M: A Multi-Camera RGB-D Dataset for Object Recognition and 6DoF Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11657.pdf)
>  While a great variety of 3D cameras have been introduced in recent years, most publicly available datasets for object recognition and pose estimation focus on one single camera. In this work, we present a dataset of 32 scenes that have been captured by 7 different 3D cameras, totaling 49,294 frames. This allows evaluating the sensitivity of pose estimation algorithms to the specifics of the used camera and the development of more robust algorithms that are more independent of the camera model. Vice versa, our dataset enables researchers to perform a quantitative comparison of the data from several different cameras and depth sensing technologies and evaluate their algorithms before selecting a camera for their specific task. The scenes in our dataset contain 20 different objects from the common benchmark YCB object and model set [1], [2]. We provide full ground truth 6DoF poses for each object, per-pixel segmentation, 2D and 3D bounding boxes and a measure of the amount of occlusion of each object. We have also performed an initial evaluation of the cameras using our dataset on a state-of-the-art object recognition and pose estimation system [3].      
### 44.Convolution-Weight-Distribution Assumption: Rethinking the Criteria of Channel Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11627.pdf)
>  Channel pruning is one of the most important techniques for compressing neural networks with convolutional filters. However, in our study, we find strong similarities among some primary pruning criteria proposed in recent years. The sequence of filters'"importance" in a convolutional layer according to these criteria are almost the same, resulting in similar pruned structures. This finding can be explained by our assumption that the trained convolutional filters approximately follow a Gaussian-alike distribution, which is demonstrated through systematic and comprehensive statistical tests. Under this assumption, the similarity of these criteria is theoretically proved. Moreover, we also find that if the network has too much redundancy(exists a large number of filters in each convolutional layer), then these criteria can not distinguish the "importance" of the filters. This phenomenon is due to that the convolutional layer will form a special geometric structure when redundancy is large enough and our assumption holds: for every pair of filters in one layer, (1)Their $\ell_2$ norm are equivalent; (2)They are equidistant; (3)and they are orthogonal. The full appendix is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dedekinds/CWDA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.A Review of an Old Dilemma: Demosaicking First, or Denoising First?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11577.pdf)
>  Image denoising and demosaicking are the most important early stages in digital camera pipelines. They constitute a severely ill-posed problem that aims at reconstructing a full color image from a noisy color filter array (CFA) image. In most of the literature, denoising and demosaicking are treated as two independent problems, without considering their interaction, or asking which should be applied first. Several recent works have started addressing them jointly in works that involve heavy weight CNNs, thus incompatible with low power portable imaging devices. Hence, the question of how to combine denoising and demosaicking to reconstruct full color images remains very relevant: Is denoising to be applied first, or should that be demosaicking first? In this paper, we review the main variants of these strategies and carry-out an extensive evaluation to find the best way to reconstruct full color images from a noisy mosaic. We conclude that demosaicking should applied first, followed by denoising. Yet we prove that this requires an adaptation of classic denoising algorithms to demosaicked noise, which we justify and specify.      
### 46.Deep Feature-preserving Normal Estimation for Point Cloud Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11563.pdf)
>  Point cloud filtering, the main bottleneck of which is removing noise (outliers) while preserving geometric features, is a fundamental problem in 3D field. The two-step schemes involving normal estimation and position update have been shown to produce promising results. Nevertheless, the current normal estimation methods including optimization ones and deep learning ones, often either have limited automation or cannot preserve sharp features. In this paper, we propose a novel feature-preserving normal estimation method for point cloud filtering with preserving geometric features. It is a learning method and thus achieves automatic prediction for normals. For training phase, we first generate patch based samples which are then fed to a classification network to classify feature and non-feature points. We finally train the samples of feature and non-feature points separately, to achieve decent results. Regarding testing, given a noisy point cloud, its normals can be automatically estimated. For further point cloud filtering, we iterate the above normal estimation and a current position update algorithm for a few times. Various experiments demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art normal estimation methods and point cloud filtering techniques, in terms of both quality and quantity.      
### 47.Dropout as an Implicit Gating Mechanism For Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11545.pdf)
>  In recent years, neural networks have demonstrated an outstanding ability to achieve complex learning tasks across various domains. However, they suffer from the "catastrophic forgetting" problem when they face a sequence of learning tasks, where they forget the old ones as they learn new tasks. This problem is also highly related to the "stability-plasticity dilemma". The more plastic the network, the easier it can learn new tasks, but the faster it also forgets previous ones. Conversely, a stable network cannot learn new tasks as fast as a very plastic network. However, it is more reliable to preserve the knowledge it has learned from the previous tasks. Several solutions have been proposed to overcome the forgetting problem by making the neural network parameters more stable, and some of them have mentioned the significance of dropout in continual learning. However, their relationship has not been sufficiently studied yet. In this paper, we investigate this relationship and show that a stable network with dropout learns a gating mechanism such that for different tasks, different paths of the network are active. Our experiments show that the stability achieved by this implicit gating plays a very critical role in leading to performance comparable to or better than other involved continual learning algorithms to overcome catastrophic forgetting.      
### 48.Automatic low-bit hybrid quantization of neural networks through meta learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11506.pdf)
>  Model quantization is a widely used technique to compress and accelerate deep neural network (DNN) inference, especially when deploying to edge or IoT devices with limited computation capacity and power consumption budget. The uniform bit width quantization across all the layers is usually sub-optimal and the exploration of hybrid quantization for different layers is vital for efficient deep compression. In this paper, we employ the meta learning method to automatically realize low-bit hybrid quantization of neural networks. A MetaQuantNet, together with a Quantization function, are trained to generate the quantized weights for the target DNN. Then, we apply a genetic algorithm to search the best hybrid quantization policy that meets compression constraints. With the best searched quantization policy, we subsequently retrain or finetune to further improve the performance of the quantized target network. Extensive experiments demonstrate the performance of searched hybrid quantization scheme surpass that of uniform bitwidth counterpart. Compared to the existing reinforcement learning (RL) based hybrid quantization search approach that relies on tedious explorations, our meta learning approach is more efficient and effective for any compression requirements since the MetaQuantNet only needs be trained once.      
### 49.Adversarial Machine Learning: An Interpretation Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11488.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the significant advances of machine learning in a wide spectrum of applications. However, machine learning models, especially deep neural networks, have been recently found to be vulnerable to carefully-crafted input called adversarial samples. The difference between normal and adversarial samples is almost imperceptible to human. Many work have been proposed to study adversarial attack and defense in different scenarios. An intriguing and crucial aspect among those work is to understand the essential cause of model vulnerability, which requires in-depth exploration of another concept in machine learning models, i.e., interpretability. Interpretable machine learning tries to extract human-understandable terms for the working mechanism of models, which also receives a lot of attention from both academia and industry. Recently, an increasing number of work start to incorporate interpretation into the exploration of adversarial robustness. Furthermore, we observe that many previous work of adversarial attacking, although did not mention it explicitly, can be regarded as natural extension of interpretation. In this paper, we review recent work on adversarial attack and defense, particularly, from the perspective of machine learning interpretation. We categorize interpretation into two types, according to whether it focuses on raw features or model components. For each type of interpretation, we elaborate on how it could be used in attacks, or defense against adversaries. After that, we briefly illustrate other possible correlations between the two domains. Finally, we discuss the challenges and future directions along tackling adversary issues with interpretation.      
### 50.Pill Identification using a Mobile Phone App for Assessing Medication Adherence and Post-Market Drug Surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11479.pdf)
>  Objectives: Medication non-adherence is an important factor in clinical practice and research methodology. There have been many methods of measuring adherence yet no recognized standard for adherence. Here we conduct a software study of the usefulness and efficacy of a mobile phone app to measure medication adherence using photographs taken by a phone app of medications and self-reported health measures. <br>Results: The participants were asked by the app 'would help to keep track of your medication', their response indicated 92.9% felt the app 'would you use this app every day' to improve their medication adherence. The subjects were also asked by the app if they 'would photograph their pills on a daily basis'. Subject responses indicated 63% would use the app on a daily basis. By using the data collected, we determined that subjects who used the app on daily basis were more likely to adhere to the prescribed regimen. <br>Conclusions: Pill photographs are a useful measure of adherence, allowing more accurate time measures and more frequent adherence assessment. Given the ubiquity of mobile telephone use, and the relative ease of this adherence measurement method, we believe it is a useful and cost-effective approach. However we feel the 'manual' nature of using the phone for taking a photograph of a pill has individual variability and an 'automatic' method is needed to reduce data inconsistency.      
### 51.Upgrading the Newsroom: An Automated Image Selection System for News Articles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11449.pdf)
>  We propose an automated image selection system to assist photo editors in selecting suitable images for news articles. The system fuses multiple textual sources extracted from news articles and accepts multilingual inputs. It is equipped with char-level word embeddings to help both modeling morphologically rich languages, e.g. German, and transferring knowledge across nearby languages. The text encoder adopts a hierarchical self-attention mechanism to attend more to both keywords within a piece of text and informative components of a news article. We extensively experiment with our system on a large-scale text-image database containing multimodal multilingual news articles collected from Swiss local news media websites. The system is compared with multiple baselines with ablation studies and is shown to beat existing text-image retrieval methods in a weakly-supervised learning setting. Besides, we also offer insights on the advantage of using multiple textual sources and multilingual data.      
### 52.Device-based Image Matching with Similarity Learning by Convolutional Neural Networks that Exploit the Underlying Camera Sensor Pattern Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.11443.pdf)
>  One of the challenging problems in digital image forensics is the capability to identify images that are captured by the same camera device. This knowledge can help forensic experts in gathering intelligence about suspects by analyzing digital images. In this paper, we propose a two-part network to quantify the likelihood that a given pair of images have the same source camera, and we evaluated it on the benchmark Dresden data set containing 1851 images from 31 different cameras. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first ones addressing the challenge of device-based image matching. Though the proposed approach is not yet forensics ready, our experiments show that this direction is worth pursuing, achieving at this moment 85 percent accuracy. This ongoing work is part of the EU-funded project 4NSEEK concerned with forensics against child sexual abuse.      
### 53.LRTD: Long-Range Temporal Dependency based Active Learning for Surgical Workflow Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.09845.pdf)
>  Automatic surgical workflow recognition in video is an essentially fundamental yet challenging problem for developing computer-assisted and robotic-assisted surgery. Existing approaches with deep learning have achieved remarkable performance on analysis of surgical videos, however, heavily relying on large-scale labelled datasets. Unfortunately, the annotation is not often available in abundance, because it requires the domain knowledge of surgeons. In this paper, we propose a novel active learning method for cost-effective surgical video analysis. Specifically, we propose a non-local recurrent convolutional network (NL-RCNet), which introduces non-local block to capture the long-range temporal dependency (LRTD) among continuous frames. We then formulate an intra-clip dependency score to represent the overall dependency within this clip. By ranking scores among clips in unlabelled data pool, we select the clips with weak dependencies to annotate, which indicates the most informative ones to better benefit network training. We validate our approach on a large surgical video dataset (Cholec80) by performing surgical workflow recognition task. By using our LRTD based selection strategy, we can outperform other state-of-the-art active learning methods. Using only up to 50% of samples, our approach can exceed the performance of full-data training.      
