# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 21 Dec 2018
### 1.Steerable $e$PCA  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08789.pdf)
>  In photon-limited imaging, the pixel intensities are affected by photon count noise. Many applications, such as 3-D reconstruction using correlation analysis in X-ray free electron laser (XFEL) single molecule imaging, require an accurate estimation of the covariance of the underlying 2-D clean images. Accurate estimation of the covariance from low-photon count images must take into account that pixel intensities are Poisson distributed, rendering the sub-optimality of the classical sample covariance estimator. Moreover, in single molecule imaging, including in-plane rotated copies of all images could further improve the accuracy of covariance estimation. In this paper we introduce an efficient and accurate algorithm for covariance matrix estimation of count noise 2-D images, including their uniform planar rotations and possibly reflection. Our procedure, {\em steerable $e$PCA}, combines in a novel way two recently introduced innovations. The first is a methodology for principal component analysis (PCA) for Poisson distributions, and more generally, exponential family distributions, called $e$PCA. The second is steerable PCA, a fast and accurate procedure for including all planar rotations for PCA. The resulting principal components are invariant to the rotation and reflection of the input images. We demonstrate the efficiency and accuracy of steerable $e$PCA in numerical experiments involving simulated XFEL datasets. 
### 2.Deep Metric Transfer for Label Propagation with Limited Annotated Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08781.pdf)
>  We study object recognition under the constraint that each object class is only represented by very few observations. In such cases, naive supervised learning would lead to severe over-fitting in deep neural networks due to limited training data. We tackle this problem by creating much more training data through label propagation from the few labeled examples to a vast collection of unannotated images. Our main insight is that such a label propagation scheme can be highly effective when the similarity metric used for propagation is learned and transferred from other related domains with lots of data. We test our approach on semi-supervised learning, transfer learning and few-shot recognition, where we learn our similarity metric using various supervised/unsupervised pretraining methods, and transfer it to unlabeled data across different data distributions. By taking advantage of unlabeled data in this way, we achieve significant improvements on all three tasks. Notably, our approach outperforms current state-of-the-art techniques by an absolute $20\%$ for semi-supervised learning on CIFAR10, $10\%$ for transfer learning from ImageNet to CIFAR10, and $6\%$ for few-shot recognition on mini-ImageNet, when labeled examples are limited. 
### 3.Deep Paper Gestalt  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08775.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed a significant increase in the number of paper submissions to computer vision conferences. The sheer volume of paper submissions and the insufficient number of competent reviewers cause a considerable burden for the current peer review system. In this paper, we learn a classifier to predict whether a paper should be accepted or rejected based solely on the visual appearance of the paper (i.e., the gestalt of a paper). Experimental results show that our classifier can safely reject 50% of the bad papers while wrongly reject only 0.4% of the good papers, and thus dramatically reduce the workload of the reviewers. We also provide tools for providing suggestions to authors so that they can improve the gestalt of their papers. 
### 4.Subsurface structure analysis using computational interpretation and learning: A visual signal processing perspective  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08756.pdf)
>  Understanding Earth&#39;s subsurface structures has been and continues to be an essential component of various applications such as environmental monitoring, carbon sequestration, and oil and gas exploration. By viewing the seismic volumes that are generated through the processing of recorded seismic traces, researchers were able to learn from applying advanced image processing and computer vision algorithms to effectively analyze and understand Earth&#39;s subsurface structures. In this paper, first, we summarize the recent advances in this direction that relied heavily on the fields of image processing and computer vision. Second, we discuss the challenges in seismic interpretation and provide insights and some directions to address such challenges using emerging machine learning algorithms. 
### 5.DeepFakes: a New Threat to Face Recognition? Assessment and Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08685.pdf)
>  It is becoming increasingly easy to automatically replace a face of one person in a video with the face of another person by using a pre-trained generative adversarial network (GAN). Recent public scandals, e.g., the faces of celebrities being swapped onto pornographic videos, call for automated ways to detect these Deepfake videos. To help developing such methods, in this paper, we present the first publicly available set of Deepfake videos generated from videos of VidTIMIT database. We used open source software based on GANs to create the Deepfakes, and we emphasize that training and blending parameters can significantly impact the quality of the resulted videos. To demonstrate this impact, we generated videos with low and high visual quality (320 videos each) using differently tuned parameter sets. We showed that the state of the art face recognition systems based on VGG and Facenet neural networks are vulnerable to Deepfake videos, with 85.62% and 95.00% false acceptance rates respectively, which means methods for detecting Deepfake videos are necessary. By considering several baseline approaches, we found that audio-visual approach based on lip-sync inconsistency detection was not able to distinguish Deepfake videos. The best performing method, which is based on visual quality metrics and is often used in presentation attack detection domain, resulted in 8.97% equal error rate on high quality Deepfakes. Our experiments demonstrate that GAN-generated Deepfake videos are challenging for both face recognition systems and existing detection methods, and the further development of face swapping technology will make it even more so. 
### 6.Nocaps: novel object captioning at scale  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08658.pdf)
>  Image captioning models have achieved impressive results on datasets containing limited visual concepts and large amounts of paired image-caption training data. However, if these models are to ever function in the wild, a much larger variety of visual concepts must be learned, ideally from less supervision. To encourage the development of image captioning models that can learn visual concepts from alternative data sources, such as object detection datasets, we present the first large-scale benchmark for this task. Dubbed &#39;nocaps&#39;, for novel object captioning at scale, our benchmark consists of 166,100 human-generated captions describing 15,100 images from the Open Images validation and test sets. The associated training data consists of COCO image-caption pairs, plus Open Images image-level labels and object bounding boxes. Since Open Images contains many more classes than COCO, more than 500 object classes seen in test images have no training captions (hence, nocaps). We evaluate several existing approaches to novel object captioning on our challenging benchmark. In automatic evaluations these approaches show modest improvements over a strong baseline trained only on image-caption data. However, even when using ground-truth object detections, the results are significantly weaker than our human baseline - indicating substantial room for improvement. 
### 7.Automated detection of block falls in the north polar region of Mars  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08624.pdf)
>  We developed a change detection method for the identification of ice block falls using NASA&#39;s HiRISE images of the north polar scarps on Mars. Our method is based on a Support Vector Machine (SVM), trained using Histograms of Oriented Gradients (HOG), and on blob detection. The SVM detects potential new blocks between a set of images; the blob detection, then, confirms the identification of a block inside the area indicated by the SVM and derives the shape of the block. The results from the automatic analysis were compared with block statistics from visual inspection. We tested our method in 6 areas consisting of 1000x1000 pixels, where several hundreds of blocks were identified. The results for the given test areas produced a true positive rate of ~75% for blocks with sizes larger than 0.7 m (i.e., approx. 3 times the available ground pixel size) and a false discovery rate of ~8.5%. Using blob detection we also recover the size of each block within 3 pixels of their actual size. 
### 8.Computational Anatomy for Multi-Organ Analysis in Medical Imaging: A Review  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08577.pdf)
>  The medical image analysis field has traditionally been focused on the development of organ-, and disease-specific methods. Recently, the interest in the development of more 20 comprehensive computational anatomical models has grown, leading to the creation of multi-organ models. Multi-organ approaches, unlike traditional organ-specific strategies, incorporate inter-organ relations into the model, thus leading to a more accurate representation of the complex human anatomy. Inter-organ relations are not only spatial, but also functional and physiological. Over the years, the strategies 25 proposed to efficiently model multi-organ structures have evolved from the simple global modeling, to more sophisticated approaches such as sequential, hierarchical, or machine learning-based models. In this paper, we present a review of the state of the art on multi-organ analysis and associated computation anatomy methodology. The manuscript follows a methodology-based classification of the different techniques 30 available for the analysis of multi-organs and multi-anatomical structures, from techniques using point distribution models to the most recent deep learning-based approaches. With more than 300 papers included in this review, we reflect on the trends and challenges of the field of computational anatomy, the particularities of each anatomical region, and the potential of multi-organ analysis to increase the impact of 35 medical imaging applications on the future of healthcare. 
### 9.Unsupervised Meta-learning of Figure-Ground Segmentation via Imitating Visual Effects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08442.pdf)
>  This paper presents a &#34;learning to learn&#34; approach to figure-ground image segmentation. By exploring webly-abundant images of specific visual effects, our method can effectively learn the visual-effect internal representations in an unsupervised manner and uses this knowledge to differentiate the figure from the ground in an image. Specifically, we formulate the meta-learning process as a compositional image editing task that learns to imitate a certain visual effect and derive the corresponding internal representation. Such a generative process can help instantiate the underlying figure-ground notion and enables the system to accomplish the intended image segmentation. Whereas existing generative methods are mostly tailored to image synthesis or style transfer, our approach offers a flexible learning mechanism to model a general concept of figure-ground segmentation from unorganized images that have no explicit pixel-level annotations. We validate our approach via extensive experiments on six datasets to demonstrate that the proposed model can be end-to-end trained without ground-truth pixel labeling yet outperforms the existing methods of unsupervised segmentation tasks. 
### 10.SFA: Small Faces Attention Face Detector  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08402.pdf)
>  In recent year, tremendous strides have been made in face detection thanks to deep learning. However, most published face detectors deteriorate dramatically as the faces become smaller. In this paper, we present the Small Faces Attention (SFA) face detector to better detect faces with small scale. First, we propose a new scale-invariant face detection architecture which pays more attention to small faces, including 4-branch detection architecture and small faces sensitive anchor design. Second, feature maps fusion strategy is applied in SFA by partially combining high-level features into low-level features to further improve the ability of finding hard faces. Third, we use multi-scale training and testing strategy to enhance face detection performance in practice. Comprehensive experiments show that SFA significantly improves face detection performance, especially on small faces. Our real-time SFA face detector can run at 5 FPS on a single GPU as well as maintain high performance. Besides, our final SFA face detector achieves state-of-the-art detection performance on challenging face detection benchmarks, including WIDER FACE and FDDB datasets, with competitive runtime speed. Both our code and models will be available to the research community. 
### 11.DAC: Data-free Automatic Acceleration of Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08374.pdf)
>  Deploying a deep learning model on mobile/IoT devices is a challenging task. The difficulty lies in the trade-off between computation speed and accuracy. A complex deep learning model with high accuracy runs slowly on resource-limited devices, while a light-weight model that runs much faster loses accuracy. In this paper, we propose a novel decomposition method, namely DAC, that is capable of factorizing an ordinary convolutional layer into two layers with much fewer parameters. DAC computes the corresponding weights for the newly generated layers directly from the weights of the original convolutional layer. Thus, no training (or fine-tuning) or any data is needed. The experimental results show that DAC reduces a large number of floating-point operations (FLOPs) while maintaining high accuracy of a pre-trained model. If 2% accuracy drop is acceptable, DAC saves 53% FLOPs of VGG16 image classification model on ImageNet dataset, 29% FLOPS of SSD300 object detection model on PASCAL VOC2007 dataset, and 46% FLOPS of a multi-person pose estimation model on Microsoft COCO dataset. Compared to other existing decomposition methods, DAC achieves better performance. 
### 12.Sequential Attention GAN for Interactive Image Editing via Dialogue  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08352.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a new task - interactive image editing via conversational language, where users can guide an agent to edit images via multi-turn dialogue in natural language. In each dialogue turn, the agent takes a source image and a natural language description from the user as the input, and generates a target image following the textual description. Two new datasets are created for this task,Zap-Seq and DeepFashion-Seq, collected via crowdsourcing. For this task, we propose a new Sequential Attention Genrative Adversarial Network (SeqAttnGAN) framework, which applies a neural state tracker to encode both source image and textual descriptions, and generates high quality images in each dialogue turn. To achieve better region specific text-to-image generation, we also introducean attention mechanism into the model. Experiments on the two datasets, including quantitative evaluation and user study, show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art ap-proaches in both image quality and text-to-image consistency. 
### 13.Robustness Meets Deep Learning: An End-to-End Hybrid Pipeline for Unsupervised Learning of Egomotion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08351.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a method that combines unsupervised deep learning predictions for optical flow and monocular disparity with a model based optimization procedure for camera pose. Given the flow and disparity predictions from the network, we apply a RANSAC outlier rejection scheme to find an inlier set of flows and disparities, which we use to solve for the camera pose in a least squares fashion. We show that this pipeline is fully differentiable, allowing us to combine the pose with the network outputs as an additional unsupervised training loss to further refine the predicted flows and disparities. This method not only allows us to directly regress pose from the network outputs, but also automatically segments away pixels that do not fit the rigid scene assumptions that many unsupervised structure from motion methods apply, such as on independently moving objects. We evaluate our method on the KITTI dataset, and demonstrate state of the art results, even in the presence of challenging independently moving objects. 
### 14.Rain Removal By Image Quasi-Sparsity Priors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08348.pdf)
>  Rain streaks will inevitably be captured by some outdoor vision systems, which lowers the image visual quality and also interferes various computer vision applications. We present a novel rain removal method in this paper, which consists of two steps, i.e., detection of rain streaks and reconstruction of the rain-removed image. An accurate detection of rain streaks determines the quality of the overall performance. To this end, we first detect rain streaks according to pixel intensities, motivated by the observation that rain streaks often possess higher intensities compared to other neighboring image structures. Some mis-detected locations are then refined through a morphological processing and the principal component analysis (PCA) such that only locations corresponding to real rain streaks are retained. In the second step, we separate image gradients into a background layer and a rain streak layer, thanks to the image quasi-sparsity prior, so that a rain image can be decomposed into a background layer and a rain layer. We validate the effectiveness of our method through quantitative and qualitative evaluations. We show that our method can remove rain (even for some relatively bright rain) from images robustly and outperforms some state-of-the-art rain removal algorithms. 
### 15.Towards Visible and Thermal Drone Monitoring with Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08333.pdf)
>  This paper reports a visible and thermal drone monitoring system that integrates deep-learning-based detection and tracking modules. The biggest challenge in adopting deep learning methods for drone detection is the paucity of training drone images especially thermal drone images. To address this issue, we develop two data augmentation techniques. One is a model-based drone augmentation technique that automatically generates visible drone images with a bounding box label on the drone&#39;s location. The other is exploiting an adversarial data augmentation methodology to create thermal drone images. To track a small flying drone, we utilize the residual information between consecutive image frames. Finally, we present an integrated detection and tracking system that outperforms the performance of each individual module containing detection or tracking only. The experiments show that even being trained on synthetic data, the proposed system performs well on real-world drone images with complex background. The USC drone detection and tracking dataset with user labeled bounding boxes is available to the public. 
### 16.SQuantizer: Simultaneous Learning for Both Sparse and Low-precision Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08301.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have achieved state-of-the-art accuracies in a wide range of computer vision, speech recognition, and machine translation tasks. However the limits of memory bandwidth and computational power constrain the range of devices capable of deploying these modern networks. To address this problem, we propose SQuantizer, a new training method that jointly optimizes for both sparse and low-precision neural networks while maintaining high accuracy and providing a high compression rate. This approach brings sparsification and low-bit quantization into a single training pass, employing these techniques in an order demonstrated to be optimal. Our method achieves state-of-the-art accuracies using 4-bit and 2-bit precision for ResNet18, MobileNet-v2 and ResNet50, even with high degree of sparsity. The compression rates of 18x for ResNet18 and 17x for ResNet50, and 9x for MobileNet-v2 are obtained when SQuantizing both weights and activations within 1% and 2% loss in accuracy for ResNets and MobileNet-v2 respectively. An extension of these techniques to object detection also demonstrates high accuracy on YOLO-v2. Additionally, our method allows for fast single pass training, which is important for rapid prototyping and neural architecture search techniques. Finally extensive results from this simultaneous training approach allows us to draw some useful insights into the relative merits of sparsity and quantization. 
### 17.A comparative study of texture attributes for characterizing subsurface structures in seismic volumes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08263.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore how to computationally characterize subsurface geological structures presented in seismic volumes using texture attributes. For this purpose, we conduct a comparative study of typical texture attributes presented in the image processing literature. We focus on spatial attributes in this study and examine them in a new application for seismic interpretation, i.e., seismic volume labeling. For this application, a data volume is automatically segmented into various structures, each assigned with its corresponding label. If the labels are assigned with reasonable accuracy, such volume labeling will help initiate an interpretation process in a more effective manner. Our investigation proves the feasibility of accomplishing this task using texture attributes. Through the study, we also identify advantages and disadvantages associated with each attribute. 
### 18.D3D: Distilled 3D Networks for Video Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08249.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art methods for video action recognition commonly use an ensemble of two networks: the spatial stream, which takes RGB frames as input, and the temporal stream, which takes optical flow as input. In recent work, both of these streams consist of 3D Convolutional Neural Networks, which apply spatiotemporal filters to the video clip before performing classification. Conceptually, the temporal filters should allow the spatial stream to learn motion representations, making the temporal stream redundant. However, we still see significant benefits in action recognition performance by including an entirely separate temporal stream, indicating that the spatial stream is &#34;missing&#34; some of the signal captured by the temporal stream. In this work, we first investigate whether motion representations are indeed missing in the spatial stream of 3D CNNs. Second, we demonstrate that these motion representations can be improved by distillation, by tuning the spatial stream to predict the outputs of the temporal stream, effectively combining both models into a single stream. Finally, we show that our Distilled 3D Network (D3D) achieves performance on par with two-stream approaches, using only a single model and with no need to compute optical flow. 
### 19.Detecting GAN-generated Imagery using Color Cues  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08247.pdf)
>  Image forensics is an increasingly relevant problem, as it can potentially address online disinformation campaigns and mitigate problematic aspects of social media. Of particular interest, given its recent successes, is the detection of imagery produced by Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), e.g. `deepfakes&#39;. Leveraging large training sets and extensive computing resources, recent work has shown that GANs can be trained to generate synthetic imagery which is (in some ways) indistinguishable from real imagery. We analyze the structure of the generating network of a popular GAN implementation, and show that the network&#39;s treatment of color is markedly different from a real camera in two ways. We further show that these two cues can be used to distinguish GAN-generated imagery from camera imagery, demonstrating effective discrimination between GAN imagery and real camera images used to train the GAN. 
### 20.Unconstrained Iris Segmentation using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08245.pdf)
>  The extraction of consistent and identifiable features from an image of the human iris is known as iris recognition. Identifying which pixels belong to the iris, known as segmentation, is the first stage of iris recognition. Errors in segmentation propagate to later stages. Current segmentation approaches are tuned to specific environments. We propose using a convolution neural network for iris segmentation. Our algorithm is accurate when trained in a single environment and tested in multiple environments. Our network builds on the Mask R-CNN framework (He et al., ICCV 2017). Our approach segments faster than previous approaches including the Mask R-CNN network. Our network is accurate when trained on a single environment and tested with a different sensors (either visible light or near-infrared). Its accuracy degrades when trained with a visible light sensor and tested with a near-infrared sensor (and vice versa). A small amount of retraining of the visible light model (using a few samples from a near-infrared dataset) yields a tuned network accurate in both settings. For training and testing, this work uses the Casia v4 Interval, Notre Dame 0405, Ubiris v2, and IITD datasets. 
### 21.RankGAN: A Maximum Margin Ranking GAN for Generating Faces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08196.pdf)
>  We present a new stage-wise learning paradigm for training generative adversarial networks (GANs). The goal of our work is to progressively strengthen the discriminator and thus, the generators, with each subsequent stage without changing the network architecture. We call this proposed method the RankGAN. We first propose a margin-based loss for the GAN discriminator. We then extend it to a margin-based ranking loss to train the multiple stages of RankGAN. We focus on face images from the CelebA dataset in our work and show visual as well as quantitative improvements in face generation and completion tasks over other GAN approaches, including WGAN and LSGAN. 
### 22.One-Class Feature Learning Using Intra-Class Splitting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08468.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel generic one-class feature learning method which is based on intra-class splitting. In one-class classification, feature learning is challenging, because only samples of one class are available during training. Hence, state-of-the-art methods require reference multi-class datasets to pretrain feature extractors. In contrast, the proposed method realizes feature learning by splitting the given normal class into typical and atypical normal samples. By introducing closeness loss and dispersion loss, an intra-class joint training procedure between the two subsets after splitting enables the extraction of valuable features for one-class classification. Various experiments on three well-known image classification datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our method which outperformed other baseline models in 25 of 30 experiments. 
### 23.SfMLearner++: Learning Monocular Depth &amp; Ego-Motion using Meaningful Geometric Constraints  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.08370.pdf)
>  Most geometric approaches to monocular Visual Odometry (VO) provide robust pose estimates, but sparse or semi-dense depth estimates. Off late, deep methods have shown good performance in generating dense depths and VO from monocular images by optimizing the photometric consistency between images. Despite being intuitive, a naive photometric loss does not ensure proper pixel correspondences between two views, which is the key factor for accurate depth and relative pose estimations. It is a well known fact that simply minimizing such an error is prone to failures. <br />We propose a method using Epipolar constraints to make the learning more geometrically sound. We use the Essential matrix, obtained using Nister&#39;s Five Point Algorithm, for enforcing meaningful geometric constraints on the loss, rather than using it as labels for training. Our method, although simplistic but more geometrically meaningful, using lesser number of parameters, gives a comparable performance to state-of-the-art methods which use complex losses and large networks showing the effectiveness of using epipolar constraints. Such a geometrically constrained learning method performs successfully even in cases where simply minimizing the photometric error would fail. 
