# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 4 Dec 2018
### 1.Learning to Learn How to Learn: Self-Adaptive Visual Navigation Using Meta-Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00971.pdf)
>  Learning is an inherently continuous phenomenon. When humans learn a new task there is no explicit distinction between training and inference. After we learn a task, we keep learning about it while performing the task. What we learn and how we learn it varies during different stages of learning. Learning how to learn and adapt is a key property that enables us to generalize effortlessly to new settings. This is in contrast with conventional settings in machine learning where a trained model is frozen during inference. In this paper we study the problem of learning to learn at both training and inference time in the context of visual navigation. A fundamental challenge in navigation is generalization to unseen scenes. In this paper we propose a self-adaptive visual navigation method (SAVN) which learns to adapt to new environments without any explicit supervision. Our solution is a meta-reinforcement learning approach where an agent learns a self-supervised interaction loss that encourages effective navigation. Our experiments, performed in the AI2-THOR framework, show major improvements in both success rate and SPL for visual navigation in novel scenes. 
### 2.Chest X-Rays Image Inpainting with Context Encoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00964.pdf)
>  Chest X-rays are one of the most commonly used technologies for medical diagnosis. Many deep learning models have been proposed to improve and automate the abnormality detection task on this type of data. In this paper, we propose a different approach based on image inpainting under adversarial training first introduced by Goodfellow et al. We configure the context encoder model for this task and train it over 1.1M 128x128 images from healthy X-rays. The goal of our model is to reconstruct the missing central 64x64 patch. Once the model has learned how to inpaint healthy tissue, we test its performance on images with and without abnormalities. We discuss and motivate our results considering PSNR, MSE and SSIM scores as evaluation metrics. In addition, we conduct a 2AFC observer study showing that in half of the times an expert is unable to distinguish real images from the ones reconstructed using our model. By computing and visualizing the pixel-wise difference between source and reconstructed images, we can highlight abnormalities to simplify further detection and classification tasks. 
### 3.Visual Memory for Robust Path Following  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00940.pdf)
>  Humans routinely retrace paths in a novel environment both forwards and backwards despite uncertainty in their motion. This paper presents an approach for doing so. Given a demonstration of a path, a first network generates a path abstraction. Equipped with this abstraction, a second network observes the world and decides how to act to retrace the path under noisy actuation and a changing environment. The two networks are optimized end-to-end at training time. We evaluate the method in two realistic simulators, performing path following and homing under actuation noise and environmental changes. Our experiments show that our approach outperforms classical approaches and other learning based baselines. 
### 4.SPLAT: Semantic Pixel-Level Adaptation Transforms for Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00929.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation of visual detectors is a critical challenge, yet existing methods have overlooked pixel appearance transformations, focusing instead on bootstrapping and/or domain confusion losses. We propose a Semantic Pixel-Level Adaptation Transform (SPLAT) approach to detector adaptation that efficiently generates cross-domain image pairs. Our model uses aligned-pair and/or pseudo-label losses to adapt an object detector to the target domain, and can learn transformations with or without densely labeled data in the source (e.g. semantic segmentation annotations). Without dense labels, as is the case when only detection labels are available in the source, transformations are learned using CycleGAN alignment. Otherwise, when dense labels are available we introduce a more efficient cycle-free method, which exploits pixel-level semantic labels to condition the training of the transformation network. The end task is then trained using detection box labels from the source, potentially including labels inferred on unlabeled source data. We show both that pixel-level transforms outperform prior approaches to detector domain adaptation, and that our cycle-free method outperforms prior models for unconstrained cycle-based learning of generic transformations while running 3.8 times faster. Our combined model improves on prior detection baselines by 12.5 mAP adapting from Sim 10K to Cityscapes, recovering over 50% of the missing performance between the unadapted baseline and the labeled-target upper bound. 
### 5.The Right (Angled) Perspective: Improving the Understanding of Road Scenes using Boosted Inverse Perspective Mapping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00913.pdf)
>  Many tasks performed by autonomous vehicles such as road marking detection, object tracking, and path planning are simpler in bird&#39;s-eye view. Hence, Inverse Perspective Mapping (IPM) is often applied to remove the perspective effect from a vehicle&#39;s front-facing camera and to remap its images into a 2D domain, resulting in a top-down view. Unfortunately, however, this leads to unnatural blurring and stretching of objects at further distance, due to the resolution of the camera, limiting applicability. In this paper, we present an adversarial learning approach for generating a significantly improved IPM from a single camera image in real time. The generated bird&#39;s-eye-view images contain sharper features (e.g. road markings) and a more homogeneous illumination, while (dynamic) objects are automatically removed from the scene, thus revealing the underlying road layout in an improved fashion. We demonstrate our framework using real-world data from the Oxford RobotCar Dataset and show that scene understanding tasks directly benefit from our boosted IPM approach. 
### 6.Domain Alignment with Triplets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00893.pdf)
>  Deep domain adaptation methods can reduce the distribution discrepancy by learning domain-invariant embedddings. However, these methods only focus on aligning the whole data distributions, without considering the class-level relations among source and target images. Thus, a target embeddings of a bird might be aligned to source embeddings of an airplane. This semantic misalignment can directly degrade the classifier performance on the target dataset. To alleviate this problem, we present a similarity constrained alignment (SCA) method for unsupervised domain adaptation. When aligning the distributions in the embedding space, SCA enforces a similarity-preserving constraint to maintain class-level relations among the source and target images, i.e., if a source image and a target image are of the same class label, their corresponding embeddings are supposed to be aligned nearby, and vise versa. In the absence of target labels, we assign pseudo labels for target images. Given labeled source images and pseudo-labeled target images, the similarity-preserving constraint can be implemented by minimizing the triplet loss. With the joint supervision of domain alignment loss and similarity-preserving constraint, we train a network to obtain domain-invariant embeddings with two critical characteristics, intra-class compactness and inter-class separability. Extensive experiments conducted on the two datasets well demonstrate the effectiveness of SCA. 
### 7.What can I do here? Leveraging Deep 3D saliency and geometry for fast and scalable multiple affordance detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00889.pdf)
>  This paper develops and evaluates a novel method that allows for the detection of affordances in a scalable and multiple-instance manner on visually recovered pointclouds. Our approach has many advantages over alternative methods, as it is based on highly parallelizable, one-shot learning that is fast in commodity hardware. The approach is hybrid in that it uses a geometric representation together with a state-of-the-art deep learning method capable of identifying 3D scene saliency. The geometric component allows for a compact and efficient representation, boosting the performance of the deep network architecture which proved insufficient on its own. Moreover, our approach allows not only to predict whether an input scene affords or not the interactions, but also the pose of the objects that allow these interactions to take place. Our predictions align well with crowd-sourced human judgment as they are preferred with 87% probability, show high rates of improvement with almost four times (4x) better performance over a deep learning-only baseline and are seven times (7x) faster than previous art. 
### 8.A Consolidated Approach to Convolutional Neural Networks and the Kolmogorov Complexity  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00888.pdf)
>  The ability to precisely quantify similarity between various entities has been a fundamental complication in various problem spaces specifically in the classification of cellular images. Contemporary similarity measures applied in the domain of image processing proposed by the scientific community are mainly pursued in supervised settings. In this work, we will explore the innovative algorithmic normalized compression distance metric based on the information theoretic concept of Kolmogorov Complexity. Additionally we will observe its possible implementation in Convolutional Neural Networks to facilitate and automate the classification of Retinal Pigment Epithelial cell cultures for use in Age Related Macular Degeneration Stem Cell therapy in an unsupervised setting. 
### 9.Incorporating Deep Features in the Analysis of Tissue Microarray Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00887.pdf)
>  Tissue microarray (TMA) images have been used increasingly often in cancer studies and the validation of biomarkers. TACOMA---a cutting-edge automatic scoring algorithm for TMA images---is comparable to pathologists in terms of accuracy and repeatability. Here we consider how this algorithm may be further improved. Inspired by the recent success of deep learning, we propose to incorporate representations learnable through computation. We explore representations of a group nature through unsupervised learning, e.g., hierarchical clustering and recursive space partition. Information carried by clustering or spatial partitioning may be more concrete than the labels when the data are heterogeneous, or could help when the labels are noisy. The use of such information could be viewed as regularization in model fitting. It is motivated by major challenges in TMA image scoring---heterogeneity and label noise, and the cluster assumption in semi-supervised learning. Using this information on TMA images of breast cancer, we have reduced the error rate of TACOMA by about 6%. Further simulations on synthetic data provide insights on when such representations would likely help. Although we focus on TMAs, learnable representations of this type are expected to be applicable in other settings. 
### 10.AI Matrix - Synthetic Benchmarks for DNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00886.pdf)
>  Deep neural network (DNN) architectures, such as convolutional neural networks (CNN), involve heavy computation and require hardware, such as CPU, GPU, and AI accelerators, to provide the massive computing power. With the many varieties of AI hardware prevailing on the market, it is often hard to decide which one is the best to use. Thus, benchmarking AI hardware effectively becomes important and is of great help to select and optimize AI hardware. Unfortunately, there are few AI benchmarks available in both academia and industry. Examples are BenchNN[1], DeepBench[2], and Dawn Bench[3], which are usually a collection of typical real DNN applications. While these benchmarks provide performance comparison across different AI hardware, they suffer from a number of drawbacks. First, they cannot adapt to the emerging changes of DNN algorithms and are fixed once selected. Second, they contain tens to hundreds of applications and take very long time to finish running. Third, they are mainly selected from open sources, which are restricted by copyright and are not representable to proprietary applications. In this work, a synthetic benchmarks framework is firstly proposed to address the above drawbacks of AI benchmarks. Instead of pre-selecting a set of open-sourced benchmarks and running all of them, the synthetic approach generates only a one or few benchmarks that best represent a broad range of applications using profiled workload characteristics data of these applications. Thus, it can adapt to emerging changes of new DNN algorithms by re-profiling new applications and updating itself, greatly reduce benchmark count and running time, and strongly represent DNN applications of interests. The generated benchmarks are called AI Matrix, serving as a performance benchmarks matching the statistical workload characteristics of a combination of applications of interests. 
### 11.Cluster-Based Learning from Weakly Labeled Bags in Digital Pathology  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00884.pdf)
>  To alleviate the burden of gathering detailed expert annotations when training deep neural networks, we propose a weakly supervised learning approach to recognize metastases in microscopic images of breast lymph nodes. We describe an alternative training loss which clusters weakly labeled bags in latent space to inform relevance of patch-instances during training of a convolutional neural network. We evaluate our method on the Camelyon dataset which contains high-resolution digital slides of breast lymph nodes, where labels are provided at the image-level and only subsets of patches are made available during training. 
### 12.Relation Networks for Optic Disc and Fovea Localization in Retinal Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00883.pdf)
>  Diabetic Retinopathy is the leading cause of blindness in the world. At least 90\% of new cases can be reduced with proper treatment and monitoring of the eyes. However, scanning the entire population of patients is a difficult endeavor. Computer-aided diagnosis tools in retinal image analysis can make the process scalable and efficient. In this work, we focus on the problem of localizing the centers of the Optic disc and Fovea, a task crucial to the analysis of retinal scans. Current systems recognize the Optic disc and Fovea individually, without exploiting their relations during learning. We propose a novel approach to localizing the centers of the Optic disc and Fovea by simultaneously processing them and modeling their relative geometry and appearance. We show that our approach improves localization and recognition by incorporating object-object relations efficiently, and achieves highly competitive results. 
### 13.Integral Geometric Dual Distributions of Multilinear Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00882.pdf)
>  We propose an integral geometric approach for computing dual distributions for the parameter distributions of multilinear models. The dual distributions can be computed from, for example, the parameter distributions of conics, multiple view tensors, homographies, or as simple entities as points, lines, and planes. The dual distributions have analytical forms that follow from the asymptotic normality property of the maximum likelihood estimator and an application of integral transforms, fundamentally the generalised Radon transforms, on the probability density of the parameters. The approach allows us, for instance, to look at the uncertainty distributions in feature distributions, which are essentially tied to the distribution of training data, and helps us to derive conditional distributions for interesting variables and characterise confidence intervals of the estimates. 
### 14.Joint Mapping and Calibration via Differentiable Sensor Fusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00880.pdf)
>  We leverage automatic differentiation (AD) and probabilistic programming languages to develop an end-to-end optimization algorithm for batch triangulation of a large number of unknown objects. Given noisy detections extracted from noisily geo-located street level imagery without depth information, we jointly estimate the number and location of objects of different types, together with parameters for sensor noise characteristics and prior distribution of objects conditioned on side information. The entire algorithm is framed as nested stochastic variational inference. An inner loop solves a soft data association problem via loopy belief propagation; a middle loop performs soft EM clustering using a regularized Newton solver (leveraging an AD framework); an outer loop backpropagates through the inner loops to train global parameters. We place priors over sensor parameters for different traffic object types, and demonstrate improvements with richer priors incorporating knowledge of the environment. <br />We test our algorithm on detections of road signs observed by cars with mounted cameras, though in practice this technique can be used for any geo-tagged images. We assume images do not have depth information (e.g. from lidar or stereo cameras). The detections were extracted by neural image detectors and classifiers, and we independently triangulate each type of sign (e.g. stop, traffic light). We find that our model is more robust to DNN misclassifications than current methods, generalizes across sign types, and can use geometric information to increase precision (e.g. Stop signs seldom occur on highways). Our algorithm outperforms our current production baseline based on k-means clustering. We show that variational inference training allows generalization by learning sign-specific parameters. 
### 15.Image-based model parameter optimisation using Model-Assisted Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00879.pdf)
>  We propose and demonstrate the use of a Model-Assisted Generative Adversarial Network to produce simulated images that accurately match true images through the variation of underlying model parameters that describe the image generation process. The generator learns the parameter values that give images that best match the true images. Two case studies show the excellent agreement between the generated best match parameters and the true parameters. The best match parameter values that produce the most accurate simulated images can be extracted and used to re-tune the default simulation to minimise any bias when applying image recognition techniques to simulated and true images. In the case of a real-world experiment, the true data is replaced by experimental data with unknown true parameter values. The Model-Assisted Generative Adversarial Network uses a convolutional neural network to emulate the simulation for all parameter values that, when trained, can be used as a conditional generator for fast image production. 
### 16.Automatic lesion boundary detection in dermoscopy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00877.pdf)
>  This manuscript addresses the problem of the automatic lesion boundary detection in dermoscopy, using deep neural networks. An approach is based on the adaptation of the U-net convolutional neural network with skip connections for lesion boundary segmentation task. I hope this paper could serve, to some extent, as an experiment of using deep convolutional networks in biomedical segmentation task and as a guideline of the boundary detection benchmark, inspiring further attempts and researches. 
### 17.Deep Learning based Pedestrian Detection at Distance in Smart Cities  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00876.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have been promising for many computer vision problems due to their powerful capabilities to enhance the data for training and test. In this paper, we leveraged GANs and proposed a new architecture with a cascded Single Shot Detector (SSD) for pedestrian detection at distance, which is yet a challenge due to the varied sizes of pedestrians in videos at distance. To overcome the low-resolution issues in pedestrian detection at distance, DCGAN is employed to improve the resolution first to reconstruct more discrinative feaures for a SSD to detect objects in images or videos. A crucial advantage of our method is that it learns a multi-scale metric to distinguish multiple objects at different distances under one image, while DCGAN serves as an encoder-decoder platform to generate parts of an image that contain better discriminative information. To measure the effectiveness of our proposed method, experiments were carried out on the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIFAR) dataset, and it was demonstrated that the proposed new architecture achieved a much better detection rate, particularly on vehicles and pedestrians at distance, making it highly suitable for smart cities applications that need to discover key objects or pedestrians at distance. 
### 18.On the Nonlinear Statistics of Optical Flow  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00875.pdf)
>  In &#34;A naturalistic open source movie for optical flow evaluation,&#34; Butler et al. create a database of ground-truth optical flow from the computer-generated video Sintel. We study the high-contrast $3\times 3$ patches from this video, and provide evidence that this dataset is well-modeled by a torus (a nonlinear 2-dimensional manifold). Our main tools are persistent homology and zigzag persistence, which are popular techniques from the field of computational topology. We show that the optical flow torus model is naturally equipped with the structure of a fiber bundle, which is furthermore related to the statistics of range images. 
### 19.SUGAMAN: Describing Floor Plans for Visually Impaired by Annotation Learning and Proximity based Grammar  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00874.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose SUGAMAN (Supervised and Unified framework using Grammar and Annotation Model for Access and Navigation). SUGAMAN is a Hindi word meaning &#34;easy passage from one place to another&#34;. SUGAMAN synthesizes textual description from a given floor plan image for the visually impaired. A visually impaired person can navigate in an indoor environment using the textual description generated by SUGAMAN. With the help of a text reader software, the target user can understand the rooms within the building and arrangement of furniture to navigate. SUGAMAN is the first framework for describing a floor plan and giving direction for obstacle-free movement within a building. We learn $5$ classes of room categories from $1355$ room image samples under a supervised learning paradigm. These learned annotations are fed into a description synthesis framework to yield a holistic description of a floor plan image. We demonstrate the performance of various supervised classifiers on room learning. We also provide a comparative analysis of system generated and human written descriptions. SUGAMAN gives state of the art performance on challenging, real-world floor plan images. This work can be applied to areas like understanding floor plans of historical monuments, stability analysis of buildings, and retrieval. 
### 20.Microscope 2.0: An Augmented Reality Microscope with Real-time Artificial Intelligence Integration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00825.pdf)
>  The brightfield microscope is instrumental in the visual examination of both biological and physical samples at sub-millimeter scales. One key clinical application has been in cancer histopathology, where the microscopic assessment of the tissue samples is used for the diagnosis and staging of cancer and thus guides clinical therapy. However, the interpretation of these samples is inherently subjective, resulting in significant diagnostic variability. Moreover, in many regions of the world, access to pathologists is severely limited due to lack of trained personnel. In this regard, Artificial Intelligence (AI) based tools promise to improve the access and quality of healthcare. However, despite significant advances in AI research, integration of these tools into real-world cancer diagnosis workflows remains challenging because of the costs of image digitization and difficulties in deploying AI solutions. Here we propose a cost-effective solution to the integration of AI: the Augmented Reality Microscope (ARM). The ARM overlays AI-based information onto the current view of the sample through the optical pathway in real-time, enabling seamless integration of AI into the regular microscopy workflow. We demonstrate the utility of ARM in the detection of lymph node metastases in breast cancer and the identification of prostate cancer with a latency that supports real-time workflows. We anticipate that ARM will remove barriers towards the use of AI in microscopic analysis and thus improve the accuracy and efficiency of cancer diagnosis. This approach is applicable to other microscopy tasks and AI algorithms in the life sciences and beyond. 
### 21.A Wasserstein GAN model with the total variational regularization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00810.pdf)
>  It is well known that the generative adversarial nets (GANs) are remarkably difficult to train. The recently proposed Wasserstein GAN (WGAN) creates principled research directions towards addressing these issues. But we found in practice that gradient penalty WGANs (GP-WGANs) still suffer from training instability. In this paper, we combine a Total Variational (TV) regularizing term into the WGAN formulation instead of weight clipping or gradient penalty, which implies that the Lipschitz constraint is enforced on the critic network. Our proposed method is more stable at training than GP-WGANs and works well across varied GAN architectures. We also present a method to control the trade-off between image diversity and visual quality. It does not bring any computation burden. 
### 22.Towards Spectral Estimation from a Single RGB Image in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00805.pdf)
>  In contrast to the current literature, we address the problem of estimating the spectrum from a single common trichromatic RGB image obtained under unconstrained settings (e.g. unknown camera parameters, unknown scene radiance, unknown scene contents). For this we use a reference spectrum as provided by a hyperspectral image camera, and propose efficient deep learning solutions for sensitivity function estimation and spectral reconstruction from a single RGB image. We further expand the concept of spectral reconstruction such that to work for RGB images taken in the wild and propose a solution based on a convolutional network conditioned on the estimated sensitivity function. Besides the proposed solutions, we study also generic and sensitivity specialized models and discuss their limitations. We achieve state-of-the-art competitive results on the standard example-based spectral reconstruction benchmarks: ICVL, CAVE, NUS and NTIRE. Moreover, our experiments show that, for the first time, accurate spectral estimation from a single RGB image in the wild is within our reach. 
### 23.Disentangling Adversarial Robustness and Generalization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00740.pdf)
>  Obtaining deep networks that are robust against adversarial examples and generalize well is an open problem. A recent hypothesis even states that both robust and accurate models are impossible, i.e., adversarial robustness and generalization are conflicting goals. In an effort to clarify the relationship between robustness and generalization, we assume an underlying, low-dimensional data manifold and show that: 1. regular adversarial examples leave the manifold; 2. adversarial examples constrained to the manifold, i.e., on-manifold adversarial examples, exist; 3. on-manifold adversarial examples are generalization errors, and on-manifold adversarial training boosts generalization; 4. and regular robustness is independent of generalization. These assumptions imply that both robust and accurate models are possible. However, different models (architectures, training strategies etc.) can exhibit different robustness and generalization characteristics. To confirm our claims, we present extensive experiments on synthetic data (with access to the true manifold) as well as on EMNIST, Fashion-MNIST and CelebA. 
### 24.Nose, eyes and ears: Head pose estimation by locating facial keypoints  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00739.pdf)
>  Monocular head pose estimation requires learning a model that computes the intrinsic Euler angles for pose (yaw, pitch, roll) from an input image of human face. Annotating ground truth head pose angles for images in the wild is difficult and requires ad-hoc fitting procedures (which provides only coarse and approximate annotations). This highlights the need for approaches which can train on data captured in controlled environment and generalize on the images in the wild (with varying appearance and illumination of the face). Most present day deep learning approaches which learn a regression function directly on the input images fail to do so. To this end, we propose to use a higher level representation to regress the head pose while using deep learning architectures. More specifically, we use the uncertainty maps in the form of 2D soft localization heatmap images over five facial keypoints, namely left ear, right ear, left eye, right eye and nose, and pass them through an convolutional neural network to regress the head-pose. We show head pose estimation results on two challenging benchmarks BIWI and AFLW and our approach surpasses the state of the art on both the datasets. 
### 25.Attention-based Adaptive Selection of Operations for Image Restoration in the Presence of Unknown Combined Distortions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00733.pdf)
>  Many studies have been conducted so far on image restoration, the problem of restoring a clean image from its distorted version. There are many different types of distortion which affect image quality. Previous studies have focused on single types of distortion, proposing methods for removing them. However, image quality degrades due to multiple factors in the real world. Thus, depending on applications, e.g., vision for autonomous cars or surveillance cameras, we need to be able to deal with multiple combined distortions with unknown mixture ratios. For this purpose, we propose a simple yet effective layer architecture of neural networks. It performs multiple operations in parallel, which are weighted by an attention mechanism to enable selection of proper operations depending on the input. The layer can be stacked to form a deep network, which is differentiable and thus can be trained in an end-to-end fashion by gradient descent. The experimental results show that the proposed method works better than previous methods by a good margin on tasks of restoring images with multiple combined distortions. 
### 26.Towards Accurate Task Accomplishment with Low-Cost Robotic Arms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00725.pdf)
>  Training a robotic arm to accomplish real-world tasks has been attracting increasing attention in both academia and industry. This work discusses the role of computer vision algorithms in this field. We focus on low-cost arms on which no sensors are equipped and thus all decisions are made upon visual recognition, e.g., real-time 3D pose estimation. This requires annotating a lot of training data, which is not only time-consuming but also laborious. <br />In this paper, we present an alternative solution, which uses a 3D model to create a large number of synthetic data, trains a vision model in this virtual domain, and applies it to real-world images after domain adaptation. To this end, we design a semi-supervised approach, which fully leverages the geometric constraints among keypoints. We apply an iterative algorithm for optimization. Without any annotations on real images, our algorithm generalizes well and produces satisfying results on 3D pose estimation, which is evaluated on two real-world datasets. We also construct a vision-based control system for task accomplishment, for which we train a reinforcement learning agent in a virtual environment and apply it to the real-world. Moreover, our approach, with merely a 3D model being required, has the potential to generalize to other types of multi-rigid-body dynamic systems. 
### 27.EnsNet: Ensconce Text in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00723.pdf)
>  A new method is proposed for removing text from natural images. The challenge is to first accurately localize text on the stroke-level and then replace it with a visually plausible background. Unlike previous methods that require image patches to erase scene text, our method, namely ensconce network (EnsNet), can operate end-to-end on a single image without any prior knowledge. The overall structure is an end-to-end trainable FCN-ResNet-18 network with a conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN). The feature of the former is first enhanced by a novel lateral connection structure and then refined by four carefully designed losses: multiscale regression loss and content loss, which capture the global discrepancy of different level features; texture loss and total variation loss, which primarily target filling the text region and preserving the reality of the background. The latter is a novel local-sensitive GAN, which attentively assesses the local consistency of the text erased regions. Both qualitative and quantitative sensitivity experiments on synthetic images and the ICDAR 2013 dataset demonstrate that each component of the EnsNet is essential to achieve a good performance. Moreover, our EnsNet can significantly outperform previous state-of-the-art methods in terms of all metrics. In addition, a qualitative experiment conducted on the SMBNet dataset further demonstrates that the proposed method can also preform well on general object (such as pedestrians) removal tasks. EnsNet is extremely fast, which can preform at 333 fps on an i5-8600 CPU device. 
### 28.SUSiNet: See, Understand and Summarize it  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00722.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a multi-task spatio-temporal network, called SUSiNet, that can jointly tackle the spatio-temporal problems of saliency estimation, action recognition and video summarization. Our approach employs a single network that is jointly end-to-end trained for all tasks with multiple and diverse datasets related to the exploring tasks. The proposed network uses a unified architecture that includes global and task specific layer and produces multiple output types, i.e., saliency maps or classification labels, by employing the same video input. Moreover, one additional contribution is that the proposed network can be deeply supervised through an attention module that is related to human attention as it is expressed by eye-tracking data. From the extensive evaluation, on seven different datasets, we have observed that the multi-task network performs as well as the state-of-the-art single-task methods (or in some cases better), while it requires less computational budget than having one independent network per each task. 
### 29.Nesti-Net: Normal Estimation for Unstructured 3D Point Clouds using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00709.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a normal estimation method for unstructured 3D point clouds. This method, called Nesti-Net, builds on a new local point cloud representation which consists of multi-scale point statistics (MuPS), estimated on a local coarse Gaussian grid. This representation is a suitable input to a CNN architecture. The normals are estimated using a mixture-of-experts (MoE) architecture, which relies on a data-driven approach for selecting the optimal scale around each point and encourages sub-network specialization. Interesting insights into the network&#39;s resource distribution are provided. The scale prediction significantly improves robustness to different noise levels, point density variations and different levels of detail. We achieve state-of-the-art results on a benchmark synthetic dataset and present qualitative results on real scanned scenes. 
### 30.An Analysis by Synthesis Approach for Automatic Vertebral Shape Identification in Clinical QCT  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00693.pdf)
>  Quantitative computed tomography (QCT) is a widely used tool for osteoporosis diagnosis and monitoring. The assessment of cortical markers like cortical bone mineral density (BMD) and thickness is a demanding task, mainly because of the limited spatial resolution of QCT. We propose a direct model based method to automatically identify the surface through the center of the cortex of human vertebra. We develop a statistical bone model and analyze its probability distribution after the imaging process. Using an as-rigid-as-possible deformation we find the cortical surface that maximizes the likelihood of our model given the input volume. Using the European Spine Phantom (ESP) and a high resolution μCT scan of a cadaveric vertebra, we show that the proposed method is able to accurately identify the real center of cortex ex-vivo. To demonstrate the in-vivo applicability of our method we use manually obtained surfaces for comparison. 
### 31.Tensor N-tubal rank and its convex relaxation for low-rank tensor recovery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00688.pdf)
>  As low-rank modeling has achieved great success in tensor recovery, many research efforts devote to defining the tensor rank. Among them, the recent popular tensor tubal rank, defined based on the tensor singular value decomposition (t-SVD), obtains promising results. However, the framework of the t-SVD and the tensor tubal rank are applicable only to three-way tensors and lack of flexibility to handle different correlations along different modes. To tackle these two issues, we define a new tensor unfolding operator, named mode-$k_1k_2$ tensor unfolding, as the process of lexicographically stacking the mode-$k_1k_2$ slices of an $N$-way tensor into a three-way tensor, which is a three-way extension of the well-known mode-$k$ tensor matricization. Based on it, we define a novel tensor rank, the tensor $N$-tubal rank, as a vector whose elements contain the tubal rank of all mode-$k_1k_2$ unfolding tensors, to depict the correlations along different modes. To efficiently minimize the proposed $N$-tubal rank, we establish its convex relaxation: the weighted sum of tensor nuclear norm (WSTNN). Then, we apply WSTNN to low-rank tensor completion (LRTC) and tensor robust principal component analysis (TRPCA). The corresponding WSTNN-based LRTC and TRPCA models are proposed, and two efficient alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM)-based algorithms are developed to solve the proposed models. Numerical experiments demonstrate that the proposed models significantly outperform the compared ones. 
### 32.An Interpretable Machine Vision Approach to Human Activity Recognition using Photoplethysmograph Sensor Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00668.pdf)
>  The current gold standard for human activity recognition (HAR) is based on the use of cameras. However, the poor scalability of camera systems renders them impractical in pursuit of the goal of wider adoption of HAR in mobile computing contexts. Consequently, researchers instead rely on wearable sensors and in particular inertial sensors. A particularly prevalent wearable is the smart watch which due to its integrated inertial and optical sensing capabilities holds great potential for realising better HAR in a non-obtrusive way. This paper seeks to simplify the wearable approach to HAR through determining if the wrist-mounted optical sensor alone typically found in a smartwatch or similar device can be used as a useful source of data for activity recognition. The approach has the potential to eliminate the need for the inertial sensing element which would in turn reduce the cost of and complexity of smartwatches and fitness trackers. This could potentially commoditise the hardware requirements for HAR while retaining the functionality of both heart rate monitoring and activity capture all from a single optical sensor. Our approach relies on the adoption of machine vision for activity recognition based on suitably scaled plots of the optical signals. We take this approach so as to produce classifications that are easily explainable and interpretable by non-technical users. More specifically, images of photoplethysmography signal time series are used to retrain the penultimate layer of a convolutional neural network which has initially been trained on the ImageNet database. We then use the 2048 dimensional features from the penultimate layer as input to a support vector machine. Results from the experiment yielded an average classification accuracy of 92.3%. This result outperforms that of an optical and inertial sensor combined (78%) and illustrates the capability of HAR systems using... 
### 33.Deep Hierarchical Machine: a Flexible Divide-and-Conquer Architecture  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00647.pdf)
>  We propose Deep Hierarchical Machine (DHM), a model inspired from the divide-and-conquer strategy while emphasizing representation learning ability and flexibility. A stochastic routing framework as used by recent deep neural decision/regression forests is incorporated, but we remove the need to evaluate unnecessary computation paths by utilizing a different topology and introducing a probabilistic pruning technique. We also show a specified version of DHM (DSHM) for efficiency, which inherits the sparse feature extraction process as in traditional decision tree with pixel-difference feature. To achieve sparse feature extraction, we propose to utilize sparse convolution operation in DSHM and show one possibility of introducing sparse convolution kernels by using local binary convolution layer. DHM can be applied to both classification and regression problems, and we validate it on standard image classification and face alignment tasks to show its advantages over past architectures. 
### 34.Unsupervised Deep Slow Feature Analysis for Change Detection in Multi-Temporal Remote Sensing Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00645.pdf)
>  Change detection has been a hotspot in remote sensing technology for a long time. With the increasing availability of multi-temporal remote sensing images, numerous change detection algorithms have been proposed. Among these methods, image transformation methods with feature extraction and mapping could effectively highlight the changed information and thus has better change detection performance. However, changes of multi-temporal images are usually complex, existing methods are not effective enough. In recent years, deep network has shown its brilliant performance in many fields including feature extraction and projection. Therefore, in this paper, based on deep network and slow feature analysis (SFA) theory, we proposed a new change detection algorithm for multi-temporal remotes sensing images called Deep Slow Feature Analysis (DSFA). In DSFA model, two symmetric deep networks are utilized for projecting the input data of bi-temporal imagery. Then, the SFA module is deployed to suppress the unchanged components and highlight the changed components of the transformed features. The CVA pre-detection is employed to find unchanged pixels with high confidence as training samples. Finally, the change intensity is calculated with chi-square distance and the changes are determined by thresholding algorithms. The experiments are performed on two real-world data sets. The overall detection accuracies of our proposed method on two experiments are 97.64% and 94.32%, respectively. The visual comparison and quantitative evaluation have both shown that DSFA could outperform the other state-of-the-art algorithms, including other SFA-based algorithms. 
### 35.Spatial-temporal Fusion Convolutional Neural Network for Simulated Driving Behavior Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00615.pdf)
>  Abnormal driving behaviour is one of the leading cause of terrible traffic accidents endangering human life. Therefore, study on driving behaviour surveillance has become essential to traffic security and public management. In this paper, we conduct this promising research and employ a two stream CNN framework for video-based driving behaviour recognition, in which spatial stream CNN captures appearance information from still frames, whilst temporal stream CNN captures motion information with pre-computed optical flow displacement between a few adjacent video frames. We investigate different spatial-temporal fusion strategies to combine the intra frame static clues and inter frame dynamic clues for final behaviour recognition. So as to validate the effectiveness of the designed spatial-temporal deep learning based model, we create a simulated driving behaviour dataset, containing 1237 videos with 6 different driving behavior for recognition. Experiment result shows that our proposed method obtains noticeable performance improvements compared to the existing methods. 
### 36.Towards Visual Feature Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00573.pdf)
>  Most existing visual search systems are deployed based upon fixed kinds of visual features, which prohibits the feature reusing across different systems or when upgrading systems with a new type of feature. Such a setting is obviously inflexible and time/memory consuming, which is indeed mendable if visual features can be &#34;translated&#34; across systems. In this paper, we make the first attempt towards visual feature translation to break through the barrier of using features across different visual search systems. To this end, we propose a Hybrid Auto-Encoder (HAE) to translate visual features, which learns a mapping by minimizing the translation and reconstruction errors. Based upon HAE, an Undirected Affinity Measurement (UAM) is further designed to quantify the affinity among different types of visual features. Extensive experiments have been conducted on several public datasets with 16 different types of widely-used features in visual search systems. Quantitative results show the encouraging possibility of feature translation. And for the first time, the affinity among widely-used features like SIFT and DELF is reported. 
### 37.Practical Window Setting Optimization for Medical Image Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00572.pdf)
>  The recent advancements in deep learning have allowed for numerous applications in computed tomography (CT), with potential to improve diagnostic accuracy, speed of interpretation, and clinical efficiency. However, the deep learning community has to date neglected window display settings - a key feature of clinical CT interpretation and opportunity for additional optimization. Here we propose a window setting optimization (WSO) module that is fully trainable with convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to find optimal window settings for clinical performance. Our approach was inspired by the method commonly used by practicing radiologists to interpret CT images by adjusting window settings to increase the visualization of certain pathologies. Our approach provides optimal window ranges to enhance the conspicuity of abnormalities, and was used to enable performance enhancement for intracranial hemorrhage and urinary stone detection. On each task, the WSO model outperformed models trained over the full range of Hounsfield unit values in CT images, as well as images windowed with pre-defined settings. The WSO module can be readily applied to any analysis of CT images, and can be further generalized to tasks on other medical imaging modalities. 
### 38.SUSAN: Segment Unannotated image Structure using Adversarial Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00555.pdf)
>  Segmentation of magnetic resonance (MR) images is a fundamental step in many medical imaging-based applications. The recent implementation of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in image processing has been shown to have significant impacts on medical image segmentation. Network training of segmentation CNNs typically requires images and paired annotation data representing pixel-wise tissue labels referred to as masks. However, the supervised training of highly efficient CNNs with deeper structure and more network parameters requires a large number of training images and paired tissue masks. Thus, there is great need to develop a generalized CNN-based segmentation method which would be applicable for a wide variety of MR image datasets with different tissue contrasts. The purpose of this study was to develop and evaluate a generalized CNN-based method for fully-automated segmentation of different MR image datasets using a single set of annotated training data. A technique called cycle-consistent generative adversarial network (CycleGAN) is applied as the core of the proposed method to perform image-to-image translation between MR image datasets with different tissue contrasts. A joint segmentation network is incorporated into the adversarial network to obtain additional segmentation functionality. The proposed method was evaluated for segmenting bone and cartilage on two clinical knee MR image datasets acquired at our institution using only a single set of annotated data from a publicly available knee MR image dataset. The new technique may further improve the applicability and efficiency of CNN-based segmentation of medical images while eliminating the need for large amounts of annotated training data. 
### 39.Universal Perturbation Attack Against Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00552.pdf)
>  Despite the remarkable success, deep learning models have shown to be vulnerable to the universal adversarial perturbation (UAP). The existing endeavors on UAP methods mainly focus on attacking the image classification models. Nevertheless, little attention has been paid to attacking image retrieval systems. In this paper, we make the first attempt for UAP attacking to deep feature based image retrieval. Concretely, attacking image retrieval is to make the retrieval system return more irrelevant images to the query at the top ranking list, whose key design is to corrupt the relationships among features. To this end, we propose a unified method to generate retrieval-based UAP to break the relationships between image features from point-wise, label-wise, and list-wise aspects. We further analyze the impact of the resizing operation in generating UAP, and thus provide a solution to attack high-performance retrieval systems with query resizing. We evaluate the proposed methods on four widely-used image retrieval datasets, i.e., Oxford5k and Paris6k with their revised versions, which lead to a significant performance drop in terms of different metrics, such as mAP, and mP@10. Finally, we test our attacking methods on the real-world visual search engine, i.e., Google Images, which demonstrates the potential of our methods. 
### 40.XNet: A convolutional neural network (CNN) implementation for medical X-Ray image segmentation suitable for small datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00548.pdf)
>  X-Ray image enhancement, along with many other medical image processing applications, requires the segmentation of images into bone, soft tissue, and open beam regions. We apply a machine learning approach to this problem, presenting an end-to-end solution which results in robust and efficient inference. Since medical institutions frequently do not have the resources to process and label the large quantity of X-Ray images usually needed for neural network training, we design an end-to-end solution for small datasets, while achieving state-of-the-art results. Our implementation produces an overall accuracy of 92%, F1 score of 0.92, and an AUC of 0.98, surpassing classical image processing techniques, such as clustering and entropy based methods, while improving upon the output of existing neural networks used for segmentation in non-medical contexts. The code used for this project is available online. 
### 41.Automated Segmentation of Cervical Nuclei in Pap Smear Images using Deformable Multi-path Ensemble Model  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00527.pdf)
>  Pap smear testing has been widely used for detecting cervical cancers based on the morphology properties of cell nuclei in microscopic image. An accurate nuclei segmentation could thus improve the success rate of cervical cancer screening. In this work, a method of automated cervical nuclei segmentation using Deformable Multipath Ensemble Model (D-MEM) is proposed. The approach adopts a U-shaped convolutional network as a backbone network, in which dense blocks are used to transfer feature information more effectively. To increase the flexibility of the model, we then use deformable convolution to deal with different nuclei irregular shapes and sizes. To reduce the predictive bias, we further construct multiple networks with different settings, which form an ensemble model. The proposed segmentation framework has achieved state-of-the-art accuracy on Herlev dataset with Zijdenbos similarity index (ZSI) of 0.933, and has the potential to be extended for solving other medical image segmentation tasks. 
### 42.Elastic Boundary Projection for 3D Medical Imaging Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00518.pdf)
>  We focus on an important yet challenging problem: using a 2D deep network to deal with 3D segmentation for medical imaging analysis. Existing approaches either applied multi-view planar (2D) networks or directly used volumetric (3D) networks for this purpose, but both of them are not ideal: 2D networks cannot capture 3D contexts effectively, and 3D networks are both memory-consuming and less stable arguably due to the lack of pre-trained models. <br />In this paper, we bridge the gap between 2D and 3D using a novel approach named Elastic Boundary Projection (EBP). The key observation is that, although the object is a 3D volume, what we really need in segmentation is to find its boundary which is a 2D surface. Therefore, we place a number of pivot points in the 3D space, and for each pivot, we determine its distance to the object boundary along a dense set of directions. This creates an elastic shell around each pivot which is initialized as a perfect sphere. We train a 2D deep network to determine whether each ending point falls within the object, and gradually adjust the shell so that it gradually converges to the actual shape of the boundary and thus achieves the goal of segmentation. EBP allows 3D segmentation without cutting the volume into slices or small patches, which stands out from conventional 2D and 3D approaches. EBP achieves promising accuracy in segmenting several abdominal organs from CT scans. 
### 43.Multi-task Learning of Hierarchical Vision-Language Representation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00500.pdf)
>  It is still challenging to build an AI system that can perform tasks that involve vision and language at human level. So far, researchers have singled out individual tasks separately, for each of which they have designed networks and trained them on its dedicated datasets. Although this approach has seen a certain degree of success, it comes with difficulties of understanding relations among different tasks and transferring the knowledge learned for a task to others. We propose a multi-task learning approach that enables to learn vision-language representation that is shared by many tasks from their diverse datasets. The representation is hierarchical, and prediction for each task is computed from the representation at its corresponding level of the hierarchy. We show through experiments that our method consistently outperforms previous single-task-learning methods on image caption retrieval, visual question answering, and visual grounding. We also analyze the learned hierarchical representation by visualizing attention maps generated in our network. 
### 44.VADRA: Visual Adversarial Domain Randomization and Augmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00491.pdf)
>  We address the issue of learning from synthetic domain randomized data effectively. While previous works have showcased domain randomization as an effective learning approach, it lacks in challenging the learner and wastes valuable compute on generating easy examples. This can be attributed to uniform randomization over the rendering parameter distribution. In this work, firstly we provide a theoretical perspective on characteristics of domain randomization and analyze its limitations. As a solution to these limitations, we propose a novel algorithm which closes the loop between the synthetic generative model and the learner in an adversarial fashion. Our framework easily extends to the scenario when there is unlabelled target data available, thus incorporating domain adaptation. We evaluate our method on diverse vision tasks using state-of-the-art simulators for public datasets like CLEVR, Syn2Real, and VIRAT, where we demonstrate that a learner trained using adversarial data generation performs better than using a random data generation strategy. 
### 45.DeepLiDAR: Deep Surface Normal Guided Depth Prediction for Outdoor Scene from Sparse LiDAR Data and Single Color Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00488.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a deep learning architecture that produces accurate dense depth for the outdoor scene from a single color image and a sparse depth. Inspired by the indoor depth completion, our network estimates surface normals as the intermediate representation to produce dense depth, and can be trained end-to-end. With a modified encoder-decoder structure, our network effectively fuses the dense color image and the sparse LiDAR depth. To address outdoor specific challenges, our network predicts a confidence mask to handle mixed LiDAR signals near foreground boundaries due to occlusion, and combines estimates from the color image and surface normals with learned attention maps to improve the depth accuracy especially for distant areas. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our model improves upon the state-of-the-art performance on KITTI depth completion benchmark. Ablation study shows the positive impact of each model components to the final performance, and comprehensive analysis shows that our model generalizes well to the input with higher sparsity or from indoor scenes. 
### 46.Neural Rejuvenation: Improving Deep Network Training by Enhancing Computational Resource Utilization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00481.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of improving computational resource utilization of neural networks. Deep neural networks are usually over-parameterized for their tasks in order to achieve good performances, thus are likely to have underutilized computational resources. This observation motivates a lot of research topics, e.g. network pruning, architecture search, etc. As models with higher computational costs (e.g. more parameters or more computations) usually have better performances, we study the problem of improving the resource utilization of neural networks so that their potentials can be further realized. To this end, we propose a novel optimization method named Neural Rejuvenation. As its name suggests, our method detects dead neurons and computes resource utilization in real time, rejuvenates dead neurons by resource reallocation and reinitialization, and trains them with new training schemes. By simply replacing standard optimizers with Neural Rejuvenation, we are able to improve the performances of neural networks by a very large margin while using similar training efforts and maintaining their original resource usages. 
### 47.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation using Generative Models and Self-ensembling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00479.pdf)
>  Transferring knowledge across different datasets is an important approach to successfully train deep models with a small-scale target dataset or when few labeled instances are available. In this paper, we aim at developing a model that can generalize across multiple domain shifts, so that this model can adapt from a single source to multiple targets. This can be achieved by randomizing the generation of the data of various styles to mitigate the domain mismatch. First, we present a new adaptation to the CycleGAN model to produce stochastic style transfer between two image batches of different domains. Second, we enhance the classifier performance by using a self-ensembling technique with a teacher and student model to train on both original and generated data. Finally, we present experimental results on three datasets Office-31, Office-Home, and Visual Domain adaptation. The results suggest that selfensembling is better than simple data augmentation with the newly generated data and a single model trained this way can have the best performance across all different transfer tasks. 
### 48.Ego-Downward and Ambient Video based Person Location Association  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00477.pdf)
>  Using an ego-centric camera to do localization and tracking is highly needed for urban navigation and indoor assistive system when GPS is not available or not accurate enough. The traditional hand-designed feature tracking and estimation approach would fail without visible features. Recently, there are several works exploring to use context features to do localization. However, all of these suffer severe accuracy loss if given no visual context information. To provide a possible solution to this problem, this paper proposes a camera system with both ego-downward and third-static view to perform localization and tracking in a learning approach. Besides, we also proposed a novel action and motion verification model for cross-view verification and localization. We performed comparative experiments based on our collected dataset which considers the same dressing, gender, and background diversity. Results indicate that the proposed model can achieve $18.32 \%$ improvement in accuracy performance. Eventually, we tested the model on multi-people scenarios and obtained an average $67.767 \%$ accuracy. 
### 49.Anchor Box Optimization for Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00469.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a general approach to optimize anchor boxes for object detection. Nowadays, anchor boxes are widely adopted in state-of-the-art detection frameworks. However, all these frameworks pre-define anchor box shapes in a heuristic way and fix the size during training. To improve the accuracy and reduce the effort to design the anchor boxes, we propose to dynamically learn the shapes, which allows the anchors to automatically adapt to the data distribution and the network learning capability. The learning approach can be easily implemented in the stochastic gradient descent way and be plugged into any anchor box-based detection framework. The extra training cost is almost negligible and it has no impact on the inference time cost. Exhaustive experiments also demonstrate that the proposed anchor optimization method consistently achieves significant improvement ($\ge 1\%$ mAP absolute gain) over the baseline method on several benchmark datasets including Pascal VOC 07+12, MS COCO and Brainwash. Meanwhile, the robustness is also verified towards different anchor box initialization methods, which greatly simplifies the problem of anchor box design. 
### 50.&#34;Double-DIP&#34;: Unsupervised Image Decomposition via Coupled Deep-Image-Priors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00467.pdf)
>  Many seemingly unrelated computer vision tasks can be viewed as a special case of image decomposition into separate layers. For example, image segmentation (separation into foreground and background layers); transparent layer separation (into reflection and transmission layers); Image dehazing (separation into a clear image and a haze map), and more. In this paper we propose a unified framework for unsupervised layer decomposition of a single image, based on coupled &#34;Deep-image-Prior&#34; (DIP) networks. It was shown [Ulyanov et al] that the structure of a single DIP generator network is sufficient to capture the low-level statistics of a single image. We show that coupling multiple such DIPs provides a powerful tool for decomposing images into their basic components, for a wide variety of applications. This capability stems from the fact that the internal statistics of a mixture of layers is more complex than the statistics of each of its individual components. We show the power of this approach for Image-Dehazing, Fg/Bg Segmentation, Watermark-Removal, Transparency Separation in images and video, and more. These capabilities are achieved in a totally unsupervised way, with no training examples other than the input image/video itself. 
### 51.Disentangling Propagation and Generation for Video Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00452.pdf)
>  Learning to predict future video frames is a challenging task. Recent approaches for natural scenes directly predict pixels via inferring appearance flow and using flow-guided warping. Such models excel when motion estimates are accurate, but the motion may be ambiguous or erroneous in many real scenes. When scene motion exposes new regions of the scene, motion-based prediction yields poor results. However, learning to predict novel pixels directly can also require a prohibitive amount of training. In this work, we present a confidence-aware spatial-temporal context encoder for video prediction called Flow-Grounded Video Prediction (FGVP), in which motion propagation and novel pixel generation are first disentangled and then fused according to computed flow uncertainty map. For regions where motion-based prediction shows low-confidence, our model uses a conditional context encoder to hallucinate appropriate content. We test our methods on the standard CalTech Pedestrian dataset and the more challenging KITTI Flow dataset of larger motions and occlusions. Our methods produce both sharp and natural predictions compared to previous works, achieving the state-of-the-art performance on both datasets. 
### 52.Deep Cosine Metric Learning for Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00442.pdf)
>  Metric learning aims to construct an embedding where two extracted features corresponding to the same identity are likely to be closer than features from different identities. This paper presents a method for learning such a feature space where the cosine similarity is effectively optimized through a simple re-parametrization of the conventional softmax classification regime. At test time, the final classification layer can be stripped from the network to facilitate nearest neighbor queries on unseen individuals using the cosine similarity metric. This approach presents a simple alternative to direct metric learning objectives such as siamese networks that have required sophisticated pair or triplet sampling strategies in the past. The method is evaluated on two large-scale pedestrian re-identification datasets where competitive results are achieved overall. In particular, we achieve better generalization on the test set compared to a network trained with triplet loss. 
### 53.Pedestrian Detection with Autoregressive Network Phases  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00440.pdf)
>  We present an autoregressive pedestrian detection framework with cascaded phases designed to progressively improve precision. The proposed framework utilizes a novel lightweight stackable decoder-encoder module which uses convolutional re-sampling layers to improve features while maintaining efficient memory and runtime cost. Unlike previous cascaded detection systems, our proposed framework is designed within a region proposal network and thus retains greater context of nearby detections compared to independently processed RoI systems. We explicitly encourage increasing levels of precision by assigning strict labeling policies to each consecutive phase such that early phases develop features primarily focused on achieving high recall and later on accurate precision. In consequence, the final feature maps form more peaky radial gradients emulating from the centroids of unique pedestrians. Using our proposed autoregressive framework leads to new state-of-the-art performance on the reasonable and occlusion settings of the Caltech pedestrian dataset, and achieves competitive state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI dataset. 
### 54.Computing Spatial Image Convolutions for Event Cameras  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00438.pdf)
>  Spatial convolution is arguably the most fundamental of 2D image processing operations. Conventional spatial image convolution can only be applied to a conventional image, that is, an array of pixel values (or similar image representation) that are associated with a single instant in time. Event cameras have serial, asynchronous output with no natural notion of an image frame, and each event arrives with a different timestamp. In this paper, we propose a method to compute the convolution of a linear spatial kernel with the output of an event camera. The approach operates on the event stream output of the camera directly without synthesising pseudo-image frames as is common in the literature. The key idea is the introduction of an internal state that directly encodes the convolved image information, which is updated asynchronously as each event arrives from the camera. The state can be read-off as-often-as and whenever required for use in higher level vision algorithms for real-time robotic systems. We demonstrate the application of our method to corner detection, providing an implementation of a Harris corner-response `state&#39; that can be used in real-time for feature detection and tracking on robotic systems. 
### 55.GPSfM: Global Projective SFM Using Algebraic Constraints on Multi-View Fundamental Matrices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00426.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of recovering projective camera matrices from collections of fundamental matrices in multiview settings. We make two main contributions. First, given ${n \choose 2}$ fundamental matrices computed for $n$ images, we provide a complete algebraic characterization in the form of conditions that are both necessary and sufficient to enabling the recovery of camera matrices. These conditions are based on arranging the fundamental matrices as blocks in a single matrix, called the $n$-view fundamental matrix, and characterizing this matrix in terms of the signs of its eigenvalues and rank structures. Secondly, we propose a concrete algorithm for projective structure-from-motion that utilizes this characterization. Given a complete or partial collection of measured fundamental matrices, our method seeks camera matrices that minimize a global algebraic error for the measured fundamental matrices. In contrast to existing methods, our optimization, without any initialization, produces a consistent set of fundamental matrices that corresponds to a unique set of cameras (up to a choice of projective frame). Our experiments indicate that our method achieves state of the art performance in both accuracy and running time. 
### 56.A Psychovisual Analysis on Deep CNN Features for Perceptual Metrics and A Novel Psychovisual Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00412.pdf)
>  The efficacy of Deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) features as perceptual metrics has been demonstrated by researchers. Nevertheless, any thorough analysis in the context of human visual perception on &#39;why deep CNN features perform well as perceptual metrics?&#39;, &#39;Which layers are better?&#39;, &#39;Which feature maps are better?&#39; and most importantly, &#39;Why they are better?&#39; has not been studied. In this paper, we address these issues and provide an analysis for deep CNN features in terms of Human Visual System (HVS) characteristics. We scrutinize the frequency tuning of feature maps in a trained deep CNN (e.g., VGG-16) by applying grating stimuli of different spatial frequencies as input, presenting a novel analytical technique that may help us to better understand and compare characteristics of CNNs with the human brain. We observe that feature maps behave as spatial frequency-selective filters which can be best explained by the well-established &#39;spatial frequency theory&#39; for the visual cortex. We analyze the frequency sensitivity of deep features in relation to the human contrast sensitivity function. Based on this, we design a novel Visual Frequency Sensitivity Score (VFSS) to explain and quantify the efficacy of feature maps as perceptual metrics. Based on our psychovisual analysis, we propose a weighting mechanism to discriminate between feature maps on the basis of their perceptual properties and use this weighting to improve the VGG perceptual loss. The proposed psychovisual loss results in reconstructions with less distortion and better perceptive visual quality. 
### 57.CASIA-SURF: A Dataset and Benchmark for Large-scale Multi-modal Face Anti-Spoofing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00408.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing is essential to prevent face recognition systems from a security breach. Much of the progresses have been made by the availability of face anti-spoofing benchmark datasets in recent years. However, existing face anti-spoofing benchmarks have limited number of subjects ($\le\negmedspace170$) and modalities ($\leq\negmedspace2$), which hinder the further development of the academic community. To facilitate future face anti-spoofing research, we introduce a large-scale multi-modal dataset, namely CASIA-SURF, which is the largest publicly available dataset for face anti-spoofing both in terms of subjects and visual modalities. Specifically, it consists of $1,000$ subjects with $21,000$ videos and each sample has $3$ modalities (i.e., RGB, Depth and IR). Associated with this dataset, we also provide concrete measurement set, evaluation protocol and training/validation/testing subsets, developing a new benchmark for face anti-spoofing. Moreover, we present a new multi-modal fusion method as a strong baseline, which performs feature re-weighting to select the more informative channel features while suppressing less useful ones for each modal. Extensive experiments have been conducted on the proposed dataset to verify its significance and generalization capability. 
### 58.Kiki Kills: Identifying Dangerous Challenge Videos from Social Media  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00399.pdf)
>  There has been upsurge in the number of people participating in challenges made popular through social media channels. One of the examples of such a challenge is the Kiki Challenge, in which people step out of their moving cars and dance to the tunes of the song, &#39;Kiki, Do you love me?&#39;. Such an action makes the people taking the challenge prone to accidents and can also create nuisance for the others traveling on the road. In this work, we introduce the prevalence of such challenges in social media and show how the machine learning community can aid in preventing dangerous situations triggered by them by developing models that can distinguish between dangerous and non-dangerous challenge videos. Towards this objective, we release a new dataset namely MIDAS-KIKI dataset, consisting of manually annotated dangerous and non-dangerous Kiki challenge videos. Further, we train a deep learning model to identify dangerous and non-dangerous videos, and report our results. 
### 59.MDU-Net: Multi-scale Densely Connected U-Net for\linebreak biomedical image segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00352.pdf)
>  Radiologist is &#34;doctor&#39;s doctor&#34;, biomedical image segmentation plays a central role in quantitative analysis, clinical diagnosis, and medical intervention. In the light of the fully convolutional networks (FCN) and U-Net, deep convolutional networks (DNNs) have made significant contributions in biomedical image segmentation applications. In this paper, based on U-Net, we propose MDUnet, a multi-scale densely connected U-net for biomedical image segmentation. we propose three different multi-scale dense connections for U shaped architectures encoder, decoder and across them. The highlights of our architecture is directly fuses the neighboring different scale feature maps from both higher layers and lower layers to strengthen feature propagation in current layer. Which can largely improves the information flow encoder, decoder and across them. Multi-scale dense connections, which means containing shorter connections between layers close to the input and output, also makes much deeper U-net possible. We adopt the optimal model based on the experiment and propose a novel Multi-scale Dense U-Net (MDU-Net) architecture with quantization. Which reduce overfitting in MDU-Net for better accuracy. We evaluate our purpose model on the MICCAI 2015 Gland Segmentation dataset (GlaS). The three multi-scale dense connections improve U-net performance by up to 1.8\% on test A and 3.5\% on test B in the MICCAI Gland dataset. Meanwhile the MDU-net with quantization achieves the superiority over U-Net performance by up to 3\% on test A and 4.1\% on test B. 
### 60.How to Make a BLT Sandwich? Learning to Reason towards Understanding Web Instructional Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00344.pdf)
>  Understanding web instructional videos is an essential branch of video understanding in two aspects. First, most existing video methods focus on short-term actions for a-few-second-long video clips; these methods are not directly applicable to long videos. Second, unlike unconstrained long videos, e.g., movies, instructional videos are more structured in that they have step-by-step procedure constraining the understanding task. In this paper, we study reasoning on instructional videos via question-answering (QA). Surprisingly, it has not been an emphasis in the video community despite its rich applications. We thereby introduce YouQuek, an annotated QA dataset for instructional videos based on the recent YouCook2~\cite{Youcook}. The questions in YouQuek are not limited to cues on one frame but related to logical reasoning in the temporal dimension. Observing the lack of effective representations for modeling long videos, we propose a set of carefully designed models including a novel Recurrent Graph Convolutional Network (RGCN) that captures both temporal order and relation information. Furthermore, we study multiple modalities including description and transcripts for the purpose of boosting video understanding. Extensive experiments on YouQuek suggest that RGCN performs the best in terms of QA accuracy and a better performance is gained by introducing human annotated description. 
### 61.Image Score: How to Select Useful Samples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00334.pdf)
>  There has long been debates on how we could interpret neural networks and understand the decisions our models make. Specifically, why deep neural networks tend to be error-prone when dealing with samples that output low softmax scores. We present an efficient approach to measure the confidence of decision-making steps by statistically investigating each unit&#39;s contribution to that decision. Instead of focusing on how the models react on datasets, we study the datasets themselves given a pre-trained model. Our approach is capable of assigning a score to each sample within a dataset that measures the frequency of occurrence of that sample&#39;s chain of activation. We demonstrate with experiments that our method could select useful samples to improve deep neural networks in a semi-supervised leaning setting. 
### 62.PVRNet: Point-View Relation Neural Network for 3D Shape Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00333.pdf)
>  Three-dimensional (3D) shape recognition has drawn much research attention in the field of computer vision. The advances of deep learning encourage various deep models for 3D feature representation. For point cloud and multi-view data, two popular 3D data modalities, different models are proposed with remarkable performance. However the relation between point cloud and views has been rarely investigated. In this paper, we introduce Point-View Relation Network (PVRNet), an effective network designed to well fuse the view features and the point cloud feature with a proposed relation score module. More specifically, based on the relation score module, the point-single-view fusion feature is first extracted by fusing the point cloud feature and each single view feature with point-singe-view relation, then the point-multi-view fusion feature is extracted by fusing the point cloud feature and the features of different number of views with point-multi-view relation. Finally, the point-single-view fusion feature and point-multi-view fusion feature are further combined together to achieve a unified representation for a 3D shape. Our proposed PVRNet has been evaluated on ModelNet40 dataset for 3D shape classification and retrieval. Experimental results indicate our model can achieve significant performance improvement compared with the state-of-the-art models. 
### 63.Iterative Reorganization with Weak Spatial Constraints: Solving Arbitrary Jigsaw Puzzles for Unsupervised Representation Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00329.pdf)
>  Learning visual features from unlabeled image data is an important yet challenging task, which is often achieved by training a model on some annotation-free information. We consider spatial contexts, for which we solve so-called jigsaw puzzles, i.e., each image is cut into grids and then disordered, and the goal is to recover the correct configuration. Existing approaches formulated it as a classification task by defining a fixed mapping from a small subset of configurations to a class set, but these approaches ignore the underlying relationship between different configurations and also limit their application to more complex scenarios. This paper presents a novel approach which applies to jigsaw puzzles with an arbitrary grid size and dimensionality. We provide a fundamental and generalized principle, that weaker cues are easier to be learned in an unsupervised manner and also transfer better. In the context of puzzle recognition, we use an iterative manner which, instead of solving the puzzle all at once, adjusts the order of the patches in each step until convergence. In each step, we combine both unary and binary features on each patch into a cost function judging the correctness of the current configuration. Our approach, by taking similarity between puzzles into consideration, enjoys a more reasonable way of learning visual knowledge. We verify the effectiveness of our approach in two aspects. First, it is able to solve arbitrarily complex puzzles, including high-dimensional puzzles, that prior methods are difficult to handle. Second, it serves as a reliable way of network initialization, which leads to better transfer performance in a few visual recognition tasks including image classification, object detection, and semantic segmentation. 
### 64.End-to-end Learning of Convolutional Neural Net and Dynamic Programming for Left Ventricle Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00328.pdf)
>  Differentiable programming is able to combine different functions or programs in a processing pipeline with the goal of applying end-to-end learning or optimization. A significant impediment is the non-differentiable nature of some algorithms. We propose to use synthetic gradients (SG) to overcome this difficulty. SG uses the universal function approximation property of neural networks. We apply SG to combine convolutional neural network (CNN) with dynamic programming (DP) in end-to-end learning for segmenting left ventricle from short axis view of heart MRI. Our experiments show that end-to-end combination of CNN and DP requires fewer labeled images to achieve a significantly better segmentation accuracy than using only CNN. 
### 65.CrowdPose: Efficient Crowded Scenes Pose Estimation and A New Benchmark  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00324.pdf)
>  Multi-person pose estimation is fundamental to many computer vision tasks and has made significant progress in recent years. However, few previous methods explored the problem of pose estimation in crowded scenes while it remains challenging and inevitable in many scenarios. Moreover, current benchmarks cannot provide an appropriate evaluation for such cases. In this paper, we propose a novel and efficient method to tackle the problem of pose estimation in the crowd and a new dataset to better evaluate algorithms. Our model consists of two key components: joint-candidate single person pose estimation (SPPE) and global maximum joints association. With multi-peak prediction for each joint and global association using graph model, our method is robust to inevitable interference in crowded scenes and very efficient in inference. The proposed method surpasses the state-of-the-art methods on CrowdPose dataset by 4.8 mAP and results on MSCOCO dataset demonstrate the generalization ability of our method. Source code and dataset will be made publicly available. 
### 66.ECO: Egocentric Cognitive Mapping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00312.pdf)
>  We present a new method to localize a camera within a previously unseen environment perceived from an egocentric point of view. Although this is, in general, an ill-posed problem, humans can effortlessly and efficiently determine their relative location and orientation and navigate into a previously unseen environments, e.g., finding a specific item in a new grocery store. To enable such a capability, we design a new egocentric representation, which we call ECO (Egocentric COgnitive map). ECO is biologically inspired, by the cognitive map that allows human navigation, and it encodes the surrounding visual semantics with respect to both distance and orientation. ECO possesses three main properties: (1) reconfigurability: complex semantics and geometry is captured via the synthesis of atomic visual representations (e.g., image patch); (2) robustness: the visual semantics are registered in a geometrically consistent way (e.g., aligning with respect to the gravity vector, frontalizing, and rescaling to canonical depth), thus enabling us to learn meaningful atomic representations; (3) adaptability: a domain adaptation framework is designed to generalize the learned representation without manual calibration. As a proof-of-concept, we use ECO to localize a camera within real-world scenes---various grocery stores---and demonstrate performance improvements when compared to existing semantic localization approaches. 
### 67.Multi-modal Capsule Routing for Actor and Action Video Segmentation Conditioned on Natural Language Queries  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00303.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an end-to-end capsule network for pixel level localization of actors and actions present in a video. The localization is performed based on a natural language query through which an actor and action are specified. We propose to encode both the video as well as textual input in the form of capsules, which provide more effective representation in comparison with standard convolution based features. We introduce a novel capsule based attention mechanism for fusion of video and text capsules for text selected video segmentation. The attention mechanism is performed via joint EM routing over video and text capsules for text selected actor and action localization. The existing works on actor-action localization are mainly focused on localization in a single frame instead of the full video. Different from existing works, we propose to perform the localization on all frames of the video. To validate the potential of the proposed network for actor and action localization on all the frames of a video, we extend an existing actor-action dataset (A2D) with annotations for all the frames. The experimental evaluation demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed capsule network for text selective actor and action localization in videos, and it also improves upon the performance of the existing state-of-the art works on single frame-based localization. 
### 68.Plan-Recognition-Driven Attention Modeling for Visual Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00301.pdf)
>  Human visual recognition of activities or external agents involves an interplay between high-level plan recognition and low-level perception. Given that, a natural question to ask is: can low-level perception be improved by high-level plan recognition? We formulate the problem of leveraging recognized plans to generate better top-down attention maps \cite{gazzaniga2009,baluch2011} to improve the perception performance. We call these top-down attention maps specifically as plan-recognition-driven attention maps. To address this problem, we introduce the Pixel Dynamics Network. Pixel Dynamics Network serves as an observation model, which predicts next states of object points at each pixel location given observation of pixels and pixel-level action feature. This is like internally learning a pixel-level dynamics model. Pixel Dynamics Network is a kind of Convolutional Neural Network (ConvNet), with specially-designed architecture. Therefore, Pixel Dynamics Network could take the advantage of parallel computation of ConvNets, while learning the pixel-level dynamics model. We further prove the equivalence between Pixel Dynamics Network as an observation model, and the belief update in partially observable Markov decision process (POMDP) framework. We evaluate our Pixel Dynamics Network in event recognition tasks. We build an event recognition system, ER-PRN, which takes Pixel Dynamics Network as a subroutine, to recognize events based on observations augmented by plan-recognition-driven attention. 
### 69.Classifying a specific image region using convolutional nets with an ROI mask as input  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00291.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural nets (CNN) are the leading computer vision method for classifying images. In some cases, it is desirable to classify only a specific region of the image that corresponds to a certain object. Hence, assuming that the region of the object in the image is known in advance and is given as a binary region of interest (ROI) mask, the goal is to classify the object in this region using a convolutional neural net. This goal is achieved using a standard image classification net with the addition of a side branch, which converts the ROI mask into an attention map. This map is then combined with the image classification net. This allows the net to focus the attention on the object region while still extracting contextual cues from the background. This approach was evaluated using the COCO object dataset and the OpenSurfaces materials dataset. In both cases, it gave superior results to methods that completely ignore the background region. In addition, it was found that combining the attention map at the first layer of the net gave better results than combining it at higher layers or multiple layers of the net. The advantages of this method are most apparent in the classification of small regions which demands a great deal of contextual information from the background. 
### 70.Explaining the Ambiguity of Object Detection and 6D Pose from Visual Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00287.pdf)
>  3D object detection and pose estimation from a single image are two inherently ambiguous problems. Oftentimes, objects appear similar from different viewpoints due to shape symmetries, occlusion and repetitive textures. This ambiguity in both detection and pose estimation means that an object instance can be perfectly described by several different poses and even classes. In this work we propose to explicitly deal with this uncertainty. For each object instance we predict multiple pose and class outcomes to estimate the specific pose distribution generated by symmetries and repetitive textures. The distribution collapses to a single outcome when the visual appearance uniquely identifies just one valid pose. We show the benefits of our approach which provides not only a better explanation for pose ambiguity, but also a higher accuracy in terms of pose estimation. 
### 71.HUMBI 1.0: HUman Multiview Behavioral Imaging Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00281.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new dataset called HUMBI - a large corpus of high fidelity models of behavioral signals in 3D from a diverse population measured by a massive multi-camera system. With our novel design of a portable imaging system (consists of 107 HD cameras), we collect human behaviors from 164 subjects across gender, ethnicity, age, and physical condition at a public venue. Using the multiview image streams, we reconstruct high fidelity models of five elementary parts: gaze, face, hands, body, and cloth. As a byproduct, the 3D model provides geometrically consistent image annotation via 2D projection, e.g., body part segmentation. This dataset is a significant departure from the existing human datasets that suffers from subject diversity. We hope the HUMBI opens up a new opportunity for the development for behavioral imaging. 
### 72.Lifelong Learning for Image Captioning by Asking Natural Language Questions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00235.pdf)
>  In order to bring artificial agents into our lives, we will need to go beyond supervised learning on closed datasets to having the ability to continuously expand knowledge. Inspired by a student learning in a classroom, we present an agent that can continuously learn by posing natural language questions to humans. Our agent is composed of three interacting modules, one that performs captioning, another that generates questions and a decision maker that learns when to ask questions by implicitly reasoning about the uncertainty of the agent and expertise of the teacher. As compared to current active learning methods which query images for full captions, our agent is able to ask pointed questions to improve the generated captions. The agent trains on the improved captions, expanding its knowledge. We show that our approach achieves better performance using less human supervision than the baselines on the challenging MSCOCO dataset. 
### 73.Internal Distribution Matching for Natural Image Retargeting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00231.pdf)
>  Good Visual Retargeting changes the global size and aspect ratio of a natural image, while preserving the size and aspect ratio of all its local elements. We propose formulating this principle by requiring that the distribution of patches in the input matches the distribution of patches in the output. We introduce a Deep-Learning approach for retargeting, based on an &#34;Internal GAN&#34; (InGAN). InGAN is an image-specific GAN. It incorporates the Internal statistics of a single natural image in a GAN. It is trained on a single input image and learns the distribution of its patches. It is then able to synthesize natural looking target images composed from the input image patch-distribution. InGAN is totally unsupervised, and requires no additional data other than the input image itself. Moreover, once trained on the input image, it can generate target images of any specified size or aspect ratio in real-time. 
### 74.Towards Traversing the Continuous Spectrum of Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00202.pdf)
>  Image retrieval is one of the most popular tasks in computer vision. However, the proposed approaches in the literature can be roughly categorized into two groups: category- and instance-based retrieval. In this work, we show that the retrieval task is much richer and more complex, and can be viewed as a continuous spectrum spanning the space among these operational points. Hence, we propose to tackle a novel retrieval task where we want to smoothly traverse the simplex from category- to instance- and attribute-based retrieval. We propose a novel deep network architecture that learns to decompose an input query image into its basic components of categorical and attribute information. Moreover, using a continuous control parameter, our model learns to reconstruct a new embedding of the query by mixing these two signals, with different proportions, to target a specific point along the retrieval simplex. We demonstrate our idea in a detailed evaluation of the proposed model and highlight the advantages of our approach against a set of well-established retrieval model baselines. 
### 75.Racial Faces in-the-Wild: Reducing Racial Bias by Deep Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00194.pdf)
>  Despite of the progress achieved by deep learning in face recognition (FR), more and more people find that racial bias explicitly degrades the performance in realistic FR systems. Facing the fact that existing training and testing databases consist of almost Caucasian subjects, there are still no independent testing databases to evaluate racial bias and even no training databases and methods to reduce it. To facilitate the research towards conquering those unfair issues, this paper contributes a new dataset called Racial Faces in-the-Wild (RFW) database with two important uses, 1) racial bias testing: four testing subsets, namely Caucasian, Asian, Indian and African, are constructed, and each contains about 3000 individuals with 6000 image pairs for face verification, 2) racial bias reducing: one labeled training subset with Caucasians and three unlabeled training subsets with Asians, Indians and Africans are offered to encourage FR algorithms to transfer recognition knowledge from Caucasians to other races. For we all know, RFW is the first database for measuring racial bias in FR algorithms. After proving the existence of domain gap among different races and the existence of racial bias in FR algorithms, we further propose a deep information maximization adaptation network (IMAN) to bridge the domain gap, and comprehensive experiments show that the racial bias could be narrowed-down by our algorithm. 
### 76.Vision-Based Gait Analysis for Senior Care  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00169.pdf)
>  As the senior population rapidly increases, it is challenging yet crucial to provide effective long-term care for seniors who live at home or in senior care facilities. Smart senior homes, which have gained widespread interest in the healthcare community, have been proposed to improve the well-being of seniors living independently. In particular, non-intrusive, cost-effective sensors placed in these senior homes enable gait characterization, which can provide clinically relevant information including mobility level and early neurodegenerative disease risk. In this paper, we present a method to perform gait analysis from a single camera placed within the home. We show that we can accurately calculate various gait parameters, demonstrating the potential for our system to monitor the long-term gait of seniors and thus aid clinicians in understanding a patient&#39;s medical profile. 
### 77.Learning RoI Transformer for Detecting Oriented Objects in Aerial Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00155.pdf)
>  Object detection in aerial images is an active yet challenging task in computer vision because of the birdview perspective, the highly complex backgrounds, and the variant appearances of objects. Especially when detecting densely packed objects in aerial images, methods relying on horizontal proposals for common object detection often introduce mismatches between the Region of Interests (RoIs) and objects. This leads to the common misalignment between the final object classification confidence and localization accuracy. Although rotated anchors have been used to tackle this problem, the design of them always multiplies the number of anchors and dramatically increases the computational complexity. In this paper, we propose a RoI Transformer to address these problems. More precisely, to improve the quality of region proposals, we first designed a Rotated RoI (RRoI) learner to transform a Horizontal Region of Interest (HRoI) into a Rotated Region of Interest (RRoI). Based on the RRoIs, we then proposed a Rotated Position Sensitive RoI Align (RPS-RoI-Align) module to extract rotation-invariant features from them for boosting subsequent classification and regression. Our RoI Transformer is with light weight and can be easily embedded into detectors for oriented object detection. A simple implementation of the RoI Transformer has achieved state-of-the-art performances on two common and challenging aerial datasets, i.e., DOTA and HRSC2016, with a neglectable reduction to detection speed. Our RoI Transformer exceeds the deformable Position Sensitive RoI pooling when oriented bounding-box annotations are available. Extensive experiments have also validated the flexibility and effectiveness of our RoI Transformer. The results demonstrate that it can be easily integrated with other detector architectures and significantly improve the performances. 
### 78.Automated segmentaiton and classification of arterioles and venules using Cascading Dilated Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00137.pdf)
>  The change of retinal vasculature is an early sign of many vascular and systematic diseases, such as diabetes and hypertension. Different behaviors of retinal arterioles and venules form an important metric to measure the disease severity. Therefore, an accurate classification of arterioles and venules is of great necessity. In this work, we propose a novel architecture of deep convolutional neural network for segmenting and classifying arterioles and venules on retinal fundus images. This network takes the original color fundus image as inputs and multi-class labels as outputs. We adopt the encoding-decoding structure (Unet) as the backbone network of our proposed model. To improve the classification accuracy, we develop a special encoding path that couples InceptionV4 modules and Cascading Dilated Convolutions (CDCs) on top of the backbone network. The model is thus able to extract and fuse high-level semantic features from multi-scale receptive fields. The proposed method has outperformed the previous state-of-the-art method on DRIVE dataset with an accuracy of 0.955 $\pm$ 0.002. 
### 79.NOTE-RCNN: NOise Tolerant Ensemble RCNN for Semi-Supervised Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00124.pdf)
>  The labeling cost of large number of bounding boxes is one of the main challenges for training modern object detectors. To reduce the dependence on expensive bounding box annotations, we propose a new semi-supervised object detection formulation, in which a few seed box level annotations and a large scale of image level annotations are used to train the detector. We adopt a training-mining framework, which is widely used in weakly supervised object detection tasks. However, the mining process inherently introduces various kinds of labelling noises: false negatives, false positives and inaccurate boundaries, which can be harmful for training the standard object detectors (e.g. Faster RCNN). We propose a novel NOise Tolerant Ensemble RCNN (NOTE-RCNN) object detector to handle such noisy labels. Comparing to standard Faster RCNN, it contains three highlights: an ensemble of two classification heads and a distillation head to avoid overfitting on noisy labels and improve the mining precision, masking the negative sample loss in box predictor to avoid the harm of false negative labels, and training box regression head only on seed annotations to eliminate the harm from inaccurate boundaries of mined bounding boxes. We evaluate the methods on ILSVRC 2013 and MSCOCO 2017 dataset; we observe that the detection accuracy consistently improves as we iterate between mining and training steps, and state-of-the-art performance is achieved. 
### 80.Snapshot Distillation: Teacher-Student Optimization in One Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00123.pdf)
>  Optimizing a deep neural network is a fundamental task in computer vision, yet direct training methods often suffer from over-fitting. Teacher-student optimization aims at providing complementary cues from a model trained previously, but these approaches are often considerably slow due to the pipeline of training a few generations in sequence, i.e., time complexity is increased by several times. <br />This paper presents snapshot distillation (SD), the first framework which enables teacher-student optimization in one generation. The idea of SD is very simple: instead of borrowing supervision signals from previous generations, we extract such information from earlier epochs in the same generation, meanwhile make sure that the difference between teacher and student is sufficiently large so as to prevent under-fitting. To achieve this goal, we implement SD in a cyclic learning rate policy, in which the last snapshot of each cycle is used as the teacher for all iterations in the next cycle, and the teacher signal is smoothed to provide richer information. In standard image classification benchmarks such as CIFAR100 and ILSVRC2012, SD achieves consistent accuracy gain without heavy computational overheads. We also verify that models pre-trained with SD transfers well to object detection and semantic segmentation in the PascalVOC dataset. 
### 81.Multi-View Egocentric Video Summarization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00108.pdf)
>  With vast amounts of video content being uploaded to the Internet every minute, video summarization becomes critical for efficient browsing, searching, and indexing of visual content. Nonetheless, the spread of social and egocentric cameras tends to create an abundance of sparse scenarios captured by several devices, and ultimately required to be jointly summarized. In this paper, we propose the problem of summarizing videos recorded simultaneously by several egocentric cameras that intermittently share the field of view. We present a supervised-learning framework that (a) identifies a diverse set of important events among dynamically moving cameras that often are not capturing the same scene, and (b) selects the most representative view(s) at each event to be included in the universal summary. A key contribution of our work is collecting a new multi-view egocentric dataset, Multi-Ego, due to the lack of an applicable and relevant alternative. Our dataset consists of 41 sequences, each recorded simultaneously by 3 cameras and covering a wide variety of real-life scenarios. The footage is annotated comprehensively by multiple individuals under various summarization settings: (a) single view, (b) two view, and (c) three view, with a consensus analysis ensuring a reliable ground truth. We conduct extensive experiments on the compiled dataset to show the effectiveness of our approach over several state-of-the-art baselines. We also show that it can learn from data of varied number-of-views, deeming it a scalable and a generic summarization approach. Our dataset and materials are publicly available. 
### 82.From Third Person to First Person: Dataset and Baselines for Synthesis and Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00104.pdf)
>  First-person (egocentric) and third person (exocentric) videos are drastically different in nature. The relationship between these two views have been studied in recent years, however, it has yet to be fully explored. In this work, we introduce two datasets (synthetic and natural/real) containing simultaneously recorded egocentric and exocentric videos. We also explore relating the two domains (egocentric and exocentric) in two aspects. First, we synthesize images in the egocentric domain from the exocentric domain using a conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN). We show that with enough training data, our network is capable of hallucinating how the world would look like from an egocentric perspective, given an exocentric video. Second, we address the cross-view retrieval problem across the two views. Given an egocentric query frame (or its momentary optical flow), we retrieve its corresponding exocentric frame (or optical flow) from a gallery set. We show that using synthetic data could be beneficial in retrieving real data. We show that performing domain adaptation from the synthetic domain to the natural/real domain, is helpful in tasks such as retrieval. We believe that the presented datasets and the proposed baselines offer new opportunities for further research in this direction. The code and dataset are publicly available. 
### 83.Understanding Unequal Gender Classification Accuracy from Face Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00099.pdf)
>  Recent work shows unequal performance of commercial face classification services in the gender classification task across intersectional groups defined by skin type and gender. Accuracy on dark-skinned females is significantly worse than on any other group. In this paper, we conduct several analyses to try to uncover the reason for this gap. The main finding, perhaps surprisingly, is that skin type is not the driver. This conclusion is reached via stability experiments that vary an image&#39;s skin type via color-theoretic methods, namely luminance mode-shift and optimal transport. A second suspect, hair length, is also shown not to be the driver via experiments on face images cropped to exclude the hair. Finally, using contrastive post-hoc explanation techniques for neural networks, we bring forth evidence suggesting that differences in lip, eye and cheek structure across ethnicity lead to the differences. Further, lip and eye makeup are seen as strong predictors for a female face, which is a troubling propagation of a gender stereotype. 
### 84.Mixed Precision Quantization of ConvNets via Differentiable Neural Architecture Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00090.pdf)
>  Recent work in network quantization has substantially reduced the time and space complexity of neural network inference, enabling their deployment on embedded and mobile devices with limited computational and memory resources. However, existing quantization methods often represent all weights and activations with the same precision (bit-width). In this paper, we explore a new dimension of the design space: quantizing different layers with different bit-widths. We formulate this problem as a neural architecture search problem and propose a novel differentiable neural architecture search (DNAS) framework to efficiently explore its exponential search space with gradient-based optimization. Experiments show we surpass the state-of-the-art compression of ResNet on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet. Our quantized models with 21.1x smaller model size or 103.9x lower computational cost can still outperform baseline quantized or even full precision models. 
### 85.MAN: Moment Alignment Network for Natural Language Moment Retrieval via Iterative Graph Adjustment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00087.pdf)
>  This research strives for natural language moment retrieval in long, untrimmed video streams. The problem nevertheless is not trivial especially when a video contains multiple moments of interests and the language describes complex temporal dependencies, which often happens in real scenarios. We identify two crucial challenges: semantic misalignment and structural misalignment. However, existing approaches treat different moments separately and do not explicitly model complex moment-wise temporal relations. In this paper, we present Moment Alignment Network (MAN), a novel framework that unifies the candidate moment encoding and temporal structural reasoning in a single-shot feed-forward network. MAN naturally assigns candidate moment representations aligned with language semantics over different temporal locations and scales. Most importantly, we propose to explicitly model moment-wise temporal relations as a structured graph and devise an iterative graph adjustment network to jointly learn the best structure in an end-to-end manner. We evaluate the proposed approach on two challenging public benchmarks Charades-STA and DiDeMo, where our MAN significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art by a large margin. 
### 86.Adversarial Defense by Stratified Convolutional Sparse Coding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00037.pdf)
>  We propose an adversarial defense method that achieves state-of-the-art performance among attack-agnostic adversarial defense methods while also maintaining robustness to input resolution, scale of adversarial perturbation, and scale of dataset size. Based on convolutional sparse coding, we construct a stratified low-dimensional quasi-natural image space that faithfully approximates the natural image space while also removing adversarial perturbations. We introduce a novel Sparse Transformation Layer (STL) in between the input image and the first layer of the neural network to efficiently project images into our quasi-natural image space. Our experiments show state-of-the-art performance of our method compared to other attack-agnostic adversarial defense methods in various adversarial settings. 
### 87.TextureNet: Consistent Local Parametrizations for Learning from High-Resolution Signals on Meshes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00020.pdf)
>  We introduce, TextureNet, a neural network architecture designed to extract features from high-resolution signals associated with 3D surface meshes (e.g., color texture maps). The key idea is to utilize a 4-rotational symmetric (4-RoSy) field to define a domain for convolution on a surface. Though 4-RoSy fields have several properties favorable for convolution on surfaces (low distortion, few singularities, consistent parameterization, etc.), orientations are ambiguous up to 4-fold rotation at any sample point. So, we introduce a new convolutional operator invariant to the 4-RoSy ambiguity and use it in a network to extract features from high-resolution signals on geodesic neighborhoods of a surface. In comparison to alternatives, such as PointNet based methods which lack a notion of orientation, the coherent structure given by these neighborhoods results in significantly stronger features. As an example application, we demonstrate the benefits of our architecture for 3D semantic segmentation of textured 3D meshes. The results show that our method outperforms all existing methods on the basis of mean IoU by a significant margin in both geometry-only (6.4%) and RGB+Geometry (6.9-8.2%) settings. 
### 88.Generating Diverse Programs with Instruction Conditioned Reinforced Adversarial Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00898.pdf)
>  Advances in Deep Reinforcement Learning have led to agents that perform well across a variety of sensory-motor domains. In this work, we study the setting in which an agent must learn to generate programs for diverse scenes conditioned on a given symbolic instruction. Final goals are specified to our agent via images of the scenes. A symbolic instruction consistent with the goal images is used as the conditioning input for our policies. Since a single instruction corresponds to a diverse set of different but still consistent end-goal images, the agent needs to learn to generate a distribution over programs given an instruction. We demonstrate that with simple changes to the reinforced adversarial learning objective, we can learn instruction conditioned policies to achieve the corresponding diverse set of goals. Most importantly, our agent&#39;s stochastic policy is shown to more accurately capture the diversity in the goal distribution than a fixed pixel-based reward function baseline. We demonstrate the efficacy of our approach on two domains: (1) drawing MNIST digits with a paint software conditioned on instructions and (2) constructing scenes in a 3D editor that satisfies a certain instruction. 
### 89.Iterative Potts minimization for the recovery of signals with discontinuities from indirect measurements -- the multivariate case  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00862.pdf)
>  Signals and images with discontinuities appear in many problems in such diverse areas as biology, medicine, mechanics, and electrical engineering. The concrete data are often discrete, indirect and noisy measurements of some quantities describing the signal under consideration. A frequent task is to find the segments of the signal or image which corresponds to finding the discontinuities or jumps in the data. Methods based on minimizing the piecewise constant Mumford-Shah functional -- whose discretized version is known as Potts functional -- are advantageous in this scenario, in particular, in connection with segmentation. However, due to their non-convexity, minimization of such functionals is challenging. In this paper we propose a new iterative minimization strategy for the multivariate Potts functional dealing with indirect, noisy measurements. We provide a convergence analysis and underpin our findings with numerical experiments. 
### 90.Novel Quality Metric for Duration Variability Compensation in Speaker Verification using i-Vectors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00828.pdf)
>  Automatic speaker verification (ASV) is the process to recognize persons using voice as biometric. The ASV systems show considerable recognition performance with sufficient amount of speech from matched condition. One of the crucial challenges of ASV technology is to improve recognition performance with speech segments of short duration. In short duration condition, the model parameters are not properly estimated due to inadequate speech information, and this results poor recognition accuracy even with the state-of-the-art i-vector based ASV system. We hypothesize that considering the estimation quality during recognition process would help to improve the ASV performance. This can be incorporated as a quality measure during fusion of ASV systems. This paper investigates a new quality measure for i-vector representation of speech utterances computed directly from Baum-Welch statistics. The proposed metric is subsequently used as quality measure during fusion of ASV systems. In experiments with the NIST SRE 2008 corpus, We have shown that inclusion of proposed quality metric exhibits considerable improvement in speaker verification performance. The results also indicate the potentiality of the proposed method in real-world scenario with short test utterances. 
### 91.Mapping Informal Settlements in Developing Countries with Multi-resolution, Multi-spectral Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00812.pdf)
>  Detecting and mapping informal settlements encompasses several of the United Nations sustainable development goals. This is because informal settlements are home to the most socially and economically vulnerable people on the planet. Thus, understanding where these settlements are is of paramount importance to both government and non-government organizations (NGOs), such as the United Nations Children&#39;s Fund (UNICEF), who can use this information to deliver effective social and economic aid. We propose two effective methods for detecting and mapping the locations of informal settlements. One uses only low-resolution (LR), freely available, Sentinel-2 multispectral satellite imagery with noisy annotations, whilst the other is a deep learning approach that uses only costly very-high-resolution (VHR) satellite imagery. To our knowledge, we are the first to map informal settlements successfully with low-resolution satellite imagery. We extensively evaluate and compare the proposed methods. Please find additional material at <a href="https://frontierdevelopmentlab.github.io/informal-settlements/">this https URL</a>. 
### 92.Generating Material Maps to Map Informal Settlements  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00786.pdf)
>  Detecting and mapping informal settlements encompasses several of the United Nations sustainable development goals. This is because informal settlements are home to the most socially and economically vulnerable people on the planet. Thus, understanding where these settlements are is of paramount importance to both government and non-government organizations (NGOs), such as the United Nations Children&#39;s Fund (UNICEF), who can use this information to deliver effective social and economic aid. We propose a method that detects and maps the locations of informal settlements using only freely available, Sentinel-2 low-resolution satellite spectral data and socio-economic data. This is in contrast to previous studies that only use costly very-high resolution (VHR) satellite and aerial imagery. We show how we can detect informal settlements by combining both domain knowledge and machine learning techniques, to build a classifier that looks for known roofing materials used in informal settlements. Please find additional material at <a href="https://frontierdevelopmentlab.github.io/informal-settlements/">this https URL</a>. 
### 93.Knowledge Distillation with Feature Maps for Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00660.pdf)
>  The model reduction problem that eases the computation costs and latency of complex deep learning architectures has received an increasing number of investigations owing to its importance in model deployment. One promising method is knowledge distillation (KD), which creates a fast-to-execute student model to mimic a large teacher network. In this paper, we propose a method, called KDFM (Knowledge Distillation with Feature Maps), which improves the effectiveness of KD by learning the feature maps from the teacher network. Two major techniques used in KDFM are shared classifier and generative adversarial network. Experimental results show that KDFM can use a four layers CNN to mimic DenseNet-40 and use MobileNet to mimic DenseNet-100. Both student networks have less than 1\% accuracy loss comparing to their teacher models for CIFAR-100 datasets. The student networks are 2-6 times faster than their teacher models for inference, and the model size of MobileNet is less than half of DenseNet-100&#39;s. 
### 94.Proceedings of the fourth &#34;international Traveling Workshop on Interactions between low-complexity data models and Sensing Techniques&#34; (iTWIST&#39;18)  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00648.pdf)
>  The iTWIST workshop series aim at fostering collaboration between international scientific teams for developing new theories, applications and generalizations of low-complexity models. These events emphasize dissemination of ideas through both specific oral and poster presentations, as well as free discussions. For this fourth edition, iTWIST&#39;18 gathered in CIRM, Marseille, France, 74 international participants and featured 7 invited talks, 16 oral presentations, and 21 posters. <br />From this edition, the scientific committee has decided that the iTWIST&#39;18 proceedings will adopt the episcience.org philosophy, combined with arXiv.org: in a nutshell, &#34;the proceedings are equivalent to an overlay page, built above arXiv.org; they add value to these archives by attaching a scientific caution to the validated papers.&#34; <br />For iTWIST&#39;18, this means that all papers listed below have been thoroughly evaluated and approved by two independent reviewers, and authors have revised their work according to the comments provided by these reviewers. 
### 95.Visual Foresight: Model-Based Deep Reinforcement Learning for Vision-Based Robotic Control  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00568.pdf)
>  Deep reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms can learn complex robotic skills from raw sensory inputs, but have yet to achieve the kind of broad generalization and applicability demonstrated by deep learning methods in supervised domains. We present a deep RL method that is practical for real-world robotics tasks, such as robotic manipulation, and generalizes effectively to never-before-seen tasks and objects. In these settings, ground truth reward signals are typically unavailable, and we therefore propose a self-supervised model-based approach, where a predictive model learns to directly predict the future from raw sensory readings, such as camera images. At test time, we explore three distinct goal specification methods: designated pixels, where a user specifies desired object manipulation tasks by selecting particular pixels in an image and corresponding goal positions, goal images, where the desired goal state is specified with an image, and image classifiers, which define spaces of goal states. Our deep predictive models are trained using data collected autonomously and continuously by a robot interacting with hundreds of objects, without human supervision. We demonstrate that visual MPC can generalize to never-before-seen objects---both rigid and deformable---and solve a range of user-defined object manipulation tasks using the same model. 
### 96.Beyond Inferring Class Representatives: User-Level Privacy Leakage From Federated Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00535.pdf)
>  Federated learning, i.e., a mobile edge computing framework for deep learning, is a recent advance in privacy-preserving machine learning, where the model is trained in a decentralized manner by the clients, i.e., data curators, preventing the server from directly accessing those private data from the clients. This learning mechanism significantly challenges the attack from the server side. Although the state-of-the-art attacking techniques that incorporated the advance of Generative adversarial networks (GANs) could construct class representatives of the global data distribution among all clients, it is still challenging to distinguishably attack a specific client (i.e., user-level privacy leakage), which is a stronger privacy threat to precisely recover the private data from a specific client. This paper gives the first attempt to explore user-level privacy leakage against the federated learning by the attack from a malicious server. We propose a framework incorporating GAN with a multi-task discriminator, which simultaneously discriminates category, reality, and client identity of input samples. The novel discrimination on client identity enables the generator to recover user specified private data. Unlike existing works that tend to interfere the training process of the federated learning, the proposed method works &#34;invisibly&#34; on the server side. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed attacking approach and the superior to the state-of-the-art. 
### 97.A multi-task deep learning model for the classification of Age-related Macular Degeneration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00422.pdf)
>  Age-related Macular Degeneration (AMD) is a leading cause of blindness. Although the Age-Related Eye Disease Study group previously developed a 9-step AMD severity scale for manual classification of AMD severity from color fundus images, manual grading of images is time-consuming and expensive. Built on our previous work DeepSeeNet, we developed a novel deep learning model for automated classification of images into the 9-step scale. Instead of predicting the 9-step score directly, our approach simulates the reading center grading process. It first detects four AMD characteristics (drusen area, geographic atrophy, increased pigment, and depigmentation), then combines these to derive the overall 9-step score. Importantly, we applied multi-task learning techniques, which allowed us to train classification of the four characteristics in parallel, share representation, and prevent overfitting. Evaluation on two image datasets showed that the accuracy of the model exceeded the current state-of-the-art model by &gt; 10%. 
### 98.ProxylessNAS: Direct Neural Architecture Search on Target Task and Hardware  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00332.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) has a great impact by automatically designing effective neural network architectures. However, the prohibitive computational demand of conventional NAS algorithms (e.g. $10^4$ GPU hours) makes it difficult to \emph{directly} search the architectures on large-scale tasks (e.g. ImageNet). Differentiable NAS can reduce the cost of GPU hours via a continuous representation of network architecture but suffers from the high GPU memory consumption issue (grow linearly w.r.t. candidate set size). As a result, they need to utilize~\emph{proxy} tasks, such as training on a smaller dataset, or learning with only a few blocks, or training just for a few epochs. These architectures optimized on proxy tasks are not guaranteed to be optimal on target task. In this paper, we present \emph{ProxylessNAS} that can \emph{directly} learn the architectures for large-scale target tasks and target hardware platforms. We address the high memory consumption issue of differentiable NAS and reduce the computational cost (GPU hours and GPU memory) to the same level of regular training while still allowing a large candidate set. Experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet demonstrate the effectiveness of directness and specialization. On CIFAR-10, our model achieves 2.08\% test error with only 5.7M parameters, better than the previous state-of-the-art architecture AmoebaNet-B, while using 6$\times$ fewer parameters. On ImageNet, our model achieves 3.1\% better top-1 accuracy than MobileNetV2, while being 1.2$\times$ faster with measured GPU latency. We also apply ProxylessNAS to specialize neural architectures for hardware with direct hardware metrics (e.g. latency) and provide insights for efficient CNN architecture design. 
### 99.Cross-Modulation Networks for Few-Shot Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00273.pdf)
>  A family of recent successful approaches to few-shot learning relies on learning an embedding space in which predictions are made by computing similarities between examples. This corresponds to combining information between support and query examples at a very late stage of the prediction pipeline. Inspired by this observation, we hypothesize that there may be benefits to combining the information at various levels of abstraction along the pipeline. We present an architecture called Cross-Modulation Networks which allows support and query examples to interact throughout the feature extraction process via a feature-wise modulation mechanism. We adapt the Matching Networks architecture to take advantage of these interactions and show encouraging initial results on miniImageNet in the 5-way, 1-shot setting, where we close the gap with state-of-the-art. 
### 100.A Deep Learning Approach for Multi-View Engagement Estimation of Children in a Child-Robot Joint Attention task  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00253.pdf)
>  In this work we tackle the problem of child engagement estimation while children freely interact with a robot in their room. We propose a deep-based multi-view solution that takes advantage of recent developments in human pose detection. We extract the child&#39;s pose from different RGB-D cameras placed elegantly in the room, fuse the results and feed them to a deep neural network trained for classifying engagement levels. The deep network contains a recurrent layer, in order to exploit the rich temporal information contained in the pose data. The resulting method outperforms a number of baseline classifiers, and provides a promising tool for better automatic understanding of a child&#39;s attitude, interest and attention while cooperating with a robot. The goal is to integrate this model in next generation social robots as an attention monitoring tool during various CRI tasks both for Typically Developed (TD) children and children affected by autism (ASD). 
### 101.On-line Human Gait Stability Prediction using LSTMs for the fusion of Deep-based Pose Estimation and LRF-based Augmented Gait State Estimation in an Intelligent Robotic Rollator  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00252.pdf)
>  In this work we present a novel Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) based on-line human gait stability prediction framework for the elderly users of an intelligent robotic rollator, using only non-wearable sensors, fusing multimodal RGB-D and Laser Range Finder (LRF) data. A deep learning (DL) based approach is used for the upper body pose estimation. The detected pose is used for estimating the Center of Mass (CoM) of the body using Unscented Kalman Filter (UKF). An Augmented Gait State Estimation framework exploits the LRF data to estimate the legs&#39; positions and the respective gait phase. These estimates are the inputs of an encoder-decoder sequence to sequence model which predicts the gait stability state as Safe or Fall Risk walking. It is validated with data from real patients, by exploring different network architectures, hyperparameter settings and by comparing the proposed method with other baselines. The presented LSTM-based human gait stability predictor is shown to provide robust predictions of the human stability state, and thus has the potential to be integrated into a general user-adaptive control architecture as a fall-risk alarm. 
### 102.DVC: An End-to-end Deep Video Compression Framework  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00101.pdf)
>  Conventional video compression approaches use the predictive coding architecture and encode the corresponding motion information and residual information. In this paper, taking advantage of both classical architecture in the conventional video compression method and the powerful non-linear representation ability of neural networks, we propose the first end-to-end video compression deep model that jointly optimizes all the components for video compression. Specifically, learning based optical flow estimation is utilized to obtain the motion information and reconstruct the current frames. Then we employ two auto-encoder style neural networks to compress the corresponding motion and residual information. All the modules are jointly learned through a single loss function, in which they collaborate with each other by considering the trade-off between reducing the number of compression bits and improving quality of the decoded video. Experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms the widely used video coding standard H.264 in terms of PSNR and be even on par with the latest standard H.265 in terms of MS-SSIM. Code will be publicly available upon acceptance. 
### 103.Learning from a tiny dataset of manual annotations: a teacher/student approach for surgical phase recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00033.pdf)
>  Vision algorithms capable of interpreting scenes from a real-time video stream are necessary for computer-assisted surgery systems to achieve context-aware behavior. In laparoscopic procedures one particular algorithm needed for such systems is the identification of surgical phases, for which the current state of the art is a model based on a CNN-LSTM. A number of previous works using models of this kind have trained them in a fully supervised manner, requiring a fully annotated dataset. Instead, our work confronts the problem of learning surgical phase recognition in scenarios presenting scarce amounts of annotated data (under 25% of all available video recordings). We propose a teacher/student type of approach, where a strong predictor called the teacher, trained beforehand on a small dataset of ground truth-annotated videos, generates synthetic annotations for a larger dataset, which another model - the student - learns from. In our case, the teacher features a novel CNN-biLSTM-CRF architecture, designed for offline inference only. The student, on the other hand, is a CNN-LSTM capable of making real-time predictions. Results for various amounts of manually annotated videos demonstrate the superiority of the new CNN-biLSTM-CRF predictor as well as improved performance from the CNN-LSTM trained using synthetic labels generated for unannotated videos. For both offline and online surgical phase recognition with very few annotated recordings available, this new teacher/student strategy provides a valuable performance improvement by efficiently leveraging the unannotated data. 
