# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 3 Dec 2018
### 1.Super-Resolution based on Image-Adapted CNN Denoisers: Incorporating Generalization of Training Data and Internal Learning in Test Time  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12866.pdf)
>  While deep neural networks exhibit state-of-the-art results in the task of image super-resolution (SR) with a fixed known acquisition process (e.g., a bicubic downscaling kernel), they experience a huge performance loss when the real observation model mismatches the one used in training. Recently, two different techniques suggested to mitigate this deficiency, i.e., enjoy the advantages of deep learning without being restricted by the prior training. The first one follows the plug-and-play (P&amp;P) approach that solves general inverse problems (e.g., SR) by plugging Gaussian denoisers into model-based optimization schemes. The second builds on internal recurrence of information inside a single image, and trains a super-resolver network at test time on examples synthesized from the low-resolution image. Our work incorporates the two strategies, enjoying the impressive generalization capabilities of deep learning, captured by the first, and further improving it through internal learning at test time. First, we apply a recent P&amp;P strategy to SR. Then, we show how it may become image-adaptive in test time. This technique outperforms the above two strategies on popular datasets and gives better results than other state-of-the-art methods on real images. 
### 2.ADVENT: Adversarial Entropy Minimization for Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12833.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a key problem for many computer vision tasks. While approaches based on convolutional neural networks constantly break new records on different benchmarks, generalizing well to diverse testing environments remains a major challenge. In numerous real world applications, there is indeed a large gap between data distributions in train and test domains, which results in severe performance loss at run-time. In this work, we address the task of unsupervised domain adaptation in semantic segmentation with losses based on the entropy of the pixel-wise predictions. To this end, we propose two novel, complementary methods using (i) entropy loss and (ii) adversarial loss respectively. We demonstrate state-of-the-art performance in semantic segmentation on two challenging &#34;synthetic-2-real&#34; set-ups and show that the approach can also be used for detection. 
### 3.Practical Full Resolution Learned Lossless Image Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12817.pdf)
>  We propose the first practical learned lossless image compression system, L3C, and show that it outperforms the popular engineered codecs, PNG, WebP and JPEG2000. At the core of our method is a fully parallelizable hierarchical probabilistic model for adaptive entropy coding which is optimized end-to-end for the compression task. In contrast to recent autoregressive discrete probabilistic models such as PixelCNN, our method i) models the image distribution jointly with learned auxiliary representations instead of exclusively modeling the image distribution in RGB space, and ii) only requires three forward-passes to predict all pixel probabilities instead of one for each pixel. As a result, L3C obtains over three orders of magnitude speedups compared to the fastest PixelCNN variant (Multiscale-PixelCNN). Furthermore, we find that learning the auxiliary representation is crucial and outperforms predefined auxiliary representations such as an RGB pyramid significantly. 
### 4.Graph-Based Global Reasoning Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12814.pdf)
>  Globally modeling and reasoning over relations between regions can be beneficial for many computer vision tasks on both images and videos. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) excel at modeling local relations by convolution operations, but they are typically inefficient at capturing global relations between distant regions and require stacking multiple convolution layers. In this work, we propose a new approach for reasoning globally in which a set of features are globally aggregated over the coordinate space and then projected to an interaction space where relational reasoning can be efficiently computed. After reasoning, relation-aware features are distributed back to the original coordinate space for down-stream tasks. We further present a highly efficient instantiation of the proposed approach and introduce the Global Reasoning unit (GloRe unit) that implements the coordinate-interaction space mapping by weighted global pooling and weighted broadcasting, and the relation reasoning via graph convolution on a small graph in interaction space. The proposed GloRe unit is lightweight, end-to-end trainable and can be easily plugged into existing CNNs for a wide range of tasks. Extensive experiments show our GloRe unit can consistently boost the performance of state-of-the-art backbone architectures, including ResNet, ResNeXt, SE-Net and DPN, for both 2D and 3D CNNs, on image classification, semantic segmentation and video action recognition task. 
### 5.Real Time Bangladeshi Sign Language Detection using Faster R-CNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12813.pdf)
>  Bangladeshi Sign Language (BdSL) is a commonly used medium of communication for the hearing-impaired people in Bangladesh. Developing a real time system to detect these signs from images is a great challenge. In this paper, we present a technique to detect BdSL from images that performs in real time. Our method uses Convolutional Neural Network based object detection technique to detect the presence of signs in the image region and to recognize its class. For this purpose, we adopted Faster Region-based Convolutional Network approach and developed a dataset $-$ BdSLImset $-$ to train our system. Previous research works in detecting BdSL generally depend on external devices while most of the other vision-based techniques do not perform efficiently in real time. Our approach, however, is free from such limitations and the experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method successfully identifies and recognizes Bangladeshi signs in real time. 
### 6.Structure and Motion from Multiframes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12797.pdf)
>  The paper gives an overview of the problems and methods of recovery of structure and motion parameters of rigid bodies from multiframes. 
### 7.iW-Net: an automatic and minimalistic interactive lung nodule segmentation deep network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12789.pdf)
>  We propose iW-Net, a deep learning model that allows for both automatic and interactive segmentation of lung nodules in computed tomography images. iW-Net is composed of two blocks: the first one provides an automatic segmentation and the second one allows to correct it by analyzing 2 points introduced by the user in the nodule&#39;s boundary. For this purpose, a physics inspired weight map that takes the user input into account is proposed, which is used both as a feature map and in the system&#39;s loss function. Our approach is extensively evaluated on the public LIDC-IDRI dataset, where we achieve a state-of-the-art performance of 0.55 intersection over union vs the 0.59 inter-observer agreement. Also, we show that iW-Net allows to correct the segmentation of small nodules, essential for proper patient referral decision, as well as improve the segmentation of the challenging non-solid nodules and thus may be an important tool for increasing the early diagnosis of lung cancer. 
### 8.TextMountain: Accurate Scene Text Detection via Instance Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12786.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel scene text detection method named TextMountain. The key idea of TextMountain is making full use of border-center information. Different from previous works that treat center-border as a binary classification problem, we predict text center-border probability (TCBP) and text center-direction (TCD). The TCBP is just like a mountain whose top is text center and foot is text border. The mountaintop can separate text instances which cannot be easily achieved using semantic segmentation map and its rising direction can plan a road to top for each pixel on mountain foot at the group stage. The TCD helps TCBP learning better. Our label rules will not lead to the ambiguous problem with the transformation of angle, so the proposed method is robust to multi-oriented text and can also handle well with curved text. In inference stage, each pixel at the mountain foot needs to search the path to the mountaintop and this process can be efficiently completed in parallel, yielding the efficiency of our method compared with others. The experiments on MLT, ICDAR2015, RCTW-17 and SCUT-CTW1500 databases demonstrate that the proposed method achieves better or comparable performance in terms of both accuracy and efficiency. It is worth mentioning our method achieves an F-measure of 76.85% on MLT which outperforms the previous methods by a large margin. Code will be made available. 
### 9.The GAN that Warped: Semantic Attribute Editing with Unpaired Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12784.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have recently been used to edit images with great success. However, they are often limited by only being able to work at a restricted range of resolutions. They are also so flexible that semantic face edits can often result in an unwanted loss of identity. This work proposes a model that learns how to perform semantic image edits through the application of smooth warp fields. This warp field can be efficiently predicted at a reasonably low resolution and then resampled and applied at arbitrary resolutions. Previous approaches that attempted to use warping for semantic edits required paired data, that is example images of the same object with different semantic characteristics. In contrast, we employ recent advances in Generative Adversarial Networks that allow our model to be effectively trained with unpaired data. We demonstrate the efficacy of our method for editing face images at very high resolutions (4k images) with an efficient single forward pass of a deep network at a lower resolution. We illustrate how the extent of our edits can be trivially reduced or exaggerated by scaling the predicted warp field, and we also show that our edits are substantially better at maintaining the subject&#39;s identity. 
### 10.A Framework for Fast and Efficient Neural Network Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12781.pdf)
>  Network compression reduces the computational complexity and memory consumption of deep neural networks by reducing the number of parameters. In SVD-based network compression, the right rank needs to be decided for every layer of the network. In this paper, we propose an efficient method for obtaining the rank configuration of the whole network. Unlike previous methods which consider each layer separately, our method considers the whole network to choose the right rank configuration. We propose novel accuracy metrics to represent the accuracy and complexity relationship for a given neural network. We use these metrics in a non-iterative fashion to obtain the right rank configuration which satisfies the constraints on FLOPs and memory while maintaining sufficient accuracy. Experiments show that our method provides better compromise between accuracy and computational complexity/memory consumption while performing compression at much higher speed. For VGG-16 our network can reduce the FLOPs by 25% and improve accuracy by 0.7% compared to the baseline, while requiring only 3 minutes on a CPU to search for the right rank configuration. Previously, similar results were achieved in 4 hours with 8 GPUs. The proposed method can be used for lossless compression of neural network as well. The better accuracy and complexity compromise, as well as the extremely fast speed of our method makes it suitable for neural network compression. 
### 11.Cross-database non-frontal facial expression recognition based on transductive deep transfer learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12774.pdf)
>  Cross-database non-frontal expression recognition is a very meaningful but rather difficult subject in the fields of computer vision and affect computing. In this paper, we proposed a novel transductive deep transfer learning architecture based on widely used VGGface16-Net for this problem. In this framework, the VGGface16-Net is used to jointly learn an common optimal nonlinear discriminative features from the non-frontal facial expression samples between the source and target databases and then we design a novel transductive transfer layer to deal with the cross-database non-frontal facial expression classification task. In order to validate the performance of the proposed transductive deep transfer learning networks, we present extensive crossdatabase experiments on two famous available facial expression databases, namely the BU-3DEF and the Multi-PIE database. The final experimental results show that our transductive deep transfer network outperforms the state-of-the-art cross-database facial expression recognition methods. 
### 12.From Known to the Unknown: Transferring Knowledge to Answer Questions about Novel Visual and Semantic Concepts  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12772.pdf)
>  Current Visual Question Answering (VQA) systems can answer intelligent questions about `Known&#39; visual content. However, their performance drops significantly when questions about visually and linguistically `Unknown&#39; concepts are presented during inference (`Open-world&#39; scenario). A practical VQA system should be able to deal with novel concepts in real world settings. To address this problem, we propose an exemplar-based approach that transfers learning (i.e., knowledge) from previously `Known&#39; concepts to answer questions about the `Unknown&#39;. We learn a highly discriminative joint embedding space, where visual and semantic features are fused to give a unified representation. Once novel concepts are presented to the model, it looks for the closest match from an exemplar set in the joint embedding space. This auxiliary information is used alongside the given Image-Question pair to refine visual attention in a hierarchical fashion. Since handling the high dimensional exemplars on large datasets can be a significant challenge, we introduce an efficient matching scheme that uses a compact feature description for search and retrieval. To evaluate our model, we propose a new split for VQA, separating Unknown visual and semantic concepts from the training set. Our approach shows significant improvements over state-of-the-art VQA models on the proposed Open-World VQA dataset and standard VQA datasets. 
### 13.Model-blind Video Denoising Via Frame-to-frame Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12766.pdf)
>  Modeling the processing chain that has produced a video is a difficult reverse engineering task, even when the camera is available. This makes model based video processing a still more complex task. In this paper we propose a fully blind video denoising method, with two versions off-line and on-line. This is achieved by fine-tuning a pre-trained AWGN denoising network to the video with a novel frame-to-frame training strategy. Our denoiser can be used without knowledge of the origin of the video or burst and the post processing steps applied from the camera sensor. The on-line process only requires a couple of frames before achieving visually-pleasing results for a wide range of perturbations. It nonetheless reaches state of the art performance for standard Gaussian noise, and can be used off-line with still better performance. 
### 14.Non-Local Video Denoising by CNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12758.pdf)
>  Non-local patch based methods were until recently state-of-the-art for image denoising but are now outperformed by CNNs. Yet they are still the best ones for video denoising, as video redundancy is a key factor to attain high denoising performance. The problem is that CNN architectures are hardly compatible with the search for self-similarities. In this work we propose a new and efficient way to feed video self-similarities to a CNN. The non-locality is incorporated into the network via a first non-trainable layer which finds for each patch in the input image its most similar patches in a search region. The central values of these patches are then gathered in a feature vector which is assigned to each image pixel. This information is presented to a CNN which is trained to predict the clean image. We apply the proposed architecture to image and video denoising. For the latter patches are searched for in a 3D spatio-temporal volume. The proposed architecture achieves state-of-the-art results, specially in video denoising, where it outperforms most state-of-the-art methods. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first successful application of a CNN to video denoising. 
### 15.Projection Convolutional Neural Networks for 1-bit CNNs via Discrete Back Propagation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12755.pdf)
>  The advancement of deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) has driven significant improvement in the accuracy of recognition systems for many computer vision tasks. However, their practical applications are often restricted in resource-constrained environments. In this paper, we introduce projection convolutional neural networks (PCNNs) with a discrete back propagation via projection (DBPP) to improve the performance of binarized neural networks (BNNs). The contributions of our paper include: 1) for the first time, the projection function is exploited to efficiently solve the discrete back propagation problem, which leads to a new highly compressed CNNs (termed PCNNs); 2) by exploiting multiple projections, we learn a set of diverse quantized kernels that compress the full-precision kernels in a more efficient way than those proposed previously; 3) PCNNs achieve the best classification performance compared to other state-of-the-art BNNs on the ImageNet and CIFAR datasets. 
### 16.Domain-Invariant Adversarial Learning for Unsupervised Domain Adaption  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12751.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaption aims to learn a powerful classifier for the target domain given a labeled source data set and an unlabeled target data set. To alleviate the effect of `domain shift&#39;, the major challenge in domain adaptation, studies have attempted to align the distributions of the two domains. Recent research has suggested that generative adversarial network (GAN) has the capability of implicitly capturing data distribution. In this paper, we thus propose a simple but effective model for unsupervised domain adaption leveraging adversarial learning. The same encoder is shared between the source and target domains which is expected to extract domain-invariant representations with the help of an adversarial discriminator. With the labeled source data, we introduce the center loss to increase the discriminative power of feature learned. We further align the conditional distribution of the two domains to enforce the discrimination of the features in the target domain. Unlike previous studies where the source features are extracted with a fixed pre-trained encoder, our method jointly learns feature representations of two domains. Moreover, by sharing the encoder, the model does not need to know the source of images during testing and hence is more widely applicable. We evaluate the proposed method on several unsupervised domain adaption benchmarks and achieve superior or comparable performance to state-of-the-art results. 
### 17.Improving Landmark Recognition using Saliency detection and Feature classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12748.pdf)
>  Image Landmark Recognition has been one of the most sought-after classification challenges in the field of vision and perception. After so many years of generic classification of buildings and monuments from images, people are now focussing upon fine-grained problems - recognizing the category of each building or monument. We proposed an ensemble network for the purpose of classification of Indian Landmark Images. To this end, our method gives robust classification by ensembling the predictions from Graph-Based Visual Saliency (GBVS) network alongwith supervised feature-based classification algorithms such as kNN and Random Forest. The final architecture is an adaptive learning of all the mentioned networks. The proposed network produces a reliable score to eliminate false category cases. Evaluation of our model was done on a new dataset, which involves challenges such as landmark clutter, variable scaling, partial occlusion, etc. 
### 18.Evaluating Bayesian Deep Learning Methods for Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12709.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been revolutionary for computer vision and semantic segmentation in particular, with Bayesian Deep Learning (BDL) used to obtain uncertainty maps from deep models when predicting semantic classes. This information is critical when using semantic segmentation for autonomous driving for example. Standard semantic segmentation systems have well-established evaluation metrics. However, with BDL&#39;s rising popularity in computer vision we require new metrics to evaluate whether a BDL method produces better uncertainty estimates than another method. In this work we propose three such metrics to evaluate BDL models designed specifically for the task of semantic segmentation. We modify DeepLab-v3+, one of the state-of-the-art deep neural networks, and create its Bayesian counterpart using MC dropout and Concrete dropout as inference techniques. We then compare and test these two inference techniques on the well-known Cityscapes dataset using our suggested metrics. Our results provide new benchmarks for researchers to compare and evaluate their improved uncertainty quantification in pursuit of safer semantic segmentation. 
### 19.Style Decomposition for Improved Neural Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12704.pdf)
>  Universal Neural Style Transfer (NST) methods are capable of performing style transfer of arbitrary styles in a style-agnostic manner via feature transforms in (almost) real-time. Even though their unimodal parametric style modeling approach has been proven adequate to transfer a single style from relatively simple images, they are usually not capable of effectively handling more complex styles, producing significant artifacts, as well as reducing the quality of the synthesized textures in the stylized image. To overcome these limitations, in this paper we propose a novel universal NST approach that separately models each sub-style that exists in a given style image (or a collection of style images). This allows for better modeling the subtle style differences within the same style image and then using the most appropriate sub-style (or mixtures of different sub-styles) to stylize the content image. The ability of the proposed approach to a) perform a wide range of different stylizations using the sub-styles that exist in one style image, while giving the ability to the user to appropriate mix the different sub-styles, b) automatically match the most appropriate sub-style to different semantic regions of the content image, improving existing state-of-the-art universal NST approaches, and c) detecting and transferring the sub-styles from collections of images are demonstrated through extensive experiments. 
### 20.An Efficient Image Retrieval Based on Fusion of Low-Level Visual Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12695.pdf)
>  Due to an increase in the number of image achieves, Content-Based Image Retrieval (CBIR) has gained attention for research community of computer vision. The image visual contents are represented in a feature space in the form of numerical values that is considered as a feature vector of image. Images belonging to different classes may contain the common visuals and shapes that can result in the closeness of computed feature space of two different images belonging to separate classes. Due to this reason, feature extraction and image representation is selected with appropriate features as it directly affects the performance of image retrieval system. The commonly used visual features are image spatial layout, color, texture and shape. Image feature space is combined to achieve the discriminating ability that is not possible to achieve when the features are used separately. Due to this reason, in this paper, we aim to explore the low-level feature combination that are based on color and shape features. We selected color moments and color histogram to represent color while shape is represented by using invariant moments. We selected this combination, as these features are reported intuitive, compact and robust for image representation. We evaluated the performance of our proposed research by using the Corel, Coil and Ground Truth (GT) image datasets. We evaluated the proposed low-level feature fusion by calculating the precision, recall and time required for feature extraction. The precision, recall and feature extraction values obtained from the proposed low-level feature fusion outperforms the existing research of CBIR. 
### 21.ComDefend: An Efficient Image Compression Model to Defend Adversarial Examples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12673.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been demonstrated to be vulnerable to adversarial examples. Specifically, adding imperceptible perturbations to clean images can fool the well trained deep neural networks. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end image compression model to defend adversarial examples: \textbf{ComDefend}. The proposed model consists of a compression convolutional neural network (ComCNN) and a reconstruction convolutional neural network (ResCNN). The ComCNN is used to maintain the structure information of the original image and purify adversarial perturbations. And the ResCNN is used to reconstruct the original image with high quality. In other words, ComDefend can transform the adversarial image to its clean version, which is then fed to the trained classifier. Our method is a pre-processing module, and does not modify the classifier&#39;s structure during the whole process. Therefore, it can be combined with other model-specific defense models to jointly improve the classifier&#39;s robustness. A series of experiments conducted on MNIST, CIFAR10 and ImageNet show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art defense methods, and is consistently effective to protect classifiers against adversarial attacks. 
### 22.Instance-level Facial Attributes Transfer with Geometry-Aware Flow  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12670.pdf)
>  We address the problem of instance-level facial attribute transfer without paired training data, e.g. faithfully transferring the exact mustache from a source face to a target face. This is a more challenging task than the conventional semantic-level attribute transfer, which only preserves the generic attribute style instead of instance-level traits. We propose the use of geometry-aware flow, which serves as a well-suited representation for modeling the transformation between instance-level facial attributes. Specifically, we leverage the facial landmarks as the geometric guidance to learn the differentiable flows automatically, despite of the large pose gap existed. Geometry-aware flow is able to warp the source face attribute into the target face context and generate a warp-and-blend result. To compensate for the potential appearance gap between source and target faces, we propose a hallucination sub-network that produces an appearance residual to further refine the warp-and-blend result. Finally, a cycle-consistency framework consisting of both attribute transfer module and attribute removal module is designed, so that abundant unpaired face images can be used as training data. Extensive evaluations validate the capability of our approach in transferring instance-level facial attributes faithfully across large pose and appearance gaps. Thanks to the flow representation, our approach can readily be applied to generate realistic details on high-resolution images. 
### 23.FSNet: An Identity-Aware Generative Model for Image-based Face Swapping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12666.pdf)
>  This paper presents FSNet, a deep generative model for image-based face swapping. Traditionally, face-swapping methods are based on three-dimensional morphable models (3DMMs), and facial textures are replaced between the estimated three-dimensional (3D) geometries in two images of different individuals. However, the estimation of 3D geometries along with different lighting conditions using 3DMMs is still a difficult task. We herein represent the face region with a latent variable that is assigned with the proposed deep neural network (DNN) instead of facial textures. The proposed DNN synthesizes a face-swapped image using the latent variable of the face region and another image of the non-face region. The proposed method is not required to fit to the 3DMM; additionally, it performs face swapping only by feeding two face images to the proposed network. Consequently, our DNN-based face swapping performs better than previous approaches for challenging inputs with different face orientations and lighting conditions. Through several experiments, we demonstrated that the proposed method performs face swapping in a more stable manner than the state-of-the-art method, and that its results are compatible with the method thereof. 
### 24.Making Classification Competitive for Deep Metric Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12649.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning aims to learn a function mapping image pixels to embedding feature vectors that model the similarity between images. The majority of current approaches are non-parametric, learning the metric space directly through the supervision of similar (pairs) or relatively similar (triplets) sets of images. A difficult challenge for training these approaches is mining informative samples of images as the metric space is learned with only the local context present within a single mini-batch. Alternative approaches use parametric metric learning to eliminate the need for sampling through supervision of images to proxies. Although this simplifies optimization, such proxy-based approaches have lagged behind in performance. In this work, we demonstrate that a standard classification network can be transformed into a variant of proxy-based metric learning that is competitive against non-parametric approaches across a wide variety of image retrieval tasks. We address key challenges in proxy-based metric learning such as performance under extreme classification and describe techniques to stabilize and learn higher dimensional embeddings. We evaluate our approach on the CAR-196, CUB-200-2011, Stanford Online Product, and In-Shop datasets for image retrieval and clustering. Finally, we show that our softmax classification approach can learn high-dimensional binary embeddings that achieve new state-of-the-art performance on all datasets evaluated with a memory footprint that is the same or smaller than competing approaches. 
### 25.Transferable Adversarial Attacks for Image and Video Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12641.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples have been demonstrated to threaten many computer vision tasks including object detection. However, the existing attacking methods for object detection have two limitations: poor transferability, which denotes that the generated adversarial examples have low success rate to attack other kinds of detection methods, and high computation cost, which means that they need more time to generate an adversarial image, and therefore are difficult to deal with the video data. To address these issues, we utilize a generative mechanism to obtain the adversarial image and video. In this way, the processing time is reduced. To enhance the transferability, we destroy the feature maps extracted from the feature network, which usually constitutes the basis of object detectors. The proposed method is based on the Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) framework, where we combine the high-level class loss and low-level feature loss to jointly train the adversarial example generator. A series of experiments conducted on PASCAL VOC and ImageNet VID datasets show that our method can efficiently generate image and video adversarial examples, and more importantly, these adversarial examples have better transferability, and thus, are able to simultaneously attack two kinds of representative object detection models: proposal based models like Faster-RCNN, and regression based models like SSD. 
### 26.Towards Robust Lung Segmentation in Chest Radiographs with Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12638.pdf)
>  Automated segmentation of Lungs plays a crucial role in the computer-aided diagnosis of chest X-Ray (CXR) images. Developing an efficient Lung segmentation model is challenging because of difficulties such as the presence of several edges at the rib cage and clavicle, inconsistent lung shape among different individuals, and the appearance of the lung apex. In this paper, we propose a robust model for Lung segmentation in Chest Radiographs. Our model learns to ignore the irrelevant regions in an input Chest Radiograph while highlighting regions useful for lung segmentation. The proposed model is evaluated on two public chest X-Ray datasets (Montgomery County, MD, USA, and Shenzhen No. 3 People&#39;s Hospital in China). The experimental result with a DICE score of 98.6% demonstrates the robustness of our proposed lung segmentation approach. 
### 27.Virtual Class Enhanced Discriminative Embedding Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12611.pdf)
>  Recently, learning discriminative features to improve the recognition performances gradually becomes the primary goal of deep learning, and numerous remarkable works have emerged. In this paper, we propose a novel yet extremely simple method \textbf{Virtual Softmax} to enhance the discriminative property of learned features by injecting a dynamic virtual negative class into the original softmax. Injecting virtual class aims to enlarge inter-class margin and compress intra-class distribution by strengthening the decision boundary constraint. Although it seems weird to optimize with this additional virtual class, we show that our method derives from an intuitive and clear motivation, and it indeed encourages the features to be more compact and separable. This paper empirically and experimentally demonstrates the superiority of Virtual Softmax, improving the performances on a variety of object classification and face verification tasks. 
### 28.DeepFlux for Skeletons in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12608.pdf)
>  Computing object skeletons in natural images is challenging, owing to large variations in object appearance and scale, and the complexity of handling background clutter. Many recent methods frame object skeleton detection as a binary pixel classification problem, which is similar in spirit to learning-based edge detection, as well as to semantic segmentation methods. In the present article, we depart from this strategy by training a CNN to predict a two-dimensional vector field, which maps each scene point to a candidate skeleton pixel, in the spirit of flux-based skeletonization algorithms. This &#34;image context flux&#34; representation has two major advantages over previous approaches. First, it explicitly encodes the relative position of skeletal pixels to semantically meaningful entities, such as the image points in their spatial context, and hence also the implied object boundaries. Second, since the skeleton detection context is a region-based vector field, it is better able to cope with object parts of large width. We evaluate the proposed method on three benchmark datasets for skeleton detection and two for symmetry detection, achieving consistently superior performance over state-of-the-art methods. 
### 29.Foot Pressure from Video: A Deep Learning Approach to Predict Dynamics from Kinematics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12607.pdf)
>  Human gait stability analysis is a key to understanding locomotion and control of body equilibrium, with numerous applications in the fields of Kinesiology, Medicine and Robotics. This work introduces a novel approach to learn dynamics of a human body from kinematics to aid stability analysis. We propose an end-to-end deep learning architecture to regress foot pressure from a human pose derived from video. This approach utilizes human Body-25 joints extracted from videos of subjects performing choreographed Taiji (Tai Chi) sequences using OpenPose estimation. The derived human pose data and corresponding foot pressure maps are used to train a convolutional neural network with residual architecture, termed PressNET, in an end-to-end fashion to predict the foot pressure corresponding to a given human pose. We create the largest dataset for simultaneous video and foot pressure on five subjects containing greater than 350k frames. We perform cross-subject evaluation with data from the five subjects on two versions of PressNET to evaluate the performance of our networks. KNearest Neighbors (KNN) is used to establish a baseline for comparisons and evaluation. We empirically show that PressNet significantly outperform KNN on all the splits. 
### 30.Parsing R-CNN for Instance-Level Human Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12596.pdf)
>  Instance-level human analysis is common in real-life scenarios and has multiple manifestations, such as human part segmentation, dense pose estimation, human-object interactions, etc. Models need to distinguish different human instances in the image panel and learn rich features to represent the details of each instance. In this paper, we present an end-to-end pipeline for solving the instance-level human analysis, named Parsing R-CNN. It processes a set of human instances simultaneously through comprehensive considering the characteristics of region-based approach and the appearance of a human, thus allowing representing the details of instances. Parsing R-CNN is very flexible and efficient, which is applicable to many issues in human instance analysis. Our approach outperforms all state-of-the-art methods on CIHP (Crowd Instance-level Human Parsing), MHP v2.0 (Multi-Human Parsing) and DensePose-COCO datasets. Based on the proposed Parsing R-CNN, we reach the 1st place in the COCO 2018 Challenge DensePose Estimation task. Code and models are public available. 
### 31.Deep Multimodal Learning: An Effective Method for Video Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12563.pdf)
>  Videos have become ubiquitous on the Internet. And video analysis can provide lots of information for detecting and recognizing objects as well as help people understand human actions and interactions with the real world. However, facing data as huge as TB level, effective methods should be applied. Recurrent neural network (RNN) architecture has wildly been used on many sequential learning problems such as Language Model, Time-Series Analysis, etc. In this paper, we propose some variations of RNN such as stacked bidirectional LSTM/GRU network with attention mechanism to categorize large-scale video data. We also explore different multimodal fusion methods. Our model combines both visual and audio information on both video and frame level and received great result. Ensemble methods are also applied. Because of its multimodal characteristics, we decide to call this method Deep Multimodal Learning(DML). Our DML-based model was trained on Google Cloud and our own server and was tested in a well-known video classification competition on Kaggle held by Google. 
### 32.Lightweight and Efficient Image Super-Resolution with Block State-based Recursive Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12546.pdf)
>  Recently, several deep learning-based image super-resolution methods have been developed by stacking massive numbers of layers. However, this leads too large model sizes and high computational complexities, thus some recursive parameter-sharing methods have been also proposed. Nevertheless, their designs do not properly utilize the potential of the recursive operation. In this paper, we propose a novel, lightweight, and efficient super-resolution method to maximize the usefulness of the recursive architecture, by introducing block state-based recursive network. By taking advantage of utilizing the block state, the recursive part of our model can easily track the status of the current image features. We show the benefits of the proposed method in terms of model size, speed, and efficiency. In addition, we show that our method outperforms the other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 33.3D Semi-Supervised Learning with Uncertainty-Aware Multi-View Co-Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12506.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework, uncertainty-aware multi-view co-training (UMCT), to address semi-supervised learning on 3D data, such as volumetric data in medical imaging. The original co-training method was applied to non-visual data. It requires different sources, or representations, of the data, which are called different views and differ from viewpoint in computer vision. Co-training was recently applied to visual tasks where the views were deep networks learnt by adversarial training. In our work, targeted at 3D data, co-training is achieved by exploiting multi-viewpoint consistency. We generate different views by rotating the 3D data and utilize asymmetrical 3D kernels to further encourage diversified features of each sub-net. In addition, we propose an uncertainty-aware attention mechanism to estimate the reliability of each view prediction with Bayesian deep learning. As one view requires the supervision from other views in co-training, our self-adaptive approach computes a confidence score for the prediction of each unlabeled sample, in order to assign a reliable pseudo label and thus achieve better performance. We show the effectiveness of our proposed method on several open datasets from medical image segmentation tasks (NIH pancreas &amp; LiTS liver tumor dataset). A method based on our approach achieved the state-of-the-art performances on both the LiTS liver tumor segmentation and the Medical Segmentation Decathlon (MSD) challenge, demonstrating the robustness and value of our framework even when fully supervised training is feasible. 
### 34.Playing Soccer without Colors in the SPL: A Convolutional Neural Network Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12493.pdf)
>  The goal of this paper is to propose a vision system for humanoid robotic soccer that does not use any color information. The main features of this system are: (i) real-time operation in the NAO robot, and (ii) the ability to detect the ball, the robots, their orientations, the lines and key field features robustly. Our ball detector, robot detector, and robot&#39;s orientation detector obtain the highest reported detection rates. The proposed vision system is tested in a SPL field with several NAO robots under realistic and highly demanding conditions. The obtained results are: robot detection rate of 94.90%, ball detection rate of 97.10%, and a completely perceived orientation rate of 99.88% when the observed robot is static, and 95.52% when the observed robot is moving. 
### 35.Leveraging Deep Stein&#39;s Unbiased Risk Estimator for Unsupervised X-ray Denoising  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12488.pdf)
>  Among the plethora of techniques devised to curb the prevalence of noise in medical images, deep learning based approaches have shown the most promise. However, one critical limitation of these deep learning based denoisers is the requirement of high-quality noiseless ground truth images that are difficult to obtain in many medical imaging applications such as X-rays. To circumvent this issue, we leverage recently proposed approach of [7] that incorporates Stein&#39;s Unbiased Risk Estimator (SURE) to train a deep convolutional neural network without requiring denoised ground truth X-ray data. Our experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of SURE based approach for denoising X-ray images. 
### 36.Learning to Separate Multiple Illuminants in a Single Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12481.pdf)
>  We present a method to separate a single image captured under two illuminants, with different spectra, into the two images corresponding to the appearance of the scene under each individual illuminant. We do this by training a deep neural network to predict the per-pixel reflectance chromaticity of the scene, which we use in conjunction with a previous flash/no-flash image-based separation algorithm to produce the final two output images. We design our reflectance chromaticity network and loss functions by incorporating intuitions from the physics of image formation. We show that this leads to significantly better performance than other single image techniques and even approaches the quality of the two image separation method. 
### 37.Fast and Flexible Indoor Scene Synthesis via Deep Convolutional Generative Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12463.pdf)
>  We present a new, fast and flexible pipeline for indoor scene synthesis that is based on deep convolutional generative models. Our method operates on a top-down image-based representation, and inserts objects iteratively into the scene by predicting their category, location, orientation and size with separate neural network modules. Our pipeline naturally supports automatic completion of partial scenes, as well as synthesis of complete scenes. Our method is significantly faster than the previous image-based method and generates result that outperforms it and other state-of-the-art deep generative scene models in terms of faithfulness to training data and perceived visual quality. 
### 38.AdaFrame: Adaptive Frame Selection for Fast Video Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12432.pdf)
>  We present AdaFrame, a framework that adaptively selects relevant frames on a per-input basis for fast video recognition. AdaFrame contains a Long Short-Term Memory network augmented with a global memory that provides context information for searching which frames to use over time. Trained with policy gradient methods, AdaFrame generates a prediction, determines which frame to observe next, and computes the utility, i.e., expected future rewards, of seeing more frames at each time step. At testing time, AdaFrame exploits predicted utilities to achieve adaptive lookahead inference such that the overall computational costs are reduced without incurring a decrease in accuracy. Extensive experiments are conducted on two large-scale video benchmarks, FCVID and AvtivityNet. AdaFrame matches the performance of using all frames with only 8.21 and 8.65 frames on FCVID and AvtivityNet, respectively. We further qualitatively demonstrate learned frame usage can indicate the difficulty of making classification decisions; easier samples need fewer frames while harder ones require more, both at instance-level within the same class and at class-level among different categories. 
### 39.Void Filling of Digital Elevation Models with Deep Generative Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12693.pdf)
>  In recent years, advances in machine learning algorithms, cheap computational resources, and the availability of big data have spurred the deep learning revolution in various application domains. In particular, supervised learning techniques in image analysis have led to superhuman performance in various tasks, such as classification, localization, and segmentation, while unsupervised learning techniques based on increasingly advanced generative models have been applied to generate high-resolution synthetic images indistinguishable from real images. <br />In this paper we consider a state-of-the-art machine learning model for image inpainting, namely a Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Network based on a fully convolutional architecture with a contextual attention mechanism. We show that this model can successfully be transferred to the setting of digital elevation models (DEMs) for the purpose of generating semantically plausible data for filling voids. Training, testing and experimentation is done on GeoTIFF data from various regions in Norway, made openly available by the Norwegian Mapping Authority. 
### 40.Are All Training Examples Created Equal? An Empirical Study  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12569.pdf)
>  Modern computer vision algorithms often rely on very large training datasets. However, it is conceivable that a carefully selected subsample of the dataset is sufficient for training. In this paper, we propose a gradient-based importance measure that we use to empirically analyze relative importance of training images in four datasets of varying complexity. We find that in some cases, a small subsample is indeed sufficient for training. For other datasets, however, the relative differences in importance are negligible. These results have important implications for active learning on deep networks. Additionally, our analysis method can be used as a general tool to better understand diversity of training examples in datasets. 
### 41.On Implicit Filter Level Sparsity in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12495.pdf)
>  We investigate filter level sparsity that emerges in convolutional neural networks (CNNs) which employ Batch Normalization and ReLU activation, and are trained with adaptive gradient descent techniques and L2 regularization (or weight decay). We conduct an extensive experimental study casting these initial findings into hypotheses and conclusions about the mechanisms underlying the emergent filter level sparsity. This study allows new insight into the performance gap obeserved between adapative and non-adaptive gradient descent methods in practice. Further, analysis of the effect of training strategies and hyperparameters on the sparsity leads to practical suggestions in designing CNN training strategies enabling us to explore the tradeoffs between feature selectivity, network capacity, and generalization performance. Lastly, we show that the implicit sparsity can be harnessed for neural network speedup at par or better than explicit sparsification / pruning approaches, without needing any modifications to the typical training pipeline. 
