# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 7 Dec 2018
### 1.Visual Object Networks: Image Generation with Disentangled 3D Representation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02725.pdf)
>  Recent progress in deep generative models has led to tremendous breakthroughs in image generation. However, while existing models can synthesize photorealistic images, they lack an understanding of our underlying 3D world. We present a new generative model, Visual Object Networks (VON), synthesizing natural images of objects with a disentangled 3D representation. Inspired by classic graphics rendering pipelines, we unravel our image formation process into three conditionally independent factors---shape, viewpoint, and texture---and present an end-to-end adversarial learning framework that jointly models 3D shapes and 2D images. Our model first learns to synthesize 3D shapes that are indistinguishable from real shapes. It then renders the object&#39;s 2.5D sketches (i.e., silhouette and depth map) from its shape under a sampled viewpoint. Finally, it learns to add realistic texture to these 2.5D sketches to generate natural images. The VON not only generates images that are more realistic than state-of-the-art 2D image synthesis methods, but also enables many 3D operations such as changing the viewpoint of a generated image, editing of shape and texture, linear interpolation in texture and shape space, and transferring appearance across different objects and viewpoints. 
### 2.Cross-Domain 3D Equivariant Image Embeddings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02716.pdf)
>  Spherical convolutional networks have been introduced recently as tools to learn powerful feature representations of 3D shapes. Spherical CNNs are equivariant to 3D rotations making them ideally suited for applications where 3D data may be observed in arbitrary orientations. In this paper we learn 2D image embeddings with a similar equivariant structure: embedding the image of a 3D object should commute with rotations of the object. We introduce a cross-domain embedding from 2D images into a spherical CNN latent space. Our model is supervised only by target embeddings obtained from a spherical CNN pretrained for 3D shape classification. The trained model learns to encode images with 3D shape properties and is equivariant to 3D rotations of the observed object. We show that learning only a rich embedding for images with appropriate geometric structure is in and of itself sufficient for tackling numerous applications. Evidence from two different applications, relative pose estimation and novel view synthesis, demonstrates that equivariant embeddings are sufficient for both applications without requiring any task-specific supervised training. 
### 3.PartNet: A Large-scale Benchmark for Fine-grained and Hierarchical Part-level 3D Object Understanding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02713.pdf)
>  We present PartNet: a consistent, large-scale dataset of 3D objects annotated with fine-grained, instance-level, and hierarchical 3D part information. Our dataset consists of 573,585 part instances over 26,671 3D models covering 24 object categories. This dataset enables and serves as a catalyst for many tasks such as shape analysis, dynamic 3D scene modeling and simulation, affordance analysis, and others. Using our dataset, we establish three benchmarking tasks for evaluating 3D part recognition: fine-grained semantic segmentation, hierarchical semantic segmentation, and instance segmentation. We benchmark four state-of-the-art 3D deep learning algorithms for fine-grained semantic segmentation and three baseline methods for hierarchical semantic segmentation. We also propose a novel method for part instance segmentation and demonstrate its superior performance over existing methods. 
### 4.Video Action Transformer Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02707.pdf)
>  We introduce the Action Transformer model for recognizing and localizing human actions in video clips. We repurpose a Transformer-style architecture to aggregate features from the spatiotemporal context around the person whose actions we are trying to classify. We show that by using high-resolution, person-specific, class-agnostic queries, the model spontaneously learns to track individual people and to pick up on semantic context from the actions of others. Additionally its attention mechanism learns to emphasize hands and faces, which are often crucial to discriminate an action - all without explicit supervision other than boxes and class labels. We train and test our Action Transformer network on the Atomic Visual Actions (AVA) dataset, outperforming the state-of-the-art by a significant margin - more than 7.5% absolute (40% relative) improvement, using only raw RGB frames as input. 
### 5.Online Model Distillation for Efficient Video Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02699.pdf)
>  High-quality computer vision models typically address the problem of understanding the general distribution of real-world images. However, most cameras observe only a very small fraction of this distribution. This offers the possibility of achieving more efficient inference by specializing compact, low-cost models to the specific distribution of frames observed by a single camera. In this paper, we employ the technique of model distillation (supervising a low-cost student model using the output of a high-cost teacher) to specialize accurate, low-cost semantic segmentation models to a target video stream. Rather than learn a specialized student model on offline data from the video stream, we train the student in an online fashion on the live video, intermittently running the teacher to provide a target for learning. Online model distillation yields semantic segmentation models that closely approximate their Mask R-CNN teacher with 7 to 17x lower inference runtime cost (11 to 26x in FLOPs), even when the target video&#39;s distribution is non-stationary. Our method requires no offline pretraining on the target video stream, and achieves higher accuracy and lower cost than solutions based on flow or video object segmentation. We also provide a new video dataset for evaluating the efficiency of inference over long running video streams. 
### 6.Theoretical Guarantees of Deep Embedding Losses Under Label Noise  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02676.pdf)
>  Collecting labeled data to train deep neural networks is costly and even impractical for many tasks. Thus, research effort has been focused in automatically curated datasets or unsupervised and weakly supervised learning. The common problem in these directions is learning with unreliable label information. In this paper, we address the tolerance of deep embedding learning losses against label noise, i.e. when the observed labels are different from the true labels. Specifically, we provide the sufficient conditions to achieve theoretical guarantees for the 2 common loss functions: marginal loss and triplet loss. From these theoretical results, we can estimate how sampling strategies and initialization can affect the level of resistance against label noise. The analysis also helps providing more effective guidelines in unsupervised and weakly supervised deep embedding learning. 
### 7.Recursive Visual Attention in Visual Dialog  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02664.pdf)
>  Visual dialog is a challenging vision-language task, which requires the agent to answer multi-round questions about an image. It typically needs to address two major problems: (1) How to answer visually-grounded questions, which is the core challenge in visual question answering (VQA); (2) How to infer the co-reference between questions and the dialog history. An example of visual co-reference is: pronouns (e.g., `they&#39;) in the question (e.g., `Are they on or off?&#39;) are linked with nouns (e.g., `lamps&#39;) appearing in the dialog history (e.g., `How many lamps are there?&#39;) and the object grounded in the image. In this work, to resolve the visual co-reference for visual dialog, we propose a novel attention mechanism called Recursive Visual Attention (RvA). Specifically, our dialog agent browses the dialog history until the agent has sufficient confidence in the visual co-reference resolution, and refines the visual attention recursively. The quantitative and qualitative experimental results on the large-scale VisDial v0.9 and v1.0 datasets demonstrate that the proposed RvA not only outperforms the state-of-the-art methods, but also achieves reasonable recursion and interpretable attention maps without additional annotations. 
### 8.Pathological Evidence Exploration in Deep Retinal Image Diagnosis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02640.pdf)
>  Though deep learning has shown successful performance in classifying the label and severity stage of certain disease, most of them give few evidence on how to make prediction. Here, we propose to exploit the interpretability of deep learning application in medical diagnosis. Inspired by Koch&#39;s Postulates, a well-known strategy in medical research to identify the property of pathogen, we define a pathological descriptor that can be extracted from the activated neurons of a diabetic retinopathy detector. To visualize the symptom and feature encoded in this descriptor, we propose a GAN based method to synthesize pathological retinal image given the descriptor and a binary vessel segmentation. Besides, with this descriptor, we can arbitrarily manipulate the position and quantity of lesions. As verified by a panel of 5 licensed ophthalmologists, our synthesized images carry the symptoms that are directly related to diabetic retinopathy diagnosis. The panel survey also shows that our generated images is both qualitatively and quantitatively superior to existing methods. 
### 9.Traversing Latent Space using Decision Ferns  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02636.pdf)
>  The practice of transforming raw data to a feature space so that inference can be performed in that space has been popular for many years. Recently, rapid progress in deep neural networks has given both researchers and practitioners enhanced methods that increase the richness of feature representations, be it from images, text or speech. In this work we show how a constructed latent space can be explored in a controlled manner and argue that this complements well founded inference methods. For constructing the latent space a Variational Autoencoder is used. We present a novel controller module that allows for smooth traversal in the latent space and construct an end-to-end trainable framework. We explore the applicability of our method for performing spatial transformations as well as kinematics for predicting future latent vectors of a video sequence. 
### 10.Guided Zoom: Questioning Network Evidence for Fine-grained Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02626.pdf)
>  We propose Guided Zoom, an approach that utilizes spatial grounding to make more informed predictions. It does so by making sure the model has &#34;the right reasons&#34; for a prediction, being defined as reasons that are coherent with those used to make similar correct decisions at training time. The reason/evidence upon which a deep neural network makes a prediction is defined to be the spatial grounding, in the pixel space, for a specific class conditional probability in the model output. Guided Zoom questions how reasonable the evidence used to make a prediction is. In state-of-the-art deep single-label classification models, the top-k (k = 2, 3, 4, ...) accuracy is usually significantly higher than the top-1 accuracy. This is more evident in fine-grained datasets, where differences between classes are quite subtle. We show that Guided Zoom results in the refinement of a model&#39;s classification accuracy on three finegrained classification datasets. We also explore the complementarity of different grounding techniques, by comparing their ensemble to an adversarial erasing approach that iteratively reveals the next most discriminative evidence. 
### 11.Hybrid Feature Learning for Handwriting Verification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02621.pdf)
>  We propose an effective Hybrid Deep Learning (HDL) architecture for the task of determining the probability that a questioned handwritten word has been written by a known writer. HDL is an amalgamation of Auto-Learned Features (ALF) and Human-Engineered Features (HEF). To extract auto-learned features we use two methods: First, Two Channel Convolutional Neural Network (TC-CNN); Second, Two Channel Autoencoder (TC-AE). Furthermore, human-engineered features are extracted by using two methods: First, Gradient Structural Concavity (GSC); Second, Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT). Experiments are performed by complementing one of the HEF methods with one ALF method on 150000 pairs of samples of the word &#34;AND&#34; cropped from handwritten notes written by 1500 writers. Our results indicate that HDL architecture with AE-GSC achieves 99.7% accuracy on seen writer dataset and 92.16% accuracy on shuffled writer dataset which out performs CEDAR-FOX, as for unseen writer dataset, AE-SIFT performs comparable to this sophisticated handwriting comparison tool. 
### 12.Tube-CNN: Modeling temporal evolution of appearance for object detection in video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02619.pdf)
>  Object detection in video is crucial for many applications. Compared to images, video provides additional cues which can help to disambiguate the detection problem. Our goal in this paper is to learn discriminative models for the temporal evolution of object appearance and to use such models for object detection. To model temporal evolution, we introduce space-time tubes corresponding to temporal sequences of bounding boxes. We propose two CNN architectures for generating and classifying tubes, respectively. Our tube proposal network (TPN) first generates a large number of spatio-temporal tube proposals maximizing object recall. The Tube-CNN then implements a tube-level object detector in the video. Our method improves state of the art on two large-scale datasets for object detection in video: HollywoodHeads and ImageNet VID. Tube models show particular advantages in difficult dynamic scenes. 
### 13.OMNIA Faster R-CNN: Detection in the wild through dataset merging and soft distillation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02611.pdf)
>  Object detectors tend to perform poorly in new or open domains, and require exhaustive yet costly annotations from fully labeled datasets. We aim at benefiting from several datasets with different categories but without additional labelling, not only to increase the number of categories detected, but also to take advantage from transfer learning and to enhance domain independence. <br />Our dataset merging procedure starts with training several initial Faster R-CNN on the different datasets while considering the complementary datasets&#39; images for domain adaptation. Similarly to self-training methods, the predictions of these initial detectors mitigate the missing annotations on the complementary datasets. The final OMNIA Faster R-CNN is trained with all categories on the union of the datasets enriched by predictions. The joint training handles unsafe targets with a new classification loss called SoftSig in a softly supervised way. <br />Experimental results show that in the case of fashion detection for images in the wild, merging Modanet with COCO increases the final performance from 45.5% to 57.4%. Applying our soft distillation to the task of detection with domain shift on Cityscapes enables to beat the state-of-the-art by 5.3 points. We hope that our methodology could unlock object detection for real-world applications without immense datasets. 
### 14.Disjoint Label Space Transfer Learning with Common Factorised Space  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02605.pdf)
>  In this paper, a unified approach is presented to transfer learning that addresses several source and target domain label-space and annotation assumptions with a single model. It is particularly effective in handling a challenging case, where source and target label-spaces are disjoint, and outperforms alternatives in both unsupervised and semi-supervised settings. The key ingredient is a common representation termed Common Factorised Space. It is shared between source and target domains, and trained with an unsupervised factorisation loss and a graph-based loss. With a wide range of experiments, we demonstrate the flexibility, relevance and efficacy of our method, both in the challenging cases with disjoint label spaces, and in the more conventional cases such as unsupervised domain adaptation, where the source and target domains share the same label-sets. 
### 15.Unsupervised Feature Learning of Human Actions as Trajectories in Pose Embedding Manifold  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02592.pdf)
>  An unsupervised human action modeling framework can provide useful pose-sequence representation, which can be utilized in a variety of pose analysis applications. In this work we propose a novel temporal pose-sequence modeling framework, which can embed the dynamics of 3D human-skeleton joints to a continuous latent space in an efficient manner. In contrast to end-to-end framework explored by previous works, we disentangle the task of individual pose representation learning from the task of learning actions as a trajectory in pose embedding space. In order to realize a continuous pose embedding manifold with improved reconstructions, we propose an unsupervised, manifold learning procedure named Encoder GAN, (or EnGAN). Further, we use the pose embeddings generated by EnGAN to model human actions using a bidirectional RNN auto-encoder architecture, PoseRNN. We introduce first-order gradient loss to explicitly enforce temporal regularity in the predicted motion sequence. A hierarchical feature fusion technique is also investigated for simultaneous modeling of local skeleton joints along with global pose variations. We demonstrate state-of-the-art transfer-ability of the learned representation against other supervisedly and unsupervisedly learned motion embeddings for the task of fine-grained action recognition on SBU interaction dataset. Further, we show the qualitative strengths of the proposed framework by visualizing skeleton pose reconstructions and interpolations in pose-embedding space, and low dimensional principal component projections of the reconstructed pose trajectories. 
### 16.BiHMP-GAN: Bidirectional 3D Human Motion Prediction GAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02591.pdf)
>  Human motion prediction model has applications in various fields of computer vision. Without taking into account the inherent stochasticity in the prediction of future pose dynamics, such methods often converges to a deterministic undesired mean of multiple probable outcomes. Devoid of this, we propose a novel probabilistic generative approach called Bidirectional Human motion prediction GAN, or BiHMP-GAN. To be able to generate multiple probable human-pose sequences, conditioned on a given starting sequence, we introduce a random extrinsic factor r, drawn from a predefined prior distribution. Furthermore, to enforce a direct content loss on the predicted motion sequence and also to avoid mode-collapse, a novel bidirectional framework is incorporated by modifying the usual discriminator architecture. The discriminator is trained also to regress this extrinsic factor r, which is used alongside with the intrinsic factor (encoded starting pose sequence) to generate a particular pose sequence. To further regularize the training, we introduce a novel recursive prediction strategy. In spite of being in a probabilistic framework, the enhanced discriminator architecture allows predictions of an intermediate part of pose sequence to be used as a conditioning for prediction of the latter part of the sequence. The bidirectional setup also provides a new direction to evaluate the prediction quality against a given test sequence. For a fair assessment of BiHMP-GAN, we report performance of the generated motion sequence using (i) a critic model trained to discriminate between real and fake motion sequence, and (ii) an action classifier trained on real human motion dynamics. Outcomes of both qualitative and quantitative evaluations, on the probabilistic generations of the model, demonstrate the superiority of BiHMP-GAN over previously available methods. 
### 17.Computer Vision for Autonomous Vehicles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02542.pdf)
>  In this work, we try to implement Image Processing techniques in the area of autonomous vehicles, both indoor and outdoor. The challenges for both are different and the ways to tackle them vary too. We also showed deep learning makes things easier and precise. We also made base models for all the problems we tackle while building an autonomous car for Indian Institute of Space science and Technology. 
### 18.Segmentation-driven 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02541.pdf)
>  The most recent trend in estimating the 6D pose of rigid objects has been to train deep networks to either directly regress the pose from the image or to predict the 2D locations of 3D keypoints, from which the pose can be obtained using a PnP algorithm. In both cases, the object is treated as a global entity, and a single pose estimate is computed. As a consequence, the resulting techniques can be vulnerable to large occlusions. <br />In this paper, we introduce a segmentation-driven 6D pose estimation framework where each visible part of the objects contributes a local pose prediction in the form of 2D keypoint locations. We then use a predicted measure of confidence to combine these pose candidates into a robust set of 3D-to-2D correspondences, from which a reliable pose estimate can be obtained. We outperform the state-of-the-art on the challenging Occluded-LINEMOD and YCB-Video datasets, which is evidence that our approach deals well with multiple poorly-textured objects occluding each other. Furthermore, it relies on a simple enough architecture to achieve real-time performance. 
### 19.Towards Leveraging the Information of Gradients in Optimization-based Adversarial Attack  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02524.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep neural networks demonstrated state-of-the-art performance in a large variety of tasks and therefore have been adopted in many applications. On the other hand, the latest studies revealed that neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples obtained by carefully adding small perturbation to legitimate samples. Based upon the observation, many attack methods were proposed. Among them, the optimization-based CW attack is the most powerful as the produced adversarial samples present much less distortion compared to other methods. The better attacking effect, however, comes at the cost of running more iterations and thus longer computation time to reach desirable results. In this work, we propose to leverage the information of gradients as a guidance during the search of adversaries. More specifically, directly incorporating the gradients into the perturbation can be regarded as a constraint added to the optimization process. We intuitively and empirically prove the rationality of our method in reducing the search space. Our experiments show that compared to the original CW attack, the proposed method requires fewer iterations towards adversarial samples, obtaining a higher success rate and resulting in smaller $\ell_2$ distortion. 
### 20.A novel health risk model based on intraday physical activity time series collected by smartphones  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02522.pdf)
>  We compiled a demo application and collected a motion database of more than 10,000 smartphone users to produce a health risk model trained on physical activity streams. We turned to adversarial domain adaptation and employed the UK Biobank dataset of motion data, augmented by a rich set of clinical information as the source domain to train the model using a deep residual convolutional neuron network (ResNet). The model risk score is a biomarker of ageing, since it was predictive of lifespan and healthspan (as defined by the onset of specified diseases), and was elevated in groups associated with life-shortening lifestyles, such as smoking. We ascertained the target domain performance in a smaller cohort of the mobile application that included users who were willing to share answers to a short questionnaire related to their disease and smoking status. We thus conclude that the proposed pipeline combining deep convolutional and Domain Adversarial neuron networks (DANN) is a powerful tool for disease risk and lifestyle-associated hazard assessment from mobile motion sensors that are transferable across devices and populations. 
### 21.Automatically Segmenting the Left Atrium from Cardiac Images Using Successive 3D U-Nets and a Contour Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02518.pdf)
>  Radiological imaging offers effective measurement of anatomy, which is useful in disease diagnosis and assessment. Previous study has shown that the left atrial wall remodeling can provide information to predict treatment outcome in atrial fibrillation. Nevertheless, the segmentation of the left atrial structures from medical images is still very time-consuming. Current advances in neural network may help creating automatic segmentation models that reduce the workload for clinicians. In this preliminary study, we propose automated, two-stage, three-dimensional U-Nets with convolutional neural network, for the challenging task of left atrial segmentation. Unlike previous two-dimensional image segmentation methods, we use 3D U-Nets to obtain the heart cavity directly in 3D. The dual 3D U-Net structure consists of, a first U-Net to coarsely segment and locate the left atrium, and a second U-Net to accurately segment the left atrium under higher resolution. In addition, we introduce a Contour loss based on additional distance information to adjust the final segmentation. We randomly split the data into training datasets (80 subjects) and validation datasets (20 subjects) to train multiple models, with different augmentation setting. Experiments show that the average Dice coefficients for validation datasets are around 0.91 - 0.92, the sensitivity around 0.90-0.94 and the specificity 0.99. Compared with traditional Dice loss, models trained with Contour loss in general offer smaller Hausdorff distance with similar Dice coefficient, and have less connected components in predictions. Finally, we integrate several trained models in an ensemble prediction to segment testing datasets. 
### 22.ForensicTransfer: Weakly-supervised Domain Adaptation for Forgery Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02510.pdf)
>  Distinguishing fakes from real images is becoming increasingly difficult as new sophisticated image manipulation approaches come out by the day. Convolutional neural networks (CNN) show excellent performance in detecting image manipulations when they are trained on a specific forgery method. However, on examples from unseen manipulation approaches, their performance drops significantly. To address this limitation in transferability, we introduce ForensicTransfer. ForensicTransfer tackles two challenges in multimedia forensics. First, we devise a learning-based forensic detector which adapts well to new domains, i.e., novel manipulation methods. Second we handle scenarios where only a handful of fake examples are available during training. To this end, we learn a forensic embedding that can be used to distinguish between real and fake imagery. We are using a new autoencoder-based architecture which enforces activations in different parts of a latent vector for the real and fake classes. Together with the constraint of correct reconstruction this ensures that the latent space keeps all the relevant information about the nature of the image. Therefore, the learned embedding acts as a form of anomaly detector; namely, an image manipulated from an unseen method will be detected as fake provided it maps sufficiently far away from the cluster of real images. Comparing with prior works, ForensicTransfer shows significant improvements in transferability, which we demonstrate in a series of experiments on cutting-edge benchmarks. For instance, on unseen examples, we achieve up to 80-85% in terms of accuracy compared to 50-59%, and with only a handful of seen examples, our performance already reaches around 95%. 
### 23.Zero-Shot Anticipation for Instructional Activities  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02501.pdf)
>  How can we teach a robot to predict what will happen next for an activity it has never seen before? We address the problem of zero-shot anticipation by presenting a hierarchical model that generalizes instructional knowledge from large-scale text-corpora and transfers the knowledge to the visual domain. Given a portion of an instructional video, our model predicts coherent and plausible actions multiple steps into the future, all in rich natural language. To demonstrate the anticipation capabilities of our model, we introduce the Tasty Videos dataset, a collection of 2511 recipes for zero-shot learning, recognition and anticipation. 
### 24.Prediction of final infarct volume from native CT perfusion and treatment parameters using deep learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02496.pdf)
>  CT Perfusion (CTP) imaging has gained importance in the diagnosis of acute stroke. Conventional perfusion analysis performs a deconvolution of the measurements and thresholds the perfusion parameters to determine the tissue status. We pursue a data-driven and deconvolution-free approach, where a deep neural network learns to predict the final infarct volume directly from the native CTP images and metadata such as the time parameters and treatment. This would allow clinicians to simulate various treatments and gain insight into predicted tissue status over time. We demonstrate on a multicenter dataset that our approach is able to predict the final infarct and effectively uses the metadata. An ablation study shows that using the native CTP measurements instead of the deconvolved measurements improves the prediction. 
### 25.Learning to Infer the Depth Map of a Hand from its Color Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02486.pdf)
>  We propose the first approach to the problem of inferring the depth map of a human hand based on a single RGB image. We achieve this with a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) that employs a stacked hourglass model as its main building block. Intermediate supervision is used in several outputs of the proposed architecture in a staged approach. To aid the process of training and inference, hand segmentation masks are also estimated in such an intermediate supervision step, and used to guide the subsequent depth estimation process. In order to train and evaluate the proposed method we compile and make publicly available HandRGBD, a new dataset of 20,601 views of hands, each consisting of an RGB image and an aligned depth map. Based on HandRGBD, we explore variants of the proposed approach in an ablative study and determine the best performing one. The results of an extensive experimental evaluation demonstrate that hand depth estimation from a single RGB frame can be achieved with an accuracy of 22mm, which is comparable to the accuracy achieved by contemporary low-cost depth cameras. Such a 3D reconstruction of hands based on RGB information is valuable as a final result on its own right, but also as an input to several other hand analysis and perception algorithms that require depth input. Essentially, in such a context, the proposed approach bridges the gap between RGB and RGBD, by making all existing RGBD-based methods applicable to RGB input. 
### 26.Binary Document Image Super Resolution for Improved Readability and OCR Performance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02475.pdf)
>  There is a need for information retrieval from large collections of low-resolution (LR) binary document images, which can be found in digital libraries across the world, where the high-resolution (HR) counterpart is not available. This gives rise to the problem of binary document image super-resolution (BDISR). The objective of this paper is to address the interesting and challenging problem of super resolution of binary Tamil document images for improved readability and better optical character recognition (OCR). We propose multiple deep neural network architectures to address this problem and analyze their performance. The proposed models are all single image super-resolution techniques, which learn a generalized spatial correspondence between the LR and HR binary document images. We employ convolutional layers for feature extraction followed by transposed convolution and sub-pixel convolution layers for upscaling the features. Since the outputs of the neural networks are gray scale, we utilize the advantage of power law transformation as a post-processing technique to improve the character level pixel connectivity. The performance of our models is evaluated by comparing the OCR accuracies and the mean opinion scores given by human evaluators on LR images and the corresponding model-generated HR images. 
### 27.Deep Embedding using Bayesian Risk Minimization with Application to Sketch Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02466.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of hand-drawn sketch recognition. Inspired by the Bayesian decision theory, we present a deep metric learning loss with the objective to minimize the Bayesian risk of misclassification. We estimate this risk for every mini-batch during training, and learn robust deep embeddings by backpropagating it to a deep neural network in an end-to-end trainable paradigm. Our learnt embeddings are discriminative and robust despite of intra-class variations and inter-class similarities naturally present in hand-drawn sketch images. Outperforming the state of the art on sketch recognition, our method achieves 82.2% and 88.7% on TU-Berlin-250 and TU-Berlin-160 benchmarks respectively. 
### 28.Fast and Accurate Person Re-Identification with RMNet  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02465.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce a new neural network architecture designed to use in embedded vision applications. It merges the best working practices of network architectures like MobileNets and ResNets to our named RMNet architecture. We also focus on key moments of building mobile architectures to carry out in the limited computation budget. Additionally, to demonstrate the effectiveness of our architecture we evaluate the RMNet backbone on Person Re-identification task. The proposed approach is in top 3 of state of the art solutions on Market-1501 challenge, however our method significantly outperforms them by the inference speed. 
### 29.Segmentation of Head and Neck Organs at Risk Using CNN with Batch Dice Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02427.pdf)
>  This paper deals with segmentation of organs at risk (OAR) in head and neck area in CT images which is a crucial step for reliable intensity modulated radiotherapy treatment. We introduce a convolution neural network with encoder-decoder architecture and a new loss function, the batch soft Dice loss function, used to train the network. The resulting model produces segmentations of every OAR in the public MICCAI 2015 Head And Neck Auto-Segmentation Challenge dataset. Despite the heavy class imbalance in the data, we improve accuracy of current state-of-the-art methods by 0.33 mm in terms of average surface distance and by 0.11 in terms of Dice overlap coefficient on average. 
### 30.MEAL: Multi-Model Ensemble via Adversarial Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02425.pdf)
>  Often the best performing deep neural models are ensembles of multiple base-level networks. Unfortunately, the space required to store these many networks, and the time required to execute them at test-time, prohibits their use in applications where test sets are large (e.g., ImageNet). In this paper, we present a method for compressing large, complex trained ensembles into a single network, where knowledge from a variety of trained deep neural networks (DNNs) is distilled and transferred to a single DNN. In order to distill diverse knowledge from different trained (teacher) models, we propose to use adversarial-based learning strategy where we define a block-wise training loss to guide and optimize the predefined student network to recover the knowledge in teacher models, and to promote the discriminator network to distinguish teacher vs. student features simultaneously. The proposed ensemble method (MEAL) of transferring distilled knowledge with adversarial learning exhibits three important advantages: (1) the student network that learns the distilled knowledge with discriminators is optimized better than the original model; (2) fast inference is realized by a single forward pass, while the performance is even better than traditional ensembles from multi-original models; (3) the student network can learn the distilled knowledge from a teacher model that has arbitrary structures. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10/100, SVHN and ImageNet datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our MEAL method. On ImageNet, our ResNet-50 based MEAL achieves top-1/5 21.79%/5.99% val error, which outperforms the original model by 2.06%/1.14%. Code and models are available at: <a href="https://github.com/AaronHeee/MEAL">this https URL</a> 
### 31.Self-supervised Learning of Dense Shape Correspondence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02415.pdf)
>  We introduce the first completely unsupervised correspondence learning approach for deformable 3D shapes. Key to our model is the understanding that natural deformations (such as changes in pose) approximately preserve the metric structure of the surface, yielding a natural criterion to drive the learning process toward distortion-minimizing predictions. On this basis, we overcome the need for annotated data and replace it by a purely geometric criterion. The resulting learning model is class-agnostic, and is able to leverage any type of deformable geometric data for the training phase. In contrast to existing supervised approaches which specialize on the class seen at training time, we demonstrate stronger generalization as well as applicability to a variety of challenging settings. We showcase our method on a wide selection of correspondence benchmarks, where we outperform other methods in terms of accuracy, generalization, and efficiency. 
### 32.Web Applicable Computer-aided Diagnosis of Glaucoma Using Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02405.pdf)
>  Glaucoma is a major eye disease, leading to vision loss in the absence of proper medical treatment. Current diagnosis of glaucoma is performed by ophthalmologists who are often analyzing several types of medical images generated by different types of medical equipment. Capturing and analyzing these medical images is labor-intensive and expensive. In this paper, we present a novel computational approach towards glaucoma diagnosis and localization, only making use of eye fundus images that are analyzed by state-of-the-art deep learning techniques. Specifically, our approach leverages Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mapping (Grad-CAM) for glaucoma diagnosis and localization, respectively. Quantitative and qualitative results, as obtained for a small-sized dataset with no segmentation ground truth, demonstrate that the proposed approach is promising, for instance achieving an accuracy of 0.91$\pm0.02$ and an ROC-AUC score of 0.94 for the diagnosis task. Furthermore, we present a publicly available prototype web application that integrates our predictive model, with the goal of making effective glaucoma diagnosis available to a wide audience. 
### 33.Trained Rank Pruning for Efficient Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02402.pdf)
>  The performance of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) keeps elevating in recent years with increasing network depth and width. To enable DNNs on edge devices like mobile phones, researchers proposed several network compression methods including pruning, quantization and factorization. Among the factorization-based approaches, low-rank approximation has been widely adopted because of its solid theoretical rationale and efficient implementations. Several previous works attempted to directly approximate a pre-trained model by low-rank decomposition; however, small approximation errors in parameters can ripple a large prediction loss. As a result, performance usually drops significantly and a sophisticated fine-tuning is required to recover accuracy. We argue that it is not optimal to separate low-rank approximation from training. Unlike previous works, this paper integrates low rank approximation and regularization into the training. We propose Trained Rank Pruning (TRP), which iterates low rank approximation and training. TRP maintains the capacity of original network while imposes low-rank constraints during training. A stochastic sub-gradient descent optimized nuclear regularization is utilized to further encourage low rank in TRP. The TRP trained network has low-rank structure in nature, and can be approximated with negligible performance loss, eliminating fine-tuning after low rank approximation. The methods are comprehensively evaluated on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet, outperforming previous compression methods using low rank approximation. 
### 34.Adaptive Scenario Discovery for Crowd Counting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02393.pdf)
>  Crowd counting, i.e., estimation number of pedestrian in crowd images, is emerging as an important research problem with the public security applications. A key ingredient in the design of crowd counting systems is the construction of counting models while being robust to various scenarios under facts such as camera perspective and physical barriers. In this paper, we present an adaptive scenario discovery framework for crowd counting. The system is structured with two parallel pathways that are trained with different sizes of receptive field to represent different scales and crowd densities. After ensuring that these components are present in the proper geometric configuration, a third branch is designed to adaptively recalibrate the pathway-wise responses by discovering and modeling the dynamic scenarios implicitly. Our system is able to represent highly variable crowd images and achieves state-of-the-art results in two challenging benchmarks. 
### 35.Meta-Transfer Learning for Few-Shot Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02391.pdf)
>  Meta-learning has been proposed as a framework to address the challenging few-shot learning setting. The key idea is to leverage a large number of similar few-shot tasks in order to learn how to adapt a base-learner to a new task for which only a few labeled samples are available. As deep neural networks (DNNs) tend to overfit using a few samples only, meta-learning typically uses shallow neural networks (SNNs), thus limiting its effectiveness. In this paper we propose a novel few-shot learning method called meta-transfer learning (MTL) which learns to adapt a deep NN for few shot learning tasks. Specifically, &#34;meta&#34; refers to training multiple tasks, and &#34;transfer&#34; is achieved by learning scaling and shifting functions of DNN weights for each task. In addition, we introduce the hard task (HT) meta-batch scheme as an effective learning curriculum for MTL. We conduct experiments using (5-class, 1-shot) and (5-class, 5-shot) recognition tasks on two challenging few-shot learning benchmarks: miniImageNet and Fewshot-CIFAR100. Extensive comparisons to related works validate that our meta-transfer learning approach trained with the proposed HT meta-batch scheme achieves top performance. An ablation study also shows that both components contribute to fast convergence and high accuracy. 
### 36.Auto-Encoding Graphical Inductive Bias for Descriptive Image Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02378.pdf)
>  We propose Scene Graph Auto-Encoder (SGAE) that incorporates the language inductive bias into the encoder-decoder image captioning framework for more human-like captions. Intuitively, we humans use the inductive bias to compose collocations and contextual inference in discourse. For example, when we see the relation `person on bike&#39;, it is natural to replace `on&#39; with `ride&#39; and infer `person riding bike on a road&#39; even the `road&#39; is not evident. Therefore, exploiting such bias as a language prior is expected to help the conventional encoder-decoder models less likely overfit to the dataset bias and focus on reasoning. Specifically, we use the scene graph --- a directed graph ($\mathcal{G}$) where an object node is connected by adjective nodes and relationship nodes --- to represent the complex structural layout of both image ($\mathcal{I}$) and sentence ($\mathcal{S}$). In the textual domain, we use SGAE to learn a dictionary ($\mathcal{D}$) that helps to reconstruct sentences in the $\mathcal{S}\rightarrow \mathcal{G} \rightarrow \mathcal{D} \rightarrow \mathcal{S}$ pipeline, where $\mathcal{D}$ encodes the desired language prior; in the vision-language domain, we use the shared $\mathcal{D}$ to guide the encoder-decoder in the $\mathcal{I}\rightarrow \mathcal{G}\rightarrow \mathcal{D} \rightarrow \mathcal{S}$ pipeline. Thanks to the scene graph representation and shared dictionary, the inductive bias is transferred across domains in principle. We validate the effectiveness of SGAE on the challenging MS-COCO image captioning benchmark, e.g., our SGAE-based single-model achieves a new state-of-the-art $127.8$ CIDEr-D on the Karpathy split, and a competitive $125.5$ CIDEr-D (c40) on the official server even compared to other ensemble models. 
### 37.Context-Aware Synthesis and Placement ofObject Instances  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02350.pdf)
>  Learning to insert an object instance into an image in a semantically coherent manner is a challenging and interesting problem. Solving it requires (a) determining a location to place an object in the scene and (b) determining its appearance at the location. Such an object insertion model can potentially facilitate numerous image editing and scene parsing applications. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end trainable neural network for the task of inserting an object instance mask of a specified class into the semantic label map of an image. Our network consists of two generative modules where one determines where the inserted object mask should be (i.e., location and scale) and the other determines what the object mask shape (and pose) should look like. The two modules are connected together via a spatial transformation network and jointly trained. We devise a learning procedure that leverage both supervised and unsupervised data and show our model can insert an object at diverse locations with various appearances. We conduct extensive experimental validations with comparisons to strong baselines to verify the effectiveness of the proposed network. 
### 38.Scene Dynamics: Counterfactual Critic Multi-Agent Training for Scene Graph Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02347.pdf)
>  Scene graphs -- objects as nodes and visual relationships as edges -- describe the whereabouts and interactions of the things and stuff in an image for comprehensive scene understanding. To generate coherent scene graphs, almost all existing methods exploit the fruitful visual context by modeling message passing among objects, fitting the dynamic nature of reasoning with visual context, eg, &#34;person&#34; on &#34;bike&#34; can help determine the relationship &#34;ride&#34;, which in turn contributes to the category confidence of the two objects. However, we argue that the scene dynamics is not properly learned by using the prevailing cross-entropy based supervised learning paradigm, which is not sensitive to graph inconsistency: errors at the hub or non-hub nodes are unfortunately penalized equally. To this end, we propose a Counterfactual critic Multi-Agent Training (CMAT) approach to resolve the mismatch. CMAT is a multi-agent policy gradient method that frames objects as cooperative agents, and then directly maximizes a graph-level metric as the reward. In particular, to assign the reward properly to each agent, CMAT uses a counterfactual baseline that disentangles the agent-specific reward by fixing the dynamics of other agents. Extensive validations on the challenging Visual Genome benchmark show that CMAT achieves a state-of-the-art by significant performance gains under various settings and metrics. 
### 39.Arbitrary Style Transfer with Style-Attentional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02342.pdf)
>  Arbitrary style transfer is the problem of synthesizing content image with style of the image that have never seen before. Recent arbitrary style transfer algorithms have trade-off between the content structure and the style patterns, or maintaining the global and local style patterns at the same time is difficult due to the patch-based mechanism. In this paper, we introduce a novel style-attentional network (SANet), which efficiently and flexibly decorates the local style patterns according to the semantic spatial distribution of the content image. A new identity loss function and a multi-level features embedding also make our SANet and decoder preserve the content structure as much as possible while enriching the style patterns. Experimental results demonstrate that our algorithm synthesizes higher-quality stylized images in real-time than the state-of-the-art-algorithms. 
### 40.Skin Lesions Classification Using Convolutional Neural Networks in Clinical Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02316.pdf)
>  Skin lesions are conditions that appear on a patient due to many different reasons. One of these can be because of an abnormal growth in skin tissue, defined as cancer. This disease plagues more than 14.1 million patients and had been the cause of more than 8.2 million deaths, worldwide. Therefore, the construction of a classification model for 12 lesions, including Malignant Melanoma and Basal Cell Carcinoma, is proposed. Furthermore, in this work, it is used a ResNet-152 architecture, which was trained over 3,797 images, later augmented by a factor of 29 times, using positional, scale, and lighting transformations. Finally, the network was tested with 956 images and achieve an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.96 for Melanoma and 0.91 for Basal Cell Carcinoma. 
### 41.Photo Wake-Up: 3D Character Animation from a Single Photo  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02246.pdf)
>  We present a method and application for animating a human subject from a single photo. E.g., the character can walk out, run, sit, or jump in 3D. The key contributions of this paper are: 1) an application of viewing and animating humans in single photos in 3D, 2) a novel 2D warping method to deform a posable template body model to fit the person&#39;s complex silhouette to create an animatable mesh, and 3) a method for handling partial self occlusions. We compare to state-of-the-art related methods and evaluate results with human studies. Further, we present an interactive interface that allows re-posing the person in 3D, and an augmented reality setup where the animated 3D person can emerge from the photo into the real world. We demonstrate the method on photos, posters, and art. 
### 42.Convolutional Neural Networks with Transformed Input based on Robust Tensor Network Decomposition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02622.pdf)
>  Tensor network decomposition, originated from quantum physics to model entangled many-particle quantum systems, turns out to be a promising mathematical technique to efficiently represent and process big data in parsimonious manner. In this study, we show that tensor networks can systematically partition structured data, e.g. color images, for distributed storage and communication in privacy-preserving manner. Leveraging the sea of big data and metadata privacy, empirical results show that neighbouring subtensors with implicit information stored in tensor network formats cannot be identified for data reconstruction. This technique complements the existing encryption and randomization techniques which store explicit data representation at one place and highly susceptible to adversarial attacks such as side-channel attacks and de-anonymization. Furthermore, we propose a theory for adversarial examples that mislead convolutional neural networks to misclassification using subspace analysis based on singular value decomposition (SVD). The theory is extended to analyze higher-order tensors using tensor-train SVD (TT-SVD); it helps to explain the level of susceptibility of different datasets to adversarial attacks, the structural similarity of different adversarial attacks including global and localized attacks, and the efficacy of different adversarial defenses based on input transformation. An efficient and adaptive algorithm based on robust TT-SVD is then developed to detect strong and static adversarial attacks. 
### 43.Pseudo-Rehearsal: Achieving Deep Reinforcement Learning without Catastrophic Forgetting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02464.pdf)
>  Neural networks can achieve extraordinary results on a wide variety of tasks. However, when they attempt to sequentially learn a number of tasks, they tend to learn the new task while destructively forgetting previous tasks. One solution to this problem is pseudo-rehearsal, which involves learning the new task while rehearsing generated items representative of previous task/s. We demonstrate that pairing pseudo-rehearsal methods with a generative network is an effective solution to this problem in reinforcement learning. Our method iteratively learns three Atari 2600 games while retaining above human level performance on all three games, performing similar to a network which rehearses real examples from all previously learnt tasks. 
### 44.DNQ: Dynamic Network Quantization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.02375.pdf)
>  Network quantization is an effective method for the deployment of neural networks on memory and energy constrained mobile devices. In this paper, we propose a Dynamic Network Quantization (DNQ) framework which is composed of two modules: a bit-width controller and a quantizer. Unlike most existing quantization methods that use a universal quantization bit-width for the whole network, we utilize policy gradient to train an agent to learn the bit-width of each layer by the bit-width controller. This controller can make a trade-off between accuracy and compression ratio. Given the quantization bit-width sequence, the quantizer adopts the quantization distance as the criterion of the weights importance during quantization. We extensively validate the proposed approach on various main-stream neural networks and obtain impressive results. 
