# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 5 May 2022
### 1.COOPERNAUT: End-to-End Driving with Cooperative Perception for Networked Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02222.pdf)
>  Optical sensors and learning algorithms for autonomous vehicles have dramatically advanced in the past few years. Nonetheless, the reliability of today's autonomous vehicles is hindered by the limited line-of-sight sensing capability and the brittleness of data-driven methods in handling extreme situations. With recent developments of telecommunication technologies, cooperative perception with vehicle-to-vehicle communications has become a promising paradigm to enhance autonomous driving in dangerous or emergency situations. We introduce COOPERNAUT, an end-to-end learning model that uses cross-vehicle perception for vision-based cooperative driving. Our model encodes LiDAR information into compact point-based representations that can be transmitted as messages between vehicles via realistic wireless channels. To evaluate our model, we develop AutoCastSim, a network-augmented driving simulation framework with example accident-prone scenarios. Our experiments on AutoCastSim suggest that our cooperative perception driving models lead to a 40% improvement in average success rate over egocentric driving models in these challenging driving situations and a 5 times smaller bandwidth requirement than prior work V2VNet. COOPERNAUT and AUTOCASTSIM are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ut-austin-rpl.github.io/Coopernaut/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.UnrealNAS: Can We Search Neural Architectures with Unreal Data?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02162.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) has shown great success in the automatic design of deep neural networks (DNNs). However, the best way to use data to search network architectures is still unclear and under exploration. Previous work [19, 46] has analyzed the necessity of having ground-truth labels in NAS and inspired broad interest. In this work, we take a further step to question whether real data is necessary for NAS to be effective. The answer to this question is important for applications with limited amount of accessible data, and can help people improve NAS by leveraging the extra flexibility of data generation. To explore if NAS needs real data, we construct three types of unreal datasets using: 1) randomly labeled real images; 2) generated images and labels; and 3) generated Gaussian noise with random labels. These datasets facilitate to analyze the generalization and expressivity of the searched architectures. We study the performance of architectures searched on these constructed datasets using popular differentiable NAS methods. Extensive experiments on CIFAR, ImageNet and CheXpert [12] show that the searched architectures can achieve promising results compared with those derived from the conventional NAS pipeline with real labeled data, suggesting the feasibility of performing NAS with unreal data.      
### 3.Dual Cross-Attention Learning for Fine-Grained Visual Categorization and Object Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02151.pdf)
>  Recently, self-attention mechanisms have shown impressive performance in various NLP and CV tasks, which can help capture sequential characteristics and derive global information. In this work, we explore how to extend self-attention modules to better learn subtle feature embeddings for recognizing fine-grained objects, e.g., different bird species or person identities. To this end, we propose a dual cross-attention learning (DCAL) algorithm to coordinate with self-attention learning. First, we propose global-local cross-attention (GLCA) to enhance the interactions between global images and local high-response regions, which can help reinforce the spatial-wise discriminative clues for recognition. Second, we propose pair-wise cross-attention (PWCA) to establish the interactions between image pairs. PWCA can regularize the attention learning of an image by treating another image as distractor and will be removed during inference. We observe that DCAL can reduce misleading attentions and diffuse the attention response to discover more complementary parts for recognition. We conduct extensive evaluations on fine-grained visual categorization and object re-identification. Experiments demonstrate that DCAL performs on par with state-of-the-art methods and consistently improves multiple self-attention baselines, e.g., surpassing DeiT-Tiny and ViT-Base by 2.8% and 2.4% mAP on MSMT17, respectively.      
### 4.An Analysis of Generative Methods for Multiple Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02146.pdf)
>  Image inpainting refers to the restoration of an image with missing regions in a way that is not detectable by the observer. The inpainting regions can be of any size and shape. This is an ill-posed inverse problem that does not have a unique solution. In this work, we focus on learning-based image completion methods for multiple and diverse inpainting which goal is to provide a set of distinct solutions for a given damaged image. These methods capitalize on the probabilistic nature of certain generative models to sample various solutions that coherently restore the missing content. Along the chapter, we will analyze the underlying theory and analyze the recent proposals for multiple inpainting. To investigate the pros and cons of each method, we present quantitative and qualitative comparisons, on common datasets, regarding both the quality and the diversity of the set of inpainted solutions. Our analysis allows us to identify the most successful generative strategies in both inpainting quality and inpainting diversity. This task is closely related to the learning of an accurate probability distribution of images. Depending on the dataset in use, the challenges that entail the training of such a model will be discussed through the analysis.      
### 5.RecipeSnap -- a lightweight image-to-recipe model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02141.pdf)
>  In this paper we want to address the problem of automation for recognition of photographed cooking dishes and generating the corresponding food recipes. Current image-to-recipe models are computation expensive and require powerful GPUs for model training and implementation. High computational cost prevents those existing models from being deployed on portable devices, like smart phones. To solve this issue we introduce a lightweight image-to-recipe prediction model, RecipeSnap, that reduces memory cost and computational cost by more than 90% while still achieving 2.0 MedR, which is in line with the state-of-the-art model. A pre-trained recipe encoder was used to compute recipe embeddings. Recipes from Recipe1M dataset and corresponding recipe embeddings are collected as a recipe library, which are used for image encoder training and image query later. We use MobileNet-V2 as image encoder backbone, which makes our model suitable to portable devices. This model can be further developed into an application for smart phones with a few effort. A comparison of the performance between this lightweight model to other heavy models are presented in this paper. Code, data and models are publicly accessible on github.      
### 6.Domino Saliency Metrics: Improving Existing Channel Saliency Metrics with Structural Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02131.pdf)
>  Channel pruning is used to reduce the number of weights in a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Channel pruning removes slices of the weight tensor so that the convolution layer remains dense. The removal of these weight slices from a single layer causes mismatching number of feature maps between layers of the network. A simple solution is to force the number of feature map between layers to match through the removal of weight slices from subsequent layers. This additional constraint becomes more apparent in DNNs with branches where multiple channels need to be pruned together to keep the network dense. Popular pruning saliency metrics do not factor in the structural dependencies that arise in DNNs with branches. We propose Domino metrics (built on existing channel saliency metrics) to reflect these structural constraints. We test Domino saliency metrics against the baseline channel saliency metrics on multiple networks with branches. Domino saliency metrics improved pruning rates in most tested networks and up to 25% in AlexNet on CIFAR-10.      
### 7.Engineering deep learning methods on automatic detection of damage in infrastructure due to extreme events  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02125.pdf)
>  This paper presents a few comprehensive experimental studies for automated Structural Damage Detection (SDD) in extreme events using deep learning methods for processing 2D images. In the first study, a 152-layer Residual network (ResNet) is utilized to classify multiple classes in eight SDD tasks, which include identification of scene levels, damage levels, material types, etc. The proposed ResNet achieved high accuracy for each task while the positions of the damage are not identifiable. In the second study, the existing ResNet and a segmentation network (U-Net) are combined into a new pipeline, cascaded networks, for categorizing and locating structural damage. The results show that the accuracy of damage detection is significantly improved compared to only using a segmentation network. In the third and fourth studies, end-to-end networks are developed and tested as a new solution to directly detect cracks and spalling in the image collections of recent large earthquakes. One of the proposed networks can achieve an accuracy above 67.6% for all tested images at various scales and resolutions, and shows its robustness for these human-free detection tasks. As a preliminary field study, we applied the proposed method to detect damage in a concrete structure that was tested to study its progressive collapse performance. The experiments indicate that these solutions for automatic detection of structural damage using deep learning methods are feasible and promising. The training datasets and codes will be made available for the public upon the publication of this paper.      
### 8.Improved Orientation Estimation and Detection with Hybrid Object Detection Networks for Automotive Radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02111.pdf)
>  This paper presents novel hybrid architectures that combine grid- and point-based processing to improve the detection performance and orientation estimation of radar-based object detection networks. Purely grid-based detection models operate on a bird's-eye-view (BEV) projection of the input point cloud. These approaches suffer from a loss of detailed information through the discrete grid resolution. This applies in particular to radar object detection, where relatively coarse grid resolutions are commonly used to account for the sparsity of radar point clouds. In contrast, point-based models are not affected by this problem as they continuously process point clouds. However, they generally exhibit worse detection performances than grid-based methods. <br>We show that a point-based model can extract neighborhood features, leveraging the exact relative positions of points, before grid rendering. This has significant benefits for a following convolutional detection backbone. In experiments on the public nuScenes dataset our hybrid architecture achieves improvements in terms of detection performance and orientation estimates over networks from previous literature.      
### 9.Prediction of fish location by combining fisheries data and sea bottom temperature forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02107.pdf)
>  This paper combines fisheries dependent data and environmental data to be used in a machine learning pipeline to predict the spatio-temporal abundance of two species (plaice and sole) commonly caught by the Belgian fishery in the North Sea. By combining fisheries related features with environmental data, sea bottom temperature derived from remote sensing, a higher accuracy can be achieved. In a forecast setting, the predictive accuracy is further improved by predicting, using a recurrent deep neural network, the sea bottom temperature up to four days in advance instead of relying on the last previous temperature measurement.      
### 10.Concept Activation Vectors for Generating User-Defined 3D Shapes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02102.pdf)
>  We explore the interpretability of 3D geometric deep learning models in the context of Computer-Aided Design (CAD). The field of parametric CAD can be limited by the difficulty of expressing high-level design concepts in terms of a few numeric parameters. In this paper, we use a deep learning architectures to encode high dimensional 3D shapes into a vectorized latent representation that can be used to describe arbitrary concepts. Specifically, we train a simple auto-encoder to parameterize a dataset of complex shapes. To understand the latent encoded space, we use the idea of Concept Activation Vectors (CAV) to reinterpret the latent space in terms of user-defined concepts. This allows modification of a reference design to exhibit more or fewer characteristics of a chosen concept or group of concepts. We also test the statistical significance of the identified concepts and determine the sensitivity of a physical quantity of interest across the dataset.      
### 11.Dynamic Sparse R-CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02101.pdf)
>  Sparse R-CNN is a recent strong object detection baseline by set prediction on sparse, learnable proposal boxes and proposal features. In this work, we propose to improve Sparse R-CNN with two dynamic designs. First, Sparse R-CNN adopts a one-to-one label assignment scheme, where the Hungarian algorithm is applied to match only one positive sample for each ground truth. Such one-to-one assignment may not be optimal for the matching between the learned proposal boxes and ground truths. To address this problem, we propose dynamic label assignment (DLA) based on the optimal transport algorithm to assign increasing positive samples in the iterative training stages of Sparse R-CNN. We constrain the matching to be gradually looser in the sequential stages as the later stage produces the refined proposals with improved precision. Second, the learned proposal boxes and features remain fixed for different images in the inference process of Sparse R-CNN. Motivated by dynamic convolution, we propose dynamic proposal generation (DPG) to assemble multiple proposal experts dynamically for providing better initial proposal boxes and features for the consecutive training stages. DPG thereby can derive sample-dependent proposal boxes and features for inference. Experiments demonstrate that our method, named Dynamic Sparse R-CNN, can boost the strong Sparse R-CNN baseline with different backbones for object detection. Particularly, Dynamic Sparse R-CNN reaches the state-of-the-art 47.2% AP on the COCO 2017 validation set, surpassing Sparse R-CNN by 2.2% AP with the same ResNet-50 backbone.      
### 12.A Novel Fully Annotated Thermal Infrared Face Dataset: Recorded in Various Environment Conditions and Distances From The Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02093.pdf)
>  Facial thermography is one of the most popular research areas in infrared thermal imaging, with diverse applications in medical, surveillance, and environmental monitoring. However, in contrast to facial imagery in the visual spectrum, the lack of public datasets on facial thermal images is an obstacle to research improvement in this area. Thermal face imagery is still a relatively new research area to be evaluated and studied in different domains.The current thermal face datasets are limited in regards to the subjects' distance from the camera, the ambient temperature variation, and facial landmarks' localization. We address these gaps by presenting a new facial thermography dataset. This article makes two main contributions to the body of knowledge. First, it presents a comprehensive review and comparison of current public datasets in facial thermography. Second, it introduces and studies a novel public dataset on facial thermography, which we call it Charlotte-ThermalFace. Charlotte-ThermalFace contains more than10000 infrared thermal images in varying thermal conditions, several distances from the camera, and different head positions. The data is fully annotated with the facial landmarks, ambient temperature, relative humidity, the air speed of the room, distance to the camera, and subject thermal sensation at the time of capturing each image. Our dataset is the first publicly available thermal dataset annotated with the thermal sensation of each subject in different thermal conditions and one of the few datasets in raw 16-bit format. Finally, we present a preliminary analysis of the dataset to show the applicability and importance of the thermal conditions in facial thermography. The full dataset, including annotations, are freely available for research purpose at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TeCSAR-UNCC/UNCC-ThermalFace" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 13.Hypercomplex Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02087.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation (I2I) aims at transferring the content representation from an input domain to an output one, bouncing along different target domains. Recent I2I generative models, which gain outstanding results in this task, comprise a set of diverse deep networks each with tens of million parameters. Moreover, images are usually three-dimensional being composed of RGB channels and common neural models do not take dimensions correlation into account, losing beneficial information. In this paper, we propose to leverage hypercomplex algebra properties to define lightweight I2I generative models capable of preserving pre-existing relations among image dimensions, thus exploiting additional input information. On manifold I2I benchmarks, we show how the proposed Quaternion StarGANv2 and parameterized hypercomplex StarGANv2 (PHStarGANv2) reduce parameters and storage memory amount while ensuring high domain translation performance and good image quality as measured by FID and LPIPS scores. Full code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ispamm/HI2I" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Video Extrapolation in Space and Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02084.pdf)
>  Novel view synthesis (NVS) and video prediction (VP) are typically considered disjoint tasks in computer vision. However, they can both be seen as ways to observe the spatial-temporal world: NVS aims to synthesize a scene from a new point of view, while VP aims to see a scene from a new point of time. These two tasks provide complementary signals to obtain a scene representation, as viewpoint changes from spatial observations inform depth, and temporal observations inform the motion of cameras and individual objects. Inspired by these observations, we propose to study the problem of Video Extrapolation in Space and Time (VEST). We propose a model that leverages the self-supervision and the complementary cues from both tasks, while existing methods can only solve one of them. Experiments show that our method achieves performance better than or comparable to several state-of-the-art NVS and VP methods on indoor and outdoor real-world datasets.      
### 15.SDF-based RGB-D Camera Tracking in Neural Scene Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02079.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of tracking the 6D pose of a moving RGB-D camera in a neural scene representation. Different such representations have recently emerged, and we investigate the suitability of them for the task of camera tracking. In particular, we propose to track an RGB-D camera using a signed distance field-based representation and show that compared to density-based representations, tracking can be sped up, which enables more robust and accurate pose estimates when computation time is limited.      
### 16.ANUBIS: Review and Benchmark Skeleton-Based Action Recognition Methods with a New Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02071.pdf)
>  Skeleton-based action recognition, as a subarea of action recognition, is swiftly accumulating attention and popularity. The task is to recognize actions performed by human articulation points. Compared with other data modalities, 3D human skeleton representations have extensive unique desirable characteristics, including succinctness, robustness, racial-impartiality, and many more. We aim to provide a roadmap for new and existing researchers a on the landscapes of skeleton-based action recognition for new and existing researchers. To this end, we present a review in the form of a taxonomy on existing works of skeleton-based action recognition. We partition them into four major categories: (1) datasets; (2) extracting spatial features; (3) capturing temporal patterns; (4) improving signal quality. For each method, we provide concise yet informatively-sufficient descriptions. To promote more fair and comprehensive evaluation on existing approaches of skeleton-based action recognition, we collect ANUBIS, a large-scale human skeleton dataset. Compared with previously collected dataset, ANUBIS are advantageous in the following four aspects: (1) employing more recently released sensors; (2) containing novel back view; (3) encouraging high enthusiasm of subjects; (4) including actions of the COVID pandemic era. Using ANUBIS, we comparably benchmark performance of current skeleton-based action recognizers. At the end of this paper, we outlook future development of skeleton-based action recognition by listing several new technical problems. We believe they are valuable to solve in order to commercialize skeleton-based action recognition in the near future. The dataset of ANUBIS is available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://hcc-workshop.anu.edu.au/webs/anu101/home" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 17.DeepPortraitDrawing: Generating Human Body Images from Freehand Sketches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02070.pdf)
>  Researchers have explored various ways to generate realistic images from freehand sketches, e.g., for objects and human faces. However, how to generate realistic human body images from sketches is still a challenging problem. It is, first because of the sensitivity to human shapes, second because of the complexity of human images caused by body shape and pose changes, and third because of the domain gap between realistic images and freehand sketches. In this work, we present DeepPortraitDrawing, a deep generative framework for converting roughly drawn sketches to realistic human body images. To encode complicated body shapes under various poses, we take a local-to-global approach. Locally, we employ semantic part auto-encoders to construct part-level shape spaces, which are useful for refining the geometry of an input pre-segmented hand-drawn sketch. Globally, we employ a cascaded spatial transformer network to refine the structure of body parts by adjusting their spatial locations and relative proportions. Finally, we use a global synthesis network for the sketch-to-image translation task, and a face refinement network to enhance facial details. Extensive experiments have shown that given roughly sketched human portraits, our method produces more realistic images than the state-of-the-art sketch-to-image synthesis techniques.      
### 18.Dual Branch Neural Network for Sea Fog Detection in Geostationary Ocean Color Imager  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02069.pdf)
>  Sea fog significantly threatens the safety of maritime activities. This paper develops a sea fog dataset (SFDD) and a dual branch sea fog detection network (DB-SFNet). We investigate all the observed sea fog events in the Yellow Sea and the Bohai Sea (118.1째E-128.1째E, 29.5째N-43.8째N) from 2010 to 2020, and collect the sea fog images for each event from the Geostationary Ocean Color Imager (GOCI) to comprise the dataset SFDD. The location of the sea fog in each image in SFDD is accurately marked. The proposed dataset is characterized by a long-time span, large number of samples, and accurate labeling, that can substantially improve the robustness of various sea fog detection models. Furthermore, this paper proposes a dual branch sea fog detection network to achieve accurate and holistic sea fog detection. The poporsed DB-SFNet is composed of a knowledge extraction module and a dual branch optional encoding decoding module. The two modules jointly extracts discriminative features from both visual and statistical domain. Experiments show promising sea fog detection results with an F1-score of 0.77 and a critical success index of 0.63. Compared with existing advanced deep learning networks, DB-SFNet is superior in detection performance and stability, particularly in the mixed cloud and fog areas.      
### 19.Mobile-URSONet: an Embeddable Neural Network for Onboard Spacecraft Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02065.pdf)
>  Spacecraft pose estimation is an essential computer vision application that can improve the autonomy of in-orbit operations. An ESA/Stanford competition brought out solutions that seem hardly compatible with the constraints imposed on spacecraft onboard computers. URSONet is among the best in the competition for its generalization capabilities but at the cost of a tremendous number of parameters and high computational complexity. In this paper, we propose Mobile-URSONet: a spacecraft pose estimation convolutional neural network with 178 times fewer parameters while degrading accuracy by no more than four times compared to URSONet.      
### 20.Self-Supervised Learning for Invariant Representations from Multi-Spectral and SAR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02049.pdf)
>  Self-Supervised learning (SSL) has become the new state-of-art in several domain classification and segmentation tasks. Of these, one popular category in SSL is distillation networks such as BYOL. This work proposes RSDnet, which applies the distillation network (BYOL) in the remote sensing (RS) domain where data is non-trivially different from natural RGB images. Since Multi-spectral (MS) and synthetic aperture radar (SAR) sensors provide varied spectral and spatial resolution information, we utilised them as an implicit augmentation to learn invariant feature embeddings. In order to learn RS based invariant features with SSL, we trained RSDnet in two ways, i.e., single channel feature learning and three channel feature learning. This work explores the usefulness of single channel feature learning from random MS and SAR bands compared to the common notion of using three or more bands. In our linear evaluation, these single channel features reached a 0.92 F1 score on the EuroSAT classification task and 59.6 mIoU on the DFC segmentation task for certain single bands. We also compared our results with ImageNet weights and showed that the RS based SSL model outperforms the supervised ImageNet based model. We further explored the usefulness of multi-modal data compared to single modality data, and it is shown that utilising MS and SAR data learn better invariant representations than utilising only MS data.      
### 21.Self-Supervised Super-Resolution for Multi-Exposure Push-Frame Satellites  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02031.pdf)
>  Modern Earth observation satellites capture multi-exposure bursts of push-frame images that can be super-resolved via computational means. In this work, we propose a super-resolution method for such multi-exposure sequences, a problem that has received very little attention in the literature. The proposed method can handle the signal-dependent noise in the inputs, process sequences of any length, and be robust to inaccuracies in the exposure times. Furthermore, it can be trained end-to-end with self-supervision, without requiring ground truth high resolution frames, which makes it especially suited to handle real data. Central to our method are three key contributions: i) a base-detail decomposition for handling errors in the exposure times, ii) a noise-level-aware feature encoding for improved fusion of frames with varying signal-to-noise ratio and iii) a permutation invariant fusion strategy by temporal pooling operators. We evaluate the proposed method on synthetic and real data and show that it outperforms by a significant margin existing single-exposure approaches that we adapted to the multi-exposure case.      
### 22.TransRank: Self-supervised Video Representation Learning via Ranking-based Transformation Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02028.pdf)
>  Recognizing transformation types applied to a video clip (RecogTrans) is a long-established paradigm for self-supervised video representation learning, which achieves much inferior performance compared to instance discrimination approaches (InstDisc) in recent works. However, based on a thorough comparison of representative RecogTrans and InstDisc methods, we observe the great potential of RecogTrans on both semantic-related and temporal-related downstream tasks. Based on hard-label classification, existing RecogTrans approaches suffer from noisy supervision signals in pre-training. To mitigate this problem, we developed TransRank, a unified framework for recognizing Transformations in a Ranking formulation. TransRank provides accurate supervision signals by recognizing transformations relatively, consistently outperforming the classification-based formulation. Meanwhile, the unified framework can be instantiated with an arbitrary set of temporal or spatial transformations, demonstrating good generality. With a ranking-based formulation and several empirical practices, we achieve competitive performance on video retrieval and action recognition. Under the same setting, TransRank surpasses the previous state-of-the-art method by 6.4% on UCF101 and 8.3% on HMDB51 for action recognition (Top1 Acc); improves video retrieval on UCF101 by 20.4% (R@1). The promising results validate that RecogTrans is still a worth exploring paradigm for video self-supervised learning. Codes will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kennymckormick/TransRank" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Impact of a DCT-driven Loss in Attention-based Knowledge-Distillation for Scene Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01997.pdf)
>  Knowledge Distillation (KD) is a strategy for the definition of a set of transferability gangways to improve the efficiency of Convolutional Neural Networks. Feature-based Knowledge Distillation is a subfield of KD that relies on intermediate network representations, either unaltered or depth-reduced via maximum activation maps, as the source knowledge. In this paper, we propose and analyse the use of a 2D frequency transform of the activation maps before transferring them. We pose that\textemdash by using global image cues rather than pixel estimates, this strategy enhances knowledge transferability in tasks such as scene recognition, defined by strong spatial and contextual relationships between multiple and varied concepts. To validate the proposed method, an extensive evaluation of the state-of-the-art in scene recognition is presented. Experimental results provide strong evidences that the proposed strategy enables the student network to better focus on the relevant image areas learnt by the teacher network, hence leading to better descriptive features and higher transferred performance than every other state-of-the-art alternative. We publicly release the training and evaluation framework used along this paper at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www-vpu.eps.uam.es/publications/DCTBasedKDForSceneRecognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 24.Sequencer: Deep LSTM for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01972.pdf)
>  In recent computer vision research, the advent of the Vision Transformer (ViT) has rapidly revolutionized various architectural design efforts: ViT achieved state-of-the-art image classification performance using self-attention found in natural language processing, and MLP-Mixer achieved competitive performance using simple multi-layer perceptrons. In contrast, several studies have also suggested that carefully redesigned convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can achieve advanced performance comparable to ViT without resorting to these new ideas. Against this background, there is growing interest in what inductive bias is suitable for computer vision. Here we propose Sequencer, a novel and competitive architecture alternative to ViT that provides a new perspective on these issues. Unlike ViTs, Sequencer models long-range dependencies using LSTMs rather than self-attention layers. We also propose a two-dimensional version of Sequencer module, where an LSTM is decomposed into vertical and horizontal LSTMs to enhance performance. Despite its simplicity, several experiments demonstrate that Sequencer performs impressively well: Sequencer2D-L, with 54M parameters, realizes 84.6\% top-1 accuracy on only ImageNet-1K. Not only that, we show that it has good transferability and the robust resolution adaptability on double resolution-band.      
### 25.EllSeg-Gen, towards Domain Generalization for head-mounted eyetracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01947.pdf)
>  The study of human gaze behavior in natural contexts requires algorithms for gaze estimation that are robust to a wide range of imaging conditions. However, algorithms often fail to identify features such as the iris and pupil centroid in the presence of reflective artifacts and occlusions. Previous work has shown that convolutional networks excel at extracting gaze features despite the presence of such artifacts. However, these networks often perform poorly on data unseen during training. This work follows the intuition that jointly training a convolutional network with multiple datasets learns a generalized representation of eye parts. We compare the performance of a single model trained with multiple datasets against a pool of models trained on individual datasets. Results indicate that models tested on datasets in which eye images exhibit higher appearance variability benefit from multiset training. In contrast, dataset-specific models generalize better onto eye images with lower appearance variability.      
### 26.Homography-Based Loss Function for Camera Pose Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01937.pdf)
>  Some recent visual-based relocalization algorithms rely on deep learning methods to perform camera pose regression from image data. This paper focuses on the loss functions that embed the error between two poses to perform deep learning based camera pose regression. Existing loss functions are either difficult-to-tune multi-objective functions or present unstable reprojection errors that rely on ground truth 3D scene points and require a two-step training. To deal with these issues, we introduce a novel loss function which is based on a multiplane homography integration. This new function does not require prior initialization and only depends on physically interpretable hyperparameters. Furthermore, the experiments carried out on well established relocalization datasets show that it minimizes best the mean square reprojection error during training when compared with existing loss functions.      
### 27.Self-supervised learning unveils morphological clusters behind lung cancer types and prognosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01931.pdf)
>  Histopathological images of tumors contain abundant information about how tumors grow and how they interact with their micro-environment. Characterizing and improving our understanding of phenotypes could reveal factors related to tumor progression and their underpinning biological processes, ultimately improving diagnosis and treatment. In recent years, the field of histological deep learning applications has seen great progress, yet most of these applications focus on a supervised approach, relating tissue and associated sample annotations. Supervised approaches have their impact limited by two factors. Firstly, high-quality labels are expensive in time and effort, which makes them not easily scalable. Secondly, these methods focus on predicting annotations from histological images, fundamentally restricting the discovery of new tissue phenotypes. These limitations emphasize the importance of using new methods that can characterize tissue by the features enclosed in the image, without pre-defined annotation or supervision. We present Phenotype Representation Learning (PRL), a methodology to extract histomorphological phenotypes through self-supervised learning and community detection. PRL creates phenotype clusters by identifying tissue patterns that share common morphological and cellular features, allowing to describe whole slide images through compositional representations of cluster contributions. We used this framework to analyze histopathology slides of LUAD and LUSC lung cancer subtypes from TCGA and NYU cohorts. We show that PRL achieves a robust lung subtype prediction providing statistically relevant phenotypes for each lung subtype. We further demonstrate the significance of these phenotypes in lung adenocarcinoma overall and recurrence free survival, relating clusters with patient outcomes, cell types, grown patterns, and omic-based immune signatures.      
### 28.Zero-Episode Few-Shot Contrastive Predictive Coding: Solving intelligence tests without prior training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01924.pdf)
>  Video prediction models often combine three components: an encoder from pixel space to a small latent space, a latent space prediction model, and a generative model back to pixel space. However, the large and unpredictable pixel space makes training such models difficult, requiring many training examples. We argue that finding a predictive latent variable and using it to evaluate the consistency of a future image enables data-efficient predictions because it precludes the necessity of a generative model training. To demonstrate it, we created sequence completion intelligence tests in which the task is to identify a predictably changing feature in a sequence of images and use this prediction to select the subsequent image. We show that a one-dimensional Markov Contrastive Predictive Coding (M-CPC_1D) model solves these tests efficiently, with only five examples. Finally, we demonstrate the usefulness of M-CPC_1D in solving two tasks without prior training: anomaly detection and stochastic movement video prediction.      
### 29.Scene Clustering Based Pseudo-labeling Strategy for Multi-modal Aerial View Object Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01920.pdf)
>  Multi-modal aerial view object classification (MAVOC) in Automatic target recognition (ATR), although an important and challenging problem, has been under studied. This paper firstly finds that fine-grained data, class imbalance and various shooting conditions preclude the representational ability of general image classification. Moreover, the MAVOC dataset has scene aggregation characteristics. By exploiting these properties, we propose Scene Clustering Based Pseudo-labeling Strategy (SCP-Label), a simple yet effective method to employ in post-processing. The SCP-Label brings greater accuracy by assigning the same label to objects within the same scene while also mitigating bias and confusion with model ensembles. Its performance surpasses the official baseline by a large margin of +20.57% Accuracy on Track 1 (SAR), and +31.86% Accuracy on Track 2 (SAR+EO), demonstrating the potential of SCP-Label as post-processing. Finally, we win the championship both on Track1 and Track2 in the CVPR 2022 Perception Beyond the Visible Spectrum (PBVS) Workshop MAVOC Challenge. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HowieChangchn/SCP-Label" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.CoCa: Contrastive Captioners are Image-Text Foundation Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01917.pdf)
>  Exploring large-scale pretrained foundation models is of significant interest in computer vision because these models can be quickly transferred to many downstream tasks. This paper presents Contrastive Captioner (CoCa), a minimalist design to pretrain an image-text encoder-decoder foundation model jointly with contrastive loss and captioning loss, thereby subsuming model capabilities from contrastive approaches like CLIP and generative methods like SimVLM. In contrast to standard encoder-decoder transformers where all decoder layers attend to encoder outputs, CoCa omits cross-attention in the first half of decoder layers to encode unimodal text representations, and cascades the remaining decoder layers which cross-attend to the image encoder for multimodal image-text representations. We apply a contrastive loss between unimodal image and text embeddings, in addition to a captioning loss on the multimodal decoder outputs which predicts text tokens autoregressively. By sharing the same computational graph, the two training objectives are computed efficiently with minimal overhead. CoCa is pretrained end-to-end and from scratch on both web-scale alt-text data and annotated images by treating all labels simply as text, seamlessly unifying natural language supervision for representation learning. Empirically, CoCa achieves state-of-the-art performance with zero-shot transfer or minimal task-specific adaptation on a broad range of downstream tasks, spanning visual recognition (ImageNet, Kinetics-400/600/700, Moments-in-Time), crossmodal retrieval (MSCOCO, Flickr30K, MSR-VTT), multimodal understanding (VQA, SNLI-VE, NLVR2), and image captioning (MSCOCO, NoCaps). Notably on ImageNet classification, CoCa obtains 86.3% zero-shot top-1 accuracy, 90.6% with a frozen encoder and learned classification head, and new state-of-the-art 91.0% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet with a finetuned encoder.      
### 31.Generalized Knowledge Distillation via Relationship Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01915.pdf)
>  The knowledge of a well-trained deep neural network (a.k.a. the "teacher") is valuable for learning similar tasks. Knowledge distillation extracts knowledge from the teacher and integrates it with the target model (a.k.a. the "student"), which expands the student's knowledge and improves its learning efficacy. Instead of enforcing the teacher to work on the same task as the student, we borrow the knowledge from a teacher trained from a general label space -- in this "Generalized Knowledge Distillation (GKD)", the classes of the teacher and the student may be the same, completely different, or partially overlapped. We claim that the comparison ability between instances acts as an essential factor threading knowledge across tasks, and propose the RElationship FacIlitated Local cLassifiEr Distillation (REFILLED) approach, which decouples the GKD flow of the embedding and the top-layer classifier. In particular, different from reconciling the instance-label confidence between models, REFILLED requires the teacher to reweight the hard tuples pushed forward by the student and then matches the similarity comparison levels between instances. An embedding-induced classifier based on the teacher model supervises the student's classification confidence and adaptively emphasizes the most related supervision from the teacher. REFILLED demonstrates strong discriminative ability when the classes of the teacher vary from the same to a fully non-overlapped set w.r.t. the student. It also achieves state-of-the-art performance on standard knowledge distillation, one-step incremental learning, and few-shot learning tasks.      
### 32.Self-Taught Metric Learning without Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01903.pdf)
>  We present a novel self-taught framework for unsupervised metric learning, which alternates between predicting class-equivalence relations between data through a moving average of an embedding model and learning the model with the predicted relations as pseudo labels. At the heart of our framework lies an algorithm that investigates contexts of data on the embedding space to predict their class-equivalence relations as pseudo labels. The algorithm enables efficient end-to-end training since it demands no off-the-shelf module for pseudo labeling. Also, the class-equivalence relations provide rich supervisory signals for learning an embedding space. On standard benchmarks for metric learning, it clearly outperforms existing unsupervised learning methods and sometimes even beats supervised learning models using the same backbone network. It is also applied to semi-supervised metric learning as a way of exploiting additional unlabeled data, and achieves the state of the art by boosting performance of supervised learning substantially.      
### 33.Pik-Fix: Restoring and Colorizing Old Photo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01902.pdf)
>  Restoring and inpainting the visual memories that are present, but often impaired, in old photos remains an intriguing but unsolved research topic. Decades-old photos often suffer from severe and commingled degradation such as cracks, defocus, and color-fading, which are difficult to treat individually and harder to repair when they interact. Deep learning presents a plausible avenue, but the lack of large-scale datasets of old photos makes addressing this restoration task very challenging. Here we present a novel reference-based end-to-end learning framework that is able to both repair and colorize old and degraded pictures. Our proposed framework consists of three modules: a restoration sub-network that conducts restoration from degradations, a similarity sub-network that performs color histogram matching and color transfer, and a colorization subnet that learns to predict the chroma elements of images that have been conditioned on chromatic reference signals. The overall system makes uses of color histogram priors from reference images, which greatly reduces the need for large-scale training data. We have also created a first-of-a-kind public dataset of real old photos that are paired with ground truth "pristine" photos that have been that have been manually restored by PhotoShop experts. We conducted extensive experiments on this dataset and synthetic datasets, and found that our method significantly outperforms previous state-of-the-art models using both qualitative comparisons and quantitative measurements.      
### 34.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation Learning for Hierarchical Infant Pose Recognition with Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01892.pdf)
>  The Alberta Infant Motor Scale (AIMS) is a well-known assessment scheme that evaluates the gross motor development of infants by recording the number of specific poses achieved. With the aid of the image-based pose recognition model, the AIMS evaluation procedure can be shortened and automated, providing early diagnosis or indicator of potential developmental disorder. Due to limited public infant-related datasets, many works use the SMIL-based method to generate synthetic infant images for training. However, this domain mismatch between real and synthetic training samples often leads to performance degradation during inference. In this paper, we present a CNN-based model which takes any infant image as input and predicts the coarse and fine-level pose labels. The model consists of an image branch and a pose branch, which respectively generates the coarse-level logits facilitated by the unsupervised domain adaptation and the 3D keypoints using the HRNet with SMPLify optimization. Then the outputs of these branches will be sent into the hierarchical pose recognition module to estimate the fine-level pose labels. We also collect and label a new AIMS dataset, which contains 750 real and 4000 synthetic infants images with AIMS pose labels. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly align the distribution of synthetic and real-world datasets, thus achieving accurate performance on fine-grained infant pose recognition.      
### 35.All You May Need for VQA are Image Captions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01883.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) has benefited from increasingly sophisticated models, but has not enjoyed the same level of engagement in terms of data creation. In this paper, we propose a method that automatically derives VQA examples at volume, by leveraging the abundance of existing image-caption annotations combined with neural models for textual question generation. We show that the resulting data is of high-quality. VQA models trained on our data improve state-of-the-art zero-shot accuracy by double digits and achieve a level of robustness that lacks in the same model trained on human-annotated VQA data.      
### 36.UCL-Dehaze: Towards Real-world Image Dehazing via Unsupervised Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01871.pdf)
>  While the wisdom of training an image dehazing model on synthetic hazy data can alleviate the difficulty of collecting real-world hazy/clean image pairs, it brings the well-known domain shift problem. From a different yet new perspective, this paper explores contrastive learning with an adversarial training effort to leverage unpaired real-world hazy and clean images, thus bridging the gap between synthetic and real-world haze is avoided. We propose an effective unsupervised contrastive learning paradigm for image dehazing, dubbed UCL-Dehaze. Unpaired real-world clean and hazy images are easily captured, and will serve as the important positive and negative samples respectively when training our UCL-Dehaze network. To train the network more effectively, we formulate a new self-contrastive perceptual loss function, which encourages the restored images to approach the positive samples and keep away from the negative samples in the embedding space. Besides the overall network architecture of UCL-Dehaze, adversarial training is utilized to align the distributions between the positive samples and the dehazed images. Compared with recent image dehazing works, UCL-Dehaze does not require paired data during training and utilizes unpaired positive/negative data to better enhance the dehazing performance. We conduct comprehensive experiments to evaluate our UCL-Dehaze and demonstrate its superiority over the state-of-the-arts, even only 1,800 unpaired real-world images are used to train our network. Source code has been available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yz-wang/UCL-Dehaze" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.FedMix: Mixed Supervised Federated Learning for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01840.pdf)
>  The purpose of federated learning is to enable multiple clients to jointly train a machine learning model without sharing data. However, the existing methods for training an image segmentation model have been based on an unrealistic assumption that the training set for each local client is annotated in a similar fashion and thus follows the same image supervision level. To relax this assumption, in this work, we propose a label-agnostic unified federated learning framework, named FedMix, for medical image segmentation based on mixed image labels. In FedMix, each client updates the federated model by integrating and effectively making use of all available labeled data ranging from strong pixel-level labels, weak bounding box labels, to weakest image-level class labels. Based on these local models, we further propose an adaptive weight assignment procedure across local clients, where each client learns an aggregation weight during the global model update. Compared to the existing methods, FedMix not only breaks through the constraint of a single level of image supervision, but also can dynamically adjust the aggregation weight of each local client, achieving rich yet discriminative feature representations. To evaluate its effectiveness, experiments have been carried out on two challenging medical image segmentation tasks, i.e., breast tumor segmentation and skin lesion segmentation. The results validate that our proposed FedMix outperforms the state-of-the-art method by a large margin.      
### 38.Diverse Image Captioning with Grounded Style  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01813.pdf)
>  Stylized image captioning as presented in prior work aims to generate captions that reflect characteristics beyond a factual description of the scene composition, such as sentiments. Such prior work relies on given sentiment identifiers, which are used to express a certain global style in the caption, e.g. positive or negative, however without taking into account the stylistic content of the visual scene. To address this shortcoming, we first analyze the limitations of current stylized captioning datasets and propose COCO attribute-based augmentations to obtain varied stylized captions from COCO annotations. Furthermore, we encode the stylized information in the latent space of a Variational Autoencoder; specifically, we leverage extracted image attributes to explicitly structure its sequential latent space according to different localized style characteristics. Our experiments on the Senticap and COCO datasets show the ability of our approach to generate accurate captions with diversity in styles that are grounded in the image.      
### 39.Assessing Dataset Bias in Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01811.pdf)
>  A biased dataset is a dataset that generally has attributes with an uneven class distribution. These biases have the tendency to propagate to the models that train on them, often leading to a poor performance in the minority class. In this project, we will explore the extent to which various data augmentation methods alleviate intrinsic biases within the dataset. We will apply several augmentation techniques on a sample of the UTKFace dataset, such as undersampling, geometric transformations, variational autoencoders (VAEs), and generative adversarial networks (GANs). We then trained a classifier for each of the augmented datasets and evaluated their performance on the native test set and on external facial recognition datasets. We have also compared their performance to the state-of-the-art attribute classifier trained on the FairFace dataset. Through experimentation, we were able to find that training the model on StarGAN-generated images led to the best overall performance. We also found that training on geometrically transformed images lead to a similar performance with a much quicker training time. Additionally, the best performing models also exhibit a uniform performance across the classes within each attribute. This signifies that the model was also able to mitigate the biases present in the baseline model that was trained on the original training set. Finally, we were able to show that our model has a better overall performance and consistency on age and ethnicity classification on multiple datasets when compared with the FairFace model. Our final model has an accuracy on the UTKFace test set of 91.75%, 91.30%, and 87.20% for the gender, age, and ethnicity attribute respectively, with a standard deviation of less than 0.1 between the accuracies of the classes of each attribute.      
### 40.Splicing Detection and Localization In Satellite Imagery Using Conditional GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01805.pdf)
>  The widespread availability of image editing tools and improvements in image processing techniques allow image manipulation to be very easy. Oftentimes, easy-to-use yet sophisticated image manipulation tools yields distortions/changes imperceptible to the human observer. Distribution of forged images can have drastic ramifications, especially when coupled with the speed and vastness of the Internet. Therefore, verifying image integrity poses an immense and important challenge to the digital forensic community. Satellite images specifically can be modified in a number of ways, including the insertion of objects to hide existing scenes and structures. In this paper, we describe the use of a Conditional Generative Adversarial Network (cGAN) to identify the presence of such spliced forgeries within satellite images. Additionally, we identify their locations and shapes. Trained on pristine and falsified images, our method achieves high success on these detection and localization objectives.      
### 41.A Pre-study on Data Processing Pipelines for Roadside Object Detection Systems Towards Safer Road Infrastructure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01783.pdf)
>  Single-vehicle accidents are the most common type of fatal accidents in Sweden, where a car drives off the road and runs into hazardous roadside objects. Proper installation and maintenance of protective objects, such as crash cushions and guard rails, may reduce the chance and severity of such accidents. Moreover, efficient detection and management of hazardous roadside objects also plays an important role in improving road safety. To better understand the state-of-the-art and system requirements, in this pre-study, we investigate the feasibility, implementation, limitations and scaling up of data processing pipelines for roadside object detection. In particular, we divide our investigation into three parts: the target of interest, the sensors of choice and the algorithm design. The data sources we consider in this study cover two common setups: 1) road surveying fleet - annual scans conducted by Trafikverket, the Swedish Transport Administration, and 2) consumer vehicle - data collected using a research vehicle from the laboratory of Resource for vehicle research at Chalmers (REVERE). The goal of this report is to investigate how to implement a scalable roadside object detection system towards safe road infrastructure and Sweden's Vision Zero.      
### 42.Learning Multi-dimensional Edge Feature-based AU Relation Graph for Facial Action Unit Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01782.pdf)
>  The activations of Facial Action Units (AUs) mutually influence one another. While the relationship between a pair of AUs can be complex and unique, existing approaches fail to specifically and explicitly represent such cues for each pair of AUs in each facial display. This paper proposes an AU relationship modelling approach that deep learns a unique graph to explicitly describe the relationship between each pair of AUs of the target facial display. Our approach first encodes each AU's activation status and its association with other AUs into a node feature. Then, it learns a pair of multi-dimensional edge features to describe multiple task-specific relationship cues between each pair of AUs. During both node and edge feature learning, our approach also considers the influence of the unique facial display on AUs' relationship by taking the full face representation as an input. Experimental results on BP4D and DISFA datasets show that both node and edge feature learning modules provide large performance improvements for CNN and transformer-based backbones, with our best systems achieving the state-of-the-art AU recognition results. Our approach not only has a strong capability in modelling relationship cues for AU recognition but also can be easily incorporated into various backbones. Our PyTorch code is made available.      
### 43.Os Dados dos Brasileiros sob Risco na Era da Intelig챗ncia Artificial?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01772.pdf)
>  Advances in image processing and analysis as well as machine learning techniques have contributed to the use of biometric recognition systems in daily people tasks. These tasks range from simple access to mobile devices to tagging friends in photos shared on social networks and complex financial operations on self-service devices for banking transactions. In China, the use of these systems goes beyond personal use becoming a country's government policy with the objective of monitoring the behavior of its population. On July 05th 2021, the Brazilian government announced acquisition of a biometric recognition system to be used nationwide. In the opposite direction to China, Europe and some American cities have already started the discussion about the legality of using biometric systems in public places, even banning this practice in their territory. In order to open a deeper discussion about the risks and legality of using these systems, this work exposes the vulnerabilities of biometric recognition systems, focusing its efforts on the face modality. Furthermore, it shows how it is possible to fool a biometric system through a well-known presentation attack approach in the literature called morphing. Finally, a list of ten concerns was created to start the discussion about the security of citizen data and data privacy law in the Age of Artificial Intelligence (AI).      
### 44.Comparison of CoModGANs, LaMa and GLIDE for Art Inpainting- Completing M.C Escher's Print Gallery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01741.pdf)
>  Digital art restoration has benefited from inpainting models to correct the degradation or missing sections of a painting. This work compares three current state-of-the art models for inpainting of large missing regions. We provide qualitative and quantitative comparison of the performance by CoModGANs, LaMa and GLIDE in inpainting of blurry and missing sections of images. We use Escher's incomplete painting Print Gallery as our test study since it presents several of the challenges commonly present in restorative inpainting.      
### 45.Application of belief functions to medical image segmentation: A review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01733.pdf)
>  Belief function theory, a formal framework for uncertainty analysis and multiple evidence fusion, has made significant contributions in the medical domain, especially since the development of deep learning. Medical image segmentation with belief function theory has shown significant benefits in clinical diagnosis and medical image research. In this paper, we provide a review of medical image segmentation methods using belief function theory. We classify the methods according to the fusion step and explain how information with uncertainty or imprecision is modeled and fused with belief function theory. In addition, we discuss the challenges and limitations of present belief function-based medical image segmentation and propose orientations for future research. Future research could investigate both belief function theory and deep learning to achieve more promising and reliable segmentation results.      
### 46.License Plate Privacy in Collaborative Visual Analysis of Traffic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01724.pdf)
>  Traffic scene analysis is important for emerging technologies such as smart traffic management and autonomous vehicles. However, such analysis also poses potential privacy threats. For example, a system that can recognize license plates may construct patterns of behavior of the corresponding vehicles' owners and use that for various illegal purposes. In this paper we present a system that enables traffic scene analysis while at the same time preserving license plate privacy. The system is based on a multi-task model whose latent space is selectively compressed depending on the amount of information the specific features carry about analysis tasks and private information. Effectiveness of the proposed method is illustrated by experiments on the Cityscapes dataset, for which we also provide license plate annotations.      
### 47.In Defense of Image Pre-Training for Spatiotemporal Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01721.pdf)
>  Image pre-training, the current de-facto paradigm for a wide range of visual tasks, is generally less favored in the field of video recognition. By contrast, a common strategy is to directly train with spatiotemporal convolutional neural networks (CNNs) from scratch. Nonetheless, interestingly, by taking a closer look at these from-scratch learned CNNs, we note there exist certain 3D kernels that exhibit much stronger appearance modeling ability than others, arguably suggesting appearance information is already well disentangled in learning. Inspired by this observation, we hypothesize that the key to effectively leveraging image pre-training lies in the decomposition of learning spatial and temporal features, and revisiting image pre-training as the appearance prior to initializing 3D kernels. In addition, we propose Spatial-Temporal Separable (STS) convolution, which explicitly splits the feature channels into spatial and temporal groups, to further enable a more thorough decomposition of spatiotemporal features for fine-tuning 3D CNNs. Our experiments show that simply replacing 3D convolution with STS notably improves a wide range of 3D CNNs without increasing parameters and computation on both Kinetics-400 and Something-Something V2. Moreover, this new training pipeline consistently achieves better results on video recognition with significant speedup. For instance, we achieve +0.6% top-1 of Slowfast on Kinetics-400 over the strong 256-epoch 128-GPU baseline while fine-tuning for only 50 epochs with 4 GPUs. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UCSC-VLAA/Image-Pretraining-for-Video" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Object Class Aware Video Anomaly Detection through Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01706.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised video anomaly detection (VAD) methods formulate the task of anomaly detection as detection of deviations from the learned normal patterns. Previous works in the field (reconstruction or prediction-based methods) suffer from two drawbacks: 1) They focus on low-level features, and they (especially holistic approaches) do not effectively consider the object classes. 2) Object-centric approaches neglect some of the context information (such as location). To tackle these challenges, this paper proposes a novel two-stream object-aware VAD method that learns the normal appearance and motion patterns through image translation tasks. The appearance branch translates the input image to the target semantic segmentation map produced by Mask-RCNN, and the motion branch associates each frame with its expected optical flow magnitude. Any deviation from the expected appearance or motion in the inference stage shows the degree of potential abnormality. We evaluated our proposed method on the ShanghaiTech, UCSD-Ped1, and UCSD-Ped2 datasets and the results show competitive performance compared with state-of-the-art works. Most importantly, the results show that, as significant improvements to previous methods, detections by our method are completely explainable and anomalies are localized accurately in the frames.      
### 49.End2End Multi-View Feature Matching using Differentiable Pose Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01694.pdf)
>  Learning-based approaches have become indispensable for camera pose estimation. However, feature detection, description, matching, and pose optimization are often approached in an isolated fashion. In particular, erroneous feature matches have severe impact on subsequent camera pose estimation and often require additional measures such as outlier rejection. Our method tackles this challenge by addressing feature matching and pose optimization jointly: first, we integrate information from multiple views into the matching by spanning a graph attention network across multiple frames to predict their matches all at once. Second, the resulting matches along with their predicted confidences are used for robust pose optimization with a differentiable Gauss-Newton solver. End-to-end training combined with multi-view feature matching boosts the pose estimation metrics compared to SuperGlue by 8.9% on ScanNet and 10.7% on MegaDepth on average. Our approach improves both pose estimation and matching accuracy over state-of-the-art matching networks. Training feature matching across multiple views with gradients from pose optimization naturally learns to disregard outliers, thereby rendering additional outlier handling unnecessary, which is highly desirable for pose estimation systems.      
### 50.Smart City Intersections: Intelligence Nodes for Future Metropolises  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01686.pdf)
>  Traffic intersections are the most suitable locations for the deployment of computing, communications, and intelligence services for smart cities of the future. The abundance of data to be collected and processed, in combination with privacy and security concerns, motivates the use of the edge-computing paradigm which aligns well with physical intersections in metropolises. This paper focuses on high-bandwidth, low-latency applications, and in that context it describes: (i) system design considerations for smart city intersection intelligence nodes; (ii) key technological components including sensors, networking, edge computing, low latency design, and AI-based intelligence; and (iii) applications such as privacy preservation, cloud-connected vehicles, a real-time "radar-screen", traffic management, and monitoring of pedestrian behavior during pandemics. The results of the experimental studies performed on the COSMOS testbed located in New York City are illustrated. Future challenges in designing human-centered smart city intersections are summarized.      
### 51.The scope for AI-augmented interpretation of building blueprints in commercial and industrial property insurance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01671.pdf)
>  This report, commissioned by the WTW research network, investigates the use of AI in property risk assessment. It (i) reviews existing work on risk assessment in commercial and industrial properties and automated information extraction from building blueprints; and (ii) presents an exploratory 'proof-of concept-solution' exploring the feasibility of using machine learning for the automated extraction of information from building blueprints to support insurance risk assessment.      
### 52.Compound virtual screening by learning-to-rank with gradient boosting decision tree and enrichment-based cumulative gain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02169.pdf)
>  Learning-to-rank, a machine learning technique widely used in information retrieval, has recently been applied to the problem of ligand-based virtual screening, to accelerate the early stages of new drug development. Ranking prediction models learn based on ordinal relationships, making them suitable for integrating assay data from various environments. Existing studies of rank prediction in compound screening have generally used a learning-to-rank method called RankSVM. However, they have not been compared with or validated against the gradient boosting decision tree (GBDT)-based learning-to-rank methods that have gained popularity recently. Furthermore, although the ranking metric called Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain (NDCG) is widely used in information retrieval, it only determines whether the predictions are better than those of other models. In other words, NDCG is incapable of recognizing when a prediction model produces worse than random results. Nevertheless, NDCG is still used in the performance evaluation of compound screening using learning-to-rank. This study used the GBDT model with ranking loss functions, called lambdarank and lambdaloss, for ligand-based virtual screening; results were compared with existing RankSVM methods and GBDT models using regression. We also proposed a new ranking metric, Normalized Enrichment Discounted Cumulative Gain (NEDCG), which aims to properly evaluate the goodness of ranking predictions. Results showed that the GBDT model with learning-to-rank outperformed existing regression methods using GBDT and RankSVM on diverse datasets. Moreover, NEDCG showed that predictions by regression were comparable to random predictions in multi-assay, multi-family datasets, demonstrating its usefulness for a more direct assessment of compound screening performance.      
### 53.Evaluating Transferability for Covid 3D Localization Using CT SARS-CoV-2 segmentation models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02152.pdf)
>  Recent studies indicate that detecting radiographic patterns on CT scans can yield high sensitivity and specificity for COVID-19 localization. In this paper, we investigate the appropriateness of deep learning models transferability, for semantic segmentation of pneumonia-infected areas in CT images. Transfer learning allows for the fast initialization/ reutilization of detection models, given that large volumes of training are not available. Our work explores the efficacy of using pre-trained U-Net architectures, on a specific CT data set, for identifying Covid-19 side-effects over images from different datasets. Experimental results indicate improvement in the segmentation accuracy of identifying COVID-19 infected regions.      
### 54.Neuroevolutionary Multi-objective approaches to Trajectory Prediction in Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02105.pdf)
>  The incentive for using Evolutionary Algorithms (EAs) for the automated optimization and training of deep neural networks (DNNs), a process referred to as neuroevolution, has gained momentum in recent years. The configuration and training of these networks can be posed as optimization problems. Indeed, most of the recent works on neuroevolution have focused their attention on single-objective optimization. Moreover, from the little research that has been done at the intersection of neuroevolution and evolutionary multi-objective optimization (EMO), all the research that has been carried out has focused predominantly on the use of one type of DNN: convolutional neural networks (CNNs), using well-established standard benchmark problems such as MNIST. In this work, we make a leap in the understanding of these two areas (neuroevolution and EMO), regarded in this work as neuroevolutionary multi-objective, by using and studying a rich DNN composed of a CNN and Long-short Term Memory network. Moreover, we use a robust and challenging vehicle trajectory prediction problem. By using the well-known Non-dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm-II, we study the effects of five different objectives, tested in categories of three, allowing us to show how these objectives have either a positive or detrimental effect in neuroevolution for trajectory prediction in autonomous vehicles.      
### 55.SVTS: Scalable Video-to-Speech Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02058.pdf)
>  Video-to-speech synthesis (also known as lip-to-speech) refers to the translation of silent lip movements into the corresponding audio. This task has received an increasing amount of attention due to its self-supervised nature (i.e., can be trained without manual labelling) combined with the ever-growing collection of audio-visual data available online. Despite these strong motivations, contemporary video-to-speech works focus mainly on small- to medium-sized corpora with substantial constraints in both vocabulary and setting. In this work, we introduce a scalable video-to-speech framework consisting of two components: a video-to-spectrogram predictor and a pre-trained neural vocoder, which converts the mel-frequency spectrograms into waveform audio. We achieve state-of-the art results for GRID and considerably outperform previous approaches on LRW. More importantly, by focusing on spectrogram prediction using a simple feedforward model, we can efficiently and effectively scale our method to very large and unconstrained datasets: To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to show intelligible results on the challenging LRS3 dataset.      
### 56.MM-Claims: A Dataset for Multimodal Claim Detection in Social Media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01989.pdf)
>  In recent years, the problem of misinformation on the web has become widespread across languages, countries, and various social media platforms. Although there has been much work on automated fake news detection, the role of images and their variety are not well explored. In this paper, we investigate the roles of image and text at an earlier stage of the fake news detection pipeline, called claim detection. For this purpose, we introduce a novel dataset, MM-Claims, which consists of tweets and corresponding images over three topics: COVID-19, Climate Change and broadly Technology. The dataset contains roughly 86000 tweets, out of which 3400 are labeled manually by multiple annotators for the training and evaluation of multimodal models. We describe the dataset in detail, evaluate strong unimodal and multimodal baselines, and analyze the potential and drawbacks of current models.      
### 57.Joint Image Compression and Denoising via Latent-Space Scalability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01874.pdf)
>  When it comes to image compression in digital cameras, denoising is traditionally performed prior to compression. However, there are applications where image noise may be necessary to demonstrate the trustworthiness of the image, such as court evidence and image forensics. This means that noise itself needs to be coded, in addition to the clean image itself. In this paper, we present a learnt image compression framework where image denoising and compression are performed jointly. The latent space of the image codec is organized in a scalable manner such that the clean image can be decoded from a subset of the latent space at a lower rate, while the noisy image is decoded from the full latent space at a higher rate. The proposed codec is compared against established compression and denoising benchmarks, and the experiments reveal considerable bitrate savings of up to 80% compared to cascade compression and denoising.      
### 58.Visual Commonsense in Pretrained Unimodal and Multimodal Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01850.pdf)
>  Our commonsense knowledge about objects includes their typical visual attributes; we know that bananas are typically yellow or green, and not purple. Text and image corpora, being subject to reporting bias, represent this world-knowledge to varying degrees of faithfulness. In this paper, we investigate to what degree unimodal (language-only) and multimodal (image and language) models capture a broad range of visually salient attributes. To that end, we create the Visual Commonsense Tests (ViComTe) dataset covering 5 property types (color, shape, material, size, and visual co-occurrence) for over 5000 subjects. We validate this dataset by showing that our grounded color data correlates much better than ungrounded text-only data with crowdsourced color judgments provided by Paik et al. (2021). We then use our dataset to evaluate pretrained unimodal models and multimodal models. Our results indicate that multimodal models better reconstruct attribute distributions, but are still subject to reporting bias. Moreover, increasing model size does not enhance performance, suggesting that the key to visual commonsense lies in the data.      
### 59.i-Code: An Integrative and Composable Multimodal Learning Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01818.pdf)
>  Human intelligence is multimodal; we integrate visual, linguistic, and acoustic signals to maintain a holistic worldview. Most current pretraining methods, however, are limited to one or two modalities. We present i-Code, a self-supervised pretraining framework where users may flexibly combine the modalities of vision, speech, and language into unified and general-purpose vector representations. In this framework, data from each modality are first given to pretrained single-modality encoders. The encoder outputs are then integrated with a multimodal fusion network, which uses novel attention mechanisms and other architectural innovations to effectively combine information from the different modalities. The entire system is pretrained end-to-end with new objectives including masked modality unit modeling and cross-modality contrastive learning. Unlike previous research using only video for pretraining, the i-Code framework can dynamically process single, dual, and triple-modality data during training and inference, flexibly projecting different combinations of modalities into a single representation space. Experimental results demonstrate how i-Code can outperform state-of-the-art techniques on five video understanding tasks and the GLUE NLP benchmark, improving by as much as 11% and demonstrating the power of integrative multimodal pretraining.      
### 60.Frequency Domain-Based Detection of Generated Audio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01806.pdf)
>  Attackers may manipulate audio with the intent of presenting falsified reports, changing an opinion of a public figure, and winning influence and power. The prevalence of inauthentic multimedia continues to rise, so it is imperative to develop a set of tools that determines the legitimacy of media. We present a method that analyzes audio signals to determine whether they contain real human voices or fake human voices (i.e., voices generated by neural acoustic and waveform models). Instead of analyzing the audio signals directly, the proposed approach converts the audio signals into spectrogram images displaying frequency, intensity, and temporal content and evaluates them with a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Trained on both genuine human voice signals and synthesized voice signals, we show our approach achieves high accuracy on this classification task.      
### 61.Synthesized Speech Detection Using Convolutional Transformer-Based Spectrogram Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01800.pdf)
>  Synthesized speech is common today due to the prevalence of virtual assistants, easy-to-use tools for generating and modifying speech signals, and remote work practices. Synthesized speech can also be used for nefarious purposes, including creating a purported speech signal and attributing it to someone who did not speak the content of the signal. We need methods to detect if a speech signal is synthesized. In this paper, we analyze speech signals in the form of spectrograms with a Compact Convolutional Transformer (CCT) for synthesized speech detection. A CCT utilizes a convolutional layer that introduces inductive biases and shared weights into a network, allowing a transformer architecture to perform well with fewer data samples used for training. The CCT uses an attention mechanism to incorporate information from all parts of a signal under analysis. Trained on both genuine human voice signals and synthesized human voice signals, we demonstrate that our CCT approach successfully differentiates between genuine and synthesized speech signals.      
### 62.Deep Multi-Scale U-Net Architecture and Noise-Robust Training Strategies for Histopathological Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01777.pdf)
>  Although the U-Net architecture has been extensively used for segmentation of medical images, we address two of its shortcomings in this work. Firstly, the accuracy of vanilla U-Net degrades when the target regions for segmentation exhibit significant variations in shape and size. Even though the U-Net already possesses some capability to analyze features at various scales, we propose to explicitly add multi-scale feature maps in each convolutional module of the U-Net encoder to improve segmentation of histology images. Secondly, the accuracy of a U-Net model also suffers when the annotations for supervised learning are noisy or incomplete. This can happen due to the inherent difficulty for a human expert to identify and delineate all instances of specific pathology very precisely and accurately. We address this challenge by introducing auxiliary confidence maps that emphasize less on the boundaries of the given target regions. Further, we utilize the bootstrapping properties of the deep network to address the missing annotation problem intelligently. In our experiments on a private dataset of breast cancer lymph nodes, where the primary task was to segment germinal centres and sinus histiocytosis, we observed substantial improvement over a U-Net baseline based on the two proposed augmentations.      
### 63.Data-Consistent Non-Cartesian Deep Subspace Learning for Efficient Dynamic MR Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01770.pdf)
>  Non-Cartesian sampling with subspace-constrained image reconstruction is a popular approach to dynamic MRI, but slow iterative reconstruction limits its clinical application. Data-consistent (DC) deep learning can accelerate reconstruction with good image quality, but has not been formulated for non-Cartesian subspace imaging. In this study, we propose a DC non-Cartesian deep subspace learning framework for fast, accurate dynamic MR image reconstruction. Four novel DC formulations are developed and evaluated: two gradient decent approaches, a directly solved approach, and a conjugate gradient approach. We applied a U-Net model with and without DC layers to reconstruct T1-weighted images for cardiac MR Multitasking (an advanced multidimensional imaging method), comparing our results to the iteratively reconstructed reference. Experimental results show that the proposed framework significantly improves reconstruction accuracy over the U-Net model without DC, while significantly accelerating the reconstruction over conventional iterative reconstruction.      
### 64.Effect of Random Histogram Equalization on Breast Calcification Analysis Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01684.pdf)
>  Early detection and analysis of calcifications in mammogram images is crucial in a breast cancer diagnosis workflow. Management of calcifications that require immediate follow-up and further analyzing its benignancy or malignancy can result in a better prognosis. Recent studies have shown that deep learning-based algorithms can learn robust representations to analyze suspicious calcifications in mammography. In this work, we demonstrate that randomly equalizing the histograms of calcification patches as a data augmentation technique can significantly improve the classification performance for analyzing suspicious calcifications. We validate our approach by using the CBIS-DDSM dataset for two classification tasks. The results on both the tasks show that the proposed methodology gains more than 1% mean accuracy and F1-score when equalizing the data with a probability of 0.4 when compared to not using histogram equalization. This is further supported by the t-tests, where we obtain a p-value of p&lt;0.0001, thus showing the statistical significance of our approach.      
### 65.SpineNetV2: Automated Detection, Labelling and Radiological Grading Of Clinical MR Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01683.pdf)
>  This technical report presents SpineNetV2, an automated tool which: (i) detects and labels vertebral bodies in clinical spinal magnetic resonance (MR) scans across a range of commonly used sequences; and (ii) performs radiological grading of lumbar intervertebral discs in T2-weighted scans for a range of common degenerative changes. SpineNetV2 improves over the original SpineNet software in two ways: (1) The vertebral body detection stage is significantly faster, more accurate and works across a range of fields-of-view (as opposed to just lumbar scans). (2) Radiological grading adopts a more powerful architecture, adding several new grading schemes without loss in performance. A demo of the software is available at the project website: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://zeus.robots.ox.ac.uk/spinenet2/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 66.Physics to the Rescue: Deep Non-line-of-sight Reconstruction for High-speed Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01679.pdf)
>  Computational approach to imaging around the corner, or non-line-of-sight (NLOS) imaging, is becoming a reality thanks to major advances in imaging hardware and reconstruction algorithms. A recent development towards practical NLOS imaging, Nam et al. demonstrated a high-speed non-confocal imaging system that operates at 5Hz, 100x faster than the prior art. This enormous gain in acquisition rate, however, necessitates numerous approximations in light transport, breaking many existing NLOS reconstruction methods that assume an idealized image formation model. To bridge the gap, we present a novel deep model that incorporates the complementary physics priors of wave propagation and volume rendering into a neural network for high-quality and robust NLOS reconstruction. This orchestrated design regularizes the solution space by relaxing the image formation model, resulting in a deep model that generalizes well on real captures despite being exclusively trained on synthetic data. Further, we devise a unified learning framework that enables our model to be flexibly trained using diverse supervision signals, including target intensity images or even raw NLOS transient measurements. Once trained, our model renders both intensity and depth images at inference time in a single forward pass, capable of processing more than 5 captures per second on a high-end GPU. Through extensive qualitative and quantitative experiments, we show that our method outperforms prior physics and learning based approaches on both synthetic and real measurements. We anticipate that our method along with the fast capturing system will accelerate future development of NLOS imaging for real world applications that require high-speed imaging.      
### 67.FundusQ-Net: a Regression Quality Assessment Deep Learning Algorithm for Fundus Images Quality Grading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01676.pdf)
>  Objective: Ophthalmological pathologies such as glaucoma, diabetic retinopathy and age-related macular degeneration are major causes of blindness and vision impairment. There is a need for novel decision support tools that can simplify and speed up the diagnosis of these pathologies. A key step in this process is to automatically estimate the quality of the fundus images to make sure these are interpretable by a human operator or a machine learning model. We present a novel fundus image quality scale and deep learning (DL) model that can estimate fundus image quality relative to this new scale. <br>Methods: A total of 1,245 images were graded for quality by two ophthalmologists within the range 1-10, with a resolution of 0.5. A DL regression model was trained for fundus image quality assessment. The architecture used was Inception-V3. The model was developed using a total of 89,947 images from 6 databases, of which 1,245 were labeled by the specialists and the remaining 88,702 images were used for pre-training and semi-supervised learning. The final DL model was evaluated on an internal test set (n=209) as well as an external test set (n=194). <br>Results: The final DL model, denoted FundusQ-Net, achieved a mean absolute error of 0.61 (0.54-0.68) on the internal test set. When evaluated as a binary classification model on the public DRIMDB database as an external test set the model obtained an accuracy of 99%. <br>Significance: the proposed algorithm provides a new robust tool for automated quality grading of fundus images.      
### 68.Deep Learning Framework for Real-time Fetal Brain Segmentation in MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01675.pdf)
>  Fetal brain segmentation is an important first step for slice-level motion correction and slice-to-volume reconstruction in fetal MRI. Fast and accurate segmentation of the fetal brain on fetal MRI is required to achieve real-time fetal head pose estimation and motion tracking for slice re-acquisition and steering. To address this critical unmet need, in this work we analyzed the speed-accuracy performance of a variety of deep neural network models, and devised a symbolically small convolutional neural network that combines spatial details at high resolution with context features extracted at lower resolutions. We used multiple branches with skip connections to maintain high accuracy while devising a parallel combination of convolution and pooling operations as an input downsampling module to further reduce inference time. We trained our model as well as eight alternative, state-of-the-art networks with manually-labeled fetal brain MRI slices and tested on two sets of normal and challenging test cases. Experimental results show that our network achieved the highest accuracy and lowest inference time among all of the compared state-of-the-art real-time segmentation methods. We achieved average Dice scores of 97.99\% and 84.04\% on the normal and challenging test sets, respectively, with an inference time of 3.36 milliseconds per image on an NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti. Code, data, and the trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bchimagine/real_time_fetal_brain_segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 69.MIRST-DM: Multi-Instance RST with Drop-Max Layer for Robust Classification of Breast Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01674.pdf)
>  Robust self-training (RST) can augment the adversarial robustness of image classification models without significantly sacrificing models' generalizability. However, RST and other state-of-the-art defense approaches failed to preserve the generalizability and reproduce their good adversarial robustness on small medical image sets. In this work, we propose the Multi-instance RST with a drop-max layer, namely MIRST-DM, which involves a sequence of iteratively generated adversarial instances during training to learn smoother decision boundaries on small datasets. The proposed drop-max layer eliminates unstable features and helps learn representations that are robust to image perturbations. The proposed approach was validated using a small breast ultrasound dataset with 1,190 images. The results demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art adversarial robustness against three prevalent attacks.      
### 70.A Deep Learning-based Integrated Framework for Quality-aware Undersampled Cine Cardiac MRI Reconstruction and Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01673.pdf)
>  Cine cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) imaging is considered the gold standard for cardiac function evaluation. However, cine CMR acquisition is inherently slow and in recent decades considerable effort has been put into accelerating scan times without compromising image quality or the accuracy of derived results. In this paper, we present a fully-automated, quality-controlled integrated framework for reconstruction, segmentation and downstream analysis of undersampled cine CMR data. The framework enables active acquisition of radial k-space data, in which acquisition can be stopped as soon as acquired data are sufficient to produce high quality reconstructions and segmentations. This results in reduced scan times and automated analysis, enabling robust and accurate estimation of functional biomarkers. To demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed approach, we perform realistic simulations of radial k-space acquisitions on a dataset of subjects from the UK Biobank and present results on in-vivo cine CMR k-space data collected from healthy subjects. The results demonstrate that our method can produce quality-controlled images in a mean scan time reduced from 12 to 4 seconds per slice, and that image quality is sufficient to allow clinically relevant parameters to be automatically estimated to within 5% mean absolute difference.      
