# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 9 May 2022
### 1.MINI: Mining Implicit Novel Instances for Few-Shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03381.pdf)
>  Learning from a few training samples is a desirable ability of an object detector, inspiring the explorations of Few-Shot Object Detection (FSOD). Most existing approaches employ a pretrain-transfer paradigm. The model is first pre-trained on base classes with abundant data and then transferred to novel classes with a few annotated samples. Despite the substantial progress, the FSOD performance is still far behind satisfactory. During pre-training, due to the co-occurrence between base and novel classes, the model is learned to treat the co-occurred novel classes as backgrounds. During transferring, given scarce samples of novel classes, the model suffers from learning discriminative features to distinguish novel instances from backgrounds and base classes. To overcome the obstacles, we propose a novel framework, Mining Implicit Novel Instances (MINI), to mine the implicit novel instances as auxiliary training samples, which widely exist in abundant base data but are not annotated. MINI comprises an offline mining mechanism and an online mining mechanism. The offline mining mechanism leverages a self-supervised discriminative model to collaboratively mine implicit novel instances with a trained FSOD network. Taking the mined novel instances as auxiliary training samples, the online mining mechanism takes a teacher-student framework to simultaneously update the FSOD network and the mined implicit novel instances on the fly. Extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC and MS-COCO datasets show MINI achieves new state-of-the-art performance on any shot and split. The significant performance improvements demonstrate the superiority of our method.      
### 2.All Grains, One Scheme (AGOS): Learning Multi-grain Instance Representation for Aerial Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03371.pdf)
>  Aerial scene classification remains challenging as: 1) the size of key objects in determining the scene scheme varies greatly; 2) many objects irrelevant to the scene scheme are often flooded in the image. Hence, how to effectively perceive the region of interests (RoIs) from a variety of sizes and build more discriminative representation from such complicated object distribution is vital to understand an aerial scene. In this paper, we propose a novel all grains, one scheme (AGOS) framework to tackle these challenges. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first work to extend the classic multiple instance learning into multi-grain formulation. Specially, it consists of a multi-grain perception module (MGP), a multi-branch multi-instance representation module (MBMIR) and a self-aligned semantic fusion (SSF) module. Firstly, our MGP preserves the differential dilated convolutional features from the backbone, which magnifies the discriminative information from multi-grains. Then, our MBMIR highlights the key instances in the multi-grain representation under the MIL formulation. Finally, our SSF allows our framework to learn the same scene scheme from multi-grain instance representations and fuses them, so that the entire framework is optimized as a whole. Notably, our AGOS is flexible and can be easily adapted to existing CNNs in a plug-and-play manner. Extensive experiments on UCM, AID and NWPU benchmarks demonstrate that our AGOS achieves a comparable performance against the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 3.Multitask AET with Orthogonal Tangent Regularity for Dark Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03346.pdf)
>  Dark environment becomes a challenge for computer vision algorithms owing to insufficient photons and undesirable noise. To enhance object detection in a dark environment, we propose a novel multitask auto encoding transformation (MAET) model which is able to explore the intrinsic pattern behind illumination translation. In a self-supervision manner, the MAET learns the intrinsic visual structure by encoding and decoding the realistic illumination-degrading transformation considering the physical noise model and image signal processing (ISP). <br>Based on this representation, we achieve the object detection task by decoding the bounding box coordinates and classes. To avoid the over-entanglement of two tasks, our MAET disentangles the object and degrading features by imposing an orthogonal tangent regularity. This forms a parametric manifold along which multitask predictions can be geometrically formulated by maximizing the orthogonality between the tangents along the outputs of respective tasks. Our framework can be implemented based on the mainstream object detection architecture and directly trained end-to-end using normal target detection datasets, such as VOC and COCO. We have achieved the state-of-the-art performance using synthetic and real-world datasets. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cuiziteng/MAET" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Prompt Distribution Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03340.pdf)
>  We present prompt distribution learning for effectively adapting a pre-trained vision-language model to address downstream recognition tasks. Our method not only learns low-bias prompts from a few samples but also captures the distribution of diverse prompts to handle the varying visual representations. In this way, we provide high-quality task-related content for facilitating recognition. This prompt distribution learning is realized by an efficient approach that learns the output embeddings of prompts instead of the input embeddings. Thus, we can employ a Gaussian distribution to model them effectively and derive a surrogate loss for efficient training. Extensive experiments on 12 datasets demonstrate that our method consistently and significantly outperforms existing methods. For example, with 1 sample per category, it relatively improves the average result by 9.1% compared to human-crafted prompts.      
### 5.Forget Less, Count Better: A Domain-Incremental Self-Distillation Learning Benchmark for Lifelong Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03307.pdf)
>  Crowd Counting has important applications in public safety and pandemic control. A robust and practical crowd counting system has to be capable of continuously learning with the new-coming domain data in real-world scenarios instead of fitting one domain only. Off-the-shelf methods have some drawbacks to handle multiple domains. 1) The models will achieve limited performance (even drop dramatically) among old domains after training images from new domains due to the discrepancies of intrinsic data distributions from various domains, which is called catastrophic forgetting. 2) The well-trained model in a specific domain achieves imperfect performance among other unseen domains because of the domain shift. 3) It leads to linearly-increased storage overhead either mixing all the data for training or simply training dozens of separate models for different domains when new ones are available. To overcome these issues, we investigate a new task of crowd counting under the incremental domains training setting, namely, Lifelong Crowd Counting. It aims at alleviating the catastrophic forgetting and improving the generalization ability using a single model updated by the incremental domains. To be more specific, we propose a self-distillation learning framework as a benchmark~(Forget Less, Count Better, FLCB) for lifelong crowd counting, which helps the model sustainably leverage previous meaningful knowledge for better crowd counting to mitigate the forgetting when the new data arrive. Meanwhile, a new quantitative metric, normalized backward transfer~(nBwT), is developed to evaluate the forgetting degree of the model in the lifelong learning process. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our proposed benchmark in achieving a low catastrophic forgetting degree and strong generalization ability.      
### 6.Predicting Future Occupancy Grids in Dynamic Environment with Spatio-Temporal Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03212.pdf)
>  Reliably predicting future occupancy of highly dynamic urban environments is an important precursor for safe autonomous navigation. Common challenges in the prediction include forecasting the relative position of other vehicles, modelling the dynamics of vehicles subjected to different traffic conditions, and vanishing surrounding objects. To tackle these challenges, we propose a spatio-temporal prediction network pipeline that takes the past information from the environment and semantic labels separately for generating future occupancy predictions. Compared to the current SOTA, our approach predicts occupancy for a longer horizon of 3 seconds and in a relatively complex environment from the nuScenes dataset. Our experimental results demonstrate the ability of spatio-temporal networks to understand scene dynamics without the need for HD-Maps and explicit modeling dynamic objects. We publicly release our occupancy grid dataset based on nuScenes to support further research.      
### 7.Semantics-Guided Moving Object Segmentation with 3D LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03186.pdf)
>  Moving object segmentation (MOS) is a task to distinguish moving objects, e.g., moving vehicles and pedestrians, from the surrounding static environment. The segmentation accuracy of MOS can have an influence on odometry, map construction, and planning tasks. In this paper, we propose a semantics-guided convolutional neural network for moving object segmentation. The network takes sequential LiDAR range images as inputs. Instead of segmenting the moving objects directly, the network conducts single-scan-based semantic segmentation and multiple-scan-based moving object segmentation in turn. The semantic segmentation module provides semantic priors for the MOS module, where we propose an adjacent scan association (ASA) module to convert the semantic features of adjacent scans into the same coordinate system to fully exploit the cross-scan semantic features. Finally, by analyzing the difference between the transformed features, reliable MOS result can be obtained quickly. Experimental results on the SemanticKITTI MOS dataset proves the effectiveness of our work.      
### 8.Investigating and Explaining the Frequency Bias in Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03154.pdf)
>  CNNs exhibit many behaviors different from humans, one of which is the capability of employing high-frequency components. This paper discusses the frequency bias phenomenon in image classification tasks: the high-frequency components are actually much less exploited than the low- and mid-frequency components. We first investigate the frequency bias phenomenon by presenting two observations on feature discrimination and learning priority. Furthermore, we hypothesize that (i) the spectral density, (ii) class consistency directly affect the frequency bias. Specifically, our investigations verify that the spectral density of datasets mainly affects the learning priority, while the class consistency mainly affects the feature discrimination.      
### 9.From Easy to Hard: Learning Language-guided Curriculum for Visual Question Answering on Remote Sensing Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03147.pdf)
>  Visual question answering (VQA) for remote sensing scene has great potential in intelligent human-computer interaction system. Although VQA in computer vision has been widely researched, VQA for remote sensing data (RSVQA) is still in its infancy. There are two characteristics that need to be specially considered for the RSVQA task. 1) No object annotations are available in RSVQA datasets, which makes it difficult for models to exploit informative region representation; 2) There are questions with clearly different difficulty levels for each image in the RSVQA task. Directly training a model with questions in a random order may confuse the model and limit the performance. To address these two problems, in this paper, a multi-level visual feature learning method is proposed to jointly extract language-guided holistic and regional image features. Besides, a self-paced curriculum learning (SPCL)-based VQA model is developed to train networks with samples in an easy-to-hard way. To be more specific, a language-guided SPCL method with a soft weighting strategy is explored in this work. The proposed model is evaluated on three public datasets, and extensive experimental results show that the proposed RSVQA framework can achieve promising performance.      
### 10.CLIP-CLOP: CLIP-Guided Collage and Photomontage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03146.pdf)
>  The unabated mystique of large-scale neural networks, such as the CLIP dual image-and-text encoder, popularized automatically generated art. Increasingly more sophisticated generators enhanced the artworks' realism and visual appearance, and creative prompt engineering enabled stylistic expression. Guided by an artist-in-the-loop ideal, we design a gradient-based generator to produce collages. It requires the human artist to curate libraries of image patches and to describe (with prompts) the whole image composition, with the option to manually adjust the patches' positions during generation, thereby allowing humans to reclaim some control of the process and achieve greater creative freedom. We explore the aesthetic potentials of high-resolution collages, and provide an open-source Google Colab as an artistic tool.      
### 11.Weakly Supervised 3D Point Cloud Segmentation via Multi-Prototype Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03137.pdf)
>  Addressing the annotation challenge in 3D Point Cloud segmentation has inspired research into weakly supervised learning. Existing approaches mainly focus on exploiting manifold and pseudo-labeling to make use of large unlabeled data points. A fundamental challenge here lies in the large intra-class variations of local geometric structure, resulting in subclasses within a semantic class. In this work, we leverage this intuition and opt for maintaining an individual classifier for each subclass. Technically, we design a multi-prototype classifier, each prototype serves as the classifier weights for one subclass. To enable effective updating of multi-prototype classifier weights, we propose two constraints respectively for updating the prototypes w.r.t. all point features and for encouraging the learning of diverse prototypes. Experiments on weakly supervised 3D point cloud segmentation tasks validate the efficacy of proposed method in particular at low-label regime. Our hypothesis is also verified given the consistent discovery of semantic subclasses at no cost of additional annotations.      
### 12.BDIS: Bayesian Dense Inverse Searching Method for Real-Time Stereo Surgical Image Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03133.pdf)
>  In stereoscope-based Minimally Invasive Surgeries (MIS), dense stereo matching plays an indispensable role in 3D shape recovery, AR, VR, and navigation tasks. Although numerous Deep Neural Network (DNN) approaches are proposed, the conventional prior-free approaches are still popular in the industry because of the lack of open-source annotated data set and the limitation of the task-specific pre-trained DNNs. Among the prior-free stereo matching algorithms, there is no successful real-time algorithm in none GPU environment for MIS. This paper proposes the first CPU-level real-time prior-free stereo matching algorithm for general MIS tasks. We achieve an average 17 Hz on 640*480 images with a single-core CPU (i5-9400) for surgical images. Meanwhile, it achieves slightly better accuracy than the popular ELAS. The patch-based fast disparity searching algorithm is adopted for the rectified stereo images. A coarse-to-fine Bayesian probability and a spatial Gaussian mixed model were proposed to evaluate the patch probability at different scales. An optional probability density function estimation algorithm was adopted to quantify the prediction variance. Extensive experiments demonstrated the proposed method's capability to handle ambiguities introduced by the textureless surfaces and the photometric inconsistency from the non-Lambertian reflectance and dark illumination. The estimated probability managed to balance the confidences of the patches for stereo images at different scales. It has similar or higher accuracy and fewer outliers than the baseline ELAS in MIS, while it is 4-5 times faster. The code and the synthetic data sets are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JingweiSong/BDIS-v2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.A High-Accuracy Unsupervised Person Re-identification Method Using Auxiliary Information Mined from Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03124.pdf)
>  Supervised person re-identification methods rely heavily on high-quality cross-camera training label. This significantly hinders the deployment of re-ID models in real-world applications. The unsupervised person re-ID methods can reduce the cost of data annotation, but their performance is still far lower than the supervised ones. In this paper, we make full use of the auxiliary information mined from the datasets for multi-modal feature learning, including camera information, temporal information and spatial information. By analyzing the style bias of cameras, the characteristics of pedestrians' motion trajectories and the positions of camera network, this paper designs three modules: Time-Overlapping Constraint (TOC), Spatio-Temporal Similarity (STS) and Same-Camera Penalty (SCP) to exploit the auxiliary information. Auxiliary information can improve the model performance and inference accuracy by constructing association constraints or fusing with visual features. In addition, this paper proposes three effective training tricks, including Restricted Label Smoothing Cross Entropy Loss (RLSCE), Weight Adaptive Triplet Loss (WATL) and Dynamic Training Iterations (DTI). The tricks achieve mAP of 72.4% and 81.1% on MARS and DukeMTMC-VideoReID, respectively. Combined with auxiliary information exploiting modules, our methods achieve mAP of 89.9% on DukeMTMC, where TOC, STS and SCP all contributed considerable performance improvements. The method proposed by this paper outperforms most existing unsupervised re-ID methods and narrows the gap between unsupervised and supervised re-ID methods. Our code is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tenghehan/AuxUSLReID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Crop Type Identification for Smallholding Farms: Analyzing Spatial, Temporal and Spectral Resolutions in Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03104.pdf)
>  The integration of the modern Machine Learning (ML) models into remote sensing and agriculture has expanded the scope of the application of satellite images in the agriculture domain. In this paper, we present how the accuracy of crop type identification improves as we move from medium-spatiotemporal-resolution (MSTR) to high-spatiotemporal-resolution (HSTR) satellite images. We further demonstrate that high spectral resolution in satellite imagery can improve prediction performance for low spatial and temporal resolutions (LSTR) images. The F1-score is increased by 7% when using multispectral data of MSTR images as compared to the best results obtained from HSTR images. Similarly, when crop season based time series of multispectral data is used we observe an increase of 1.2% in the F1-score. The outcome motivates further advancements in the field of synthetic band generation.      
### 15.QLEVR: A Diagnostic Dataset for Quantificational Language and Elementary Visual Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03075.pdf)
>  Synthetic datasets have successfully been used to probe visual question-answering datasets for their reasoning abilities. CLEVR (johnson2017clevr), for example, tests a range of visual reasoning abilities. The questions in CLEVR focus on comparisons of shapes, colors, and sizes, numerical reasoning, and existence claims. This paper introduces a minimally biased, diagnostic visual question-answering dataset, QLEVR, that goes beyond existential and numerical quantification and focus on more complex quantifiers and their combinations, e.g., asking whether there are more than two red balls that are smaller than at least three blue balls in an image. We describe how the dataset was created and present a first evaluation of state-of-the-art visual question-answering models, showing that QLEVR presents a formidable challenge to our current models. Code and Dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zechenli03/QLEVR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 16.Continual Object Detection via Prototypical Task Correlation Guided Gating Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03055.pdf)
>  Continual learning is a challenging real-world problem for constructing a mature AI system when data are provided in a streaming fashion. Despite recent progress in continual classification, the researches of continual object detection are impeded by the diverse sizes and numbers of objects in each image. Different from previous works that tune the whole network for all tasks, in this work, we present a simple and flexible framework for continual object detection via pRotOtypical taSk corrElaTion guided gaTing mechAnism (ROSETTA). Concretely, a unified framework is shared by all tasks while task-aware gates are introduced to automatically select sub-models for specific tasks. In this way, various knowledge can be successively memorized by storing their corresponding sub-model weights in this system. To make ROSETTA automatically determine which experience is available and useful, a prototypical task correlation guided Gating Diversity Controller(GDC) is introduced to adaptively adjust the diversity of gates for the new task based on class-specific prototypes. GDC module computes class-to-class correlation matrix to depict the cross-task correlation, and hereby activates more exclusive gates for the new task if a significant domain gap is observed. Comprehensive experiments on COCO-VOC, KITTI-Kitchen, class-incremental detection on VOC and sequential learning of four tasks show that ROSETTA yields state-of-the-art performance on both task-based and class-based continual object detection.      
### 17.Dual-Level Decoupled Transformer for Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03039.pdf)
>  Video captioning aims to understand the spatio-temporal semantic concept of the video and generate descriptive sentences. The de-facto approach to this task dictates a text generator to learn from \textit{offline-extracted} motion or appearance features from \textit{pre-trained} vision models. However, these methods may suffer from the so-called \textbf{\textit{"couple"}} drawbacks on both \textit{video spatio-temporal representation} and \textit{sentence generation}. For the former, \textbf{\textit{"couple"}} means learning spatio-temporal representation in a single model(3DCNN), resulting the problems named \emph{disconnection in task/pre-train domain} and \emph{hard for end-to-end training}. As for the latter, \textbf{\textit{"couple"}} means treating the generation of visual semantic and syntax-related words equally. To this end, we present $\mathcal{D}^{2}$ - a dual-level decoupled transformer pipeline to solve the above drawbacks: \emph{(i)} for video spatio-temporal representation, we decouple the process of it into "first-spatial-then-temporal" paradigm, releasing the potential of using dedicated model(\textit{e.g.} image-text pre-training) to connect the pre-training and downstream tasks, and makes the entire model end-to-end trainable. \emph{(ii)} for sentence generation, we propose \emph{Syntax-Aware Decoder} to dynamically measure the contribution of visual semantic and syntax-related words. Extensive experiments on three widely-used benchmarks (MSVD, MSR-VTT and VATEX) have shown great potential of the proposed $\mathcal{D}^{2}$ and surpassed the previous methods by a large margin in the task of video captioning.      
### 18.A Fingerprint Detection Method by Fingerprint Ridge Orientation Check  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03019.pdf)
>  Fingerprints are popular among the biometric based systems due to ease of acquisition, uniqueness and availability. Nowadays it is used in smart phone security, digital payment and digital locker. Fingerprint recognition technology has been studied for a long time, and its recognition rate has recently risen to a high level. In particular, with the introduction of Deep Neural Network technologies, the recognition rate that could not be reached before was reached. In this paper, we propose a fingerprint detection algorithm used in a fingerprint recognition system.      
### 19.Revisiting Pretraining for Semi-Supervised Learning in the Low-Label Regime  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03001.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning (SSL) addresses the lack of labeled data by exploiting large unlabeled data through pseudolabeling. However, in the extremely low-label regime, pseudo labels could be incorrect, a.k.a. the confirmation bias, and the pseudo labels will in turn harm the network training. Recent studies combined finetuning (FT) from pretrained weights with SSL to mitigate the challenges and claimed superior results in the low-label regime. In this work, we first show that the better pretrained weights brought in by FT account for the state-of-the-art performance, and importantly that they are universally helpful to off-the-shelf semi-supervised learners. We further argue that direct finetuning from pretrained weights is suboptimal due to covariate shift and propose a contrastive target pretraining step to adapt model weights towards target dataset. We carried out extensive experiments on both classification and segmentation tasks by doing target pretraining then followed by semi-supervised finetuning. The promising results validate the efficacy of target pretraining for SSL, in particular in the low-label regime.      
### 20.Multi-view Point Cloud Registration based on Evolutionary Multitasking with Bi-Channel Knowledge Sharing Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02996.pdf)
>  Registration of multi-view point clouds is fundamental in 3D reconstruction. Since there are close connections between point clouds captured from different viewpoints, registration performance can be enhanced if these connections be harnessed properly. Therefore, this paper models the registration problem as multi-task optimization, and proposes a novel bi-channel knowledge sharing mechanism for effective and efficient problem solving. The modeling of multi-view point cloud registration as multi-task optimization are twofold. By simultaneously considering the local accuracy of two point clouds as well as the global consistency posed by all the point clouds involved, a fitness function with an adaptive threshold is derived. Also a framework of the co-evolutionary search process is defined for the concurrent optimization of multiple fitness functions belonging to related tasks. To enhance solution quality and convergence speed, the proposed bi-channel knowledge sharing mechanism plays its role. The intra-task knowledge sharing introduces aiding tasks that are much simpler to solve, and useful information is shared within tasks, accelerating the search process. The inter-task knowledge sharing explores commonalities buried among tasks, aiming to prevent tasks from getting stuck to local optima. Comprehensive experiments conducted on model object as well as scene point clouds show the efficacy of the proposed method.      
### 21.Generate and Edit Your Own Character in a Canonical View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02974.pdf)
>  Recently, synthesizing personalized characters from a single user-given portrait has received remarkable attention as a drastic popularization of social media and the metaverse. The input image is not always in frontal view, thus it is important to acquire or predict canonical view for 3D modeling or other applications. Although the progress of generative models enables the stylization of a portrait, obtaining the stylized image in canonical view is still a challenging task. There have been several studies on face frontalization but their performance significantly decreases when input is not in the real image domain, e.g., cartoon or painting. Stylizing after frontalization also results in degenerated output. In this paper, we propose a novel and unified framework which generates stylized portraits in canonical view. With a proposed latent mapper, we analyze and discover frontalization mapping in a latent space of StyleGAN to stylize and frontalize at once. In addition, our model can be trained with unlabelled 2D image sets, without any 3D supervision. The effectiveness of our method is demonstrated by experimental results.      
### 22.Scene Graph Expansion for Semantics-Guided Image Outpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02958.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the task of semantics-guided image outpainting, which is to complete an image by generating semantically practical content. Different from most existing image outpainting works, we approach the above task by understanding and completing image semantics at the scene graph level. In particular, we propose a novel network of Scene Graph Transformer (SGT), which is designed to take node and edge features as inputs for modeling the associated structural information. To better understand and process graph-based inputs, our SGT uniquely performs feature attention at both node and edge levels. While the former views edges as relationship regularization, the latter observes the co-occurrence of nodes for guiding the attention process. We demonstrate that, given a partial input image with its layout and scene graph, our SGT can be applied for scene graph expansion and its conversion to a complete layout. Following state-of-the-art layout-to-image conversions works, the task of image outpainting can be completed with sufficient and practical semantics introduced. Extensive experiments are conducted on the datasets of MS-COCO and Visual Genome, which quantitatively and qualitatively confirm the effectiveness of our proposed SGT and outpainting frameworks.      
### 23.Immiscible Color Flows in Optimal Transport Networks for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02938.pdf)
>  In classification tasks, it is crucial to meaningfully exploit information contained in data. Here, we propose a physics-inspired dynamical system that adapts Optimal Transport principles to effectively leverage color distributions of images. Our dynamics regulates immiscible fluxes of colors traveling on a network built from images. Instead of aggregating colors together, it treats them as different commodities that interact with a shared capacity on edges. Our method outperforms competitor algorithms on image classification tasks in datasets where color information matters.      
### 24.Detection of Propaganda Techniques in Visuo-Lingual Metaphor in Memes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02937.pdf)
>  The exponential rise of social media networks has allowed the production, distribution, and consumption of data at a phenomenal rate. Moreover, the social media revolution has brought a unique phenomenon to social media platforms called Internet memes. Internet memes are one of the most popular contents used on social media, and they can be in the form of images with a witty, catchy, or satirical text description. In this paper, we are dealing with propaganda that is often seen in Internet memes in recent times. Propaganda is communication, which frequently includes psychological and rhetorical techniques to manipulate or influence an audience to act or respond as the propagandist wants. To detect propaganda in Internet memes, we propose a multimodal deep learning fusion system that fuses the text and image feature representations and outperforms individual models based solely on either text or image modalities.      
### 25.Biometric Signature Verification Using Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02934.pdf)
>  Architectures based on Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) have been successfully applied to many different tasks such as speech or handwriting recognition with state-of-the-art results. The main contribution of this work is to analyse the feasibility of RNNs for on-line signature verification in real practical scenarios. We have considered a system based on Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) with a Siamese architecture whose goal is to learn a similarity metric from pairs of signatures. For the experimental work, the BiosecurID database comprised of 400 users and 4 separated acquisition sessions are considered. Our proposed LSTM RNN system has outperformed the results of recent published works on the BiosecurID benchmark in figures ranging from 17.76% to 28.00% relative verification performance improvement for skilled forgeries.      
### 26.Understanding Urban Water Consumption using Remotely Sensed Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02932.pdf)
>  Urban metabolism is an active field of research that deals with the estimation of emissions and resource consumption from urban regions. The analysis could be carried out through a manual surveyor by the implementation of elegant machine learning algorithms. In this exploratory work, we estimate the water consumption by the buildings in the region captured by satellite imagery. To this end, we break our analysis into three parts: i) Identification of building pixels, given a satellite image, followed by ii) identification of the building type (residential/non-residential) from the building pixels, and finally iii) using the building pixels along with their type to estimate the water consumption using the average per unit area consumption for different building types as obtained from municipal surveys.      
### 27.FisheyeDistill: Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation with Ordinal Distillation for Fisheye Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02930.pdf)
>  In this paper, we deal with the problem of monocular depth estimation for fisheye cameras in a self-supervised manner. A known issue of self-supervised depth estimation is that it suffers in low-light/over-exposure conditions and in large homogeneous regions. To tackle this issue, we propose a novel ordinal distillation loss that distills the ordinal information from a large teacher model. Such a teacher model, since having been trained on a large amount of diverse data, can capture the depth ordering information well, but lacks in preserving accurate scene geometry. Combined with self-supervised losses, we show that our model can not only generate reasonable depth maps in challenging environments but also better recover the scene geometry. We further leverage the fisheye cameras of an AR-Glasses device to collect an indoor dataset to facilitate evaluation.      
### 28.Generating Representative Samples for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02918.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning (FSL) aims to learn new categories with a few visual samples per class. Few-shot class representations are often biased due to data scarcity. To mitigate this issue, we propose to generate visual samples based on semantic embeddings using a conditional variational autoencoder (CVAE) model. We train this CVAE model on base classes and use it to generate features for novel classes. More importantly, we guide this VAE to strictly generate representative samples by removing non-representative samples from the base training set when training the CVAE model. We show that this training scheme enhances the representativeness of the generated samples and therefore, improves the few-shot classification results. Experimental results show that our method improves three FSL baseline methods by substantial margins, achieving state-of-the-art few-shot classification performance on miniImageNet and tieredImageNet datasets for both 1-shot and 5-shot settings. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cvlab-stonybrook/fsl-rsvae" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Evaluating Context for Deep Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02887.pdf)
>  Which object detector is suitable for your context sensitive task? Deep object detectors exploit scene context for recognition differently. In this paper, we group object detectors into 3 categories in terms of context use: no context by cropping the input (RCNN), partial context by cropping the featuremap (two-stage methods) and full context without any cropping (single-stage methods). We systematically evaluate the effect of context for each deep detector category. We create a fully controlled dataset for varying context and investigate the context for deep detectors. We also evaluate gradually removing the background context and the foreground object on MS COCO. We demonstrate that single-stage and two-stage object detectors can and will use the context by virtue of their large receptive field. Thus, choosing the best object detector may depend on the application context.      
### 30.Multi-mode Tensor Train Factorization with Spatial-spectral Regularization for Remote Sensing Images Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03380.pdf)
>  Tensor train (TT) factorization and corresponding TT rank, which can well express the low-rankness and mode correlations of higher-order tensors, have attracted much attention in recent years. However, TT factorization based methods are generally not sufficient to characterize low-rankness along each mode of third-order tensor. Inspired by this, we generalize the tensor train factorization to the mode-k tensor train factorization and introduce a corresponding multi-mode tensor train (MTT) rank. Then, we proposed a novel low-MTT-rank tensor completion model via multi-mode TT factorization and spatial-spectral smoothness regularization. To tackle the proposed model, we develop an efficient proximal alternating minimization (PAM) algorithm. Extensive numerical experiment results on visual data demonstrate that the proposed MTTD3R method outperforms compared methods in terms of visual and quantitative measures.      
### 31.Atlas-powered deep learning (ADL) -- application to diffusion weighted MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03210.pdf)
>  Deep learning has a great potential for estimating biomarkers in diffusion weighted magnetic resonance imaging (dMRI). Atlases, on the other hand, are a unique tool for modeling the spatio-temporal variability of biomarkers. In this paper, we propose the first framework to exploit both deep learning and atlases for biomarker estimation in dMRI. Our framework relies on non-linear diffusion tensor registration to compute biomarker atlases and to estimate atlas reliability maps. We also use nonlinear tensor registration to align the atlas to a subject and to estimate the error of this alignment. We use the biomarker atlas, atlas reliability map, and alignment error map, in addition to the dMRI signal, as inputs to a deep learning model for biomarker estimation. We use our framework to estimate fractional anisotropy and neurite orientation dispersion from down-sampled dMRI data on a test cohort of 70 newborn subjects. Results show that our method significantly outperforms standard estimation methods as well as recent deep learning techniques. Our method is also more robust to stronger measurement down-sampling factors. Our study shows that the advantages of deep learning and atlases can be synergistically combined to achieve unprecedented accuracy in biomarker estimation from dMRI data.      
### 32.Controlled Dropout for Uncertainty Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03109.pdf)
>  Uncertainty quantification in a neural network is one of the most discussed topics for safety-critical applications. Though Neural Networks (NNs) have achieved state-of-the-art performance for many applications, they still provide unreliable point predictions, which lack information about uncertainty estimates. Among various methods to enable neural networks to estimate uncertainty, Monte Carlo (MC) dropout has gained much popularity in a short period due to its simplicity. In this study, we present a new version of the traditional dropout layer where we are able to fix the number of dropout configurations. As such, each layer can take and apply the new dropout layer in the MC method to quantify the uncertainty associated with NN predictions. We conduct experiments on both toy and realistic datasets and compare the results with the MC method using the traditional dropout layer. Performance analysis utilizing uncertainty evaluation metrics corroborates that our dropout layer offers better performance in most cases.      
### 33.Incremental Data-Uploading for Full-Quantum Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03057.pdf)
>  The data representation in a machine-learning model strongly influences its performance. This becomes even more important for quantum machine learning models implemented on noisy intermediate scale quantum (NISQ) devices. Encoding high dimensional data into a quantum circuit for a NISQ device without any loss of information is not trivial and brings a lot of challenges. While simple encoding schemes (like single qubit rotational gates to encode high dimensional data) often lead to information loss within the circuit, complex encoding schemes with entanglement and data re-uploading lead to an increase in the encoding gate count. This is not well-suited for NISQ devices. This work proposes 'incremental data-uploading', a novel encoding pattern for high dimensional data that tackles these challenges. We spread the encoding gates for the feature vector of a given data point throughout the quantum circuit with parameterized gates in between them. This encoding pattern results in a better representation of data in the quantum circuit with a minimal pre-processing requirement. We show the efficiency of our encoding pattern on a classification task using the MNIST and Fashion-MNIST datasets, and compare different encoding methods via classification accuracy and the effective dimension of the model.      
### 34.Quantification of Robotic Surgeries with Vision-Based Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.03028.pdf)
>  Surgery is a high-stakes domain where surgeons must navigate critical anatomical structures and actively avoid potential complications while achieving the main task at hand. Such surgical activity has been shown to affect long-term patient outcomes. To better understand this relationship, whose mechanics remain unknown for the majority of surgical procedures, we hypothesize that the core elements of surgery must first be quantified in a reliable, objective, and scalable manner. We believe this is a prerequisite for the provision of surgical feedback and modulation of surgeon performance in pursuit of improved patient outcomes. To holistically quantify surgeries, we propose a unified deep learning framework, entitled Roboformer, which operates exclusively on videos recorded during surgery to independently achieve multiple tasks: surgical phase recognition (the what of surgery), gesture classification and skills assessment (the how of surgery). We validated our framework on four video-based datasets of two commonly-encountered types of steps (dissection and suturing) within minimally-invasive robotic surgeries. We demonstrated that our framework can generalize well to unseen videos, surgeons, medical centres, and surgical procedures. We also found that our framework, which naturally lends itself to explainable findings, identified relevant information when achieving a particular task. These findings are likely to instill surgeons with more confidence in our framework's behaviour, increasing the likelihood of clinical adoption, and thus paving the way for more targeted surgical feedback.      
### 35.Large Scale Transfer Learning for Differentially Private Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02973.pdf)
>  Differential Privacy (DP) provides a formal framework for training machine learning models with individual example level privacy. Training models with DP protects the model against leakage of sensitive data in a potentially adversarial setting. In the field of deep learning, Differentially Private Stochastic Gradient Descent (DP-SGD) has emerged as a popular private training algorithm. Private training using DP-SGD protects against leakage by injecting noise into individual example gradients, such that the trained model weights become nearly independent of the use any particular training example. While this result is quite appealing, the computational cost of training large-scale models with DP-SGD is substantially higher than non-private training. This is further exacerbated by the fact that increasing the number of parameters leads to larger degradation in utility with DP. In this work, we zoom in on the ImageNet dataset and demonstrate that similar to the non-private case, pre-training over-parameterized models on a large public dataset can lead to substantial gains when the model is finetuned privately. Moreover, by systematically comparing private and non-private models across a range of huge batch sizes, we find that similar to non-private setting, choice of optimizer can further improve performance substantially with DP. By switching from DP-SGD to DP-LAMB we saw improvement of up to 20$\%$ points (absolute). Finally, we show that finetuning just the last layer for a \emph{single step} in the full batch setting leads to both SOTA results of 81.7 $\%$ under a wide privacy budget range of $\epsilon \in [4, 10]$ and $\delta$ = $10^{-6}$ while minimizing the computational overhead substantially.      
### 36.Approximate Convex Decomposition for 3D Meshes with Collision-Aware Concavity and Tree Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02961.pdf)
>  Approximate convex decomposition aims to decompose a 3D shape into a set of almost convex components, whose convex hulls can then be used to represent the input shape. It thus enables efficient geometry processing algorithms specifically designed for convex shapes and has been widely used in game engines, physics simulations, and animation. While prior works can capture the global structure of input shapes, they may fail to preserve fine-grained details (e.g., filling a toaster's slots), which are critical for retaining the functionality of objects in interactive environments. In this paper, we propose a novel method that addresses the limitations of existing approaches from three perspectives: (a) We introduce a novel collision-aware concavity metric that examines the distance between a shape and its convex hull from both the boundary and the interior. The proposed concavity preserves collision conditions and is more robust to detect various approximation errors. (b) We decompose shapes by directly cutting meshes with 3D planes. It ensures generated convex hulls are intersection-free and avoids voxelization errors. (c) Instead of using a one-step greedy strategy, we propose employing a multi-step tree search to determine the cutting planes, which leads to a globally better solution and avoids unnecessary cuttings. Through extensive evaluation on a large-scale articulated object dataset, we show that our method generates decompositions closer to the original shape with fewer components. It thus supports delicate and efficient object interaction in downstream applications. We will release our implementation to facilitate future research.      
### 37.Learn-to-Race Challenge 2022: Benchmarking Safe Learning and Cross-domain Generalisation in Autonomous Racing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02953.pdf)
>  We present the results of our autonomous racing virtual challenge, based on the newly-released Learn-to-Race (L2R) simulation framework, which seeks to encourage interdisciplinary research in autonomous driving and to help advance the state of the art on a realistic benchmark. Analogous to racing being used to test cutting-edge vehicles, we envision autonomous racing to serve as a particularly challenging proving ground for autonomous agents as: (i) they need to make sub-second, safety-critical decisions in a complex, fast-changing environment; and (ii) both perception and control must be robust to distribution shifts, novel road features, and unseen obstacles. Thus, the main goal of the challenge is to evaluate the joint safety, performance, and generalisation capabilities of reinforcement learning agents on multi-modal perception, through a two-stage process. In the first stage of the challenge, we evaluate an autonomous agent's ability to drive as fast as possible, while adhering to safety constraints. In the second stage, we additionally require the agent to adapt to an unseen racetrack through safe exploration. In this paper, we describe the new L2R Task 2.0 benchmark, with refined metrics and baseline approaches. We also provide an overview of deployment, evaluation, and rankings for the inaugural instance of the L2R Autonomous Racing Virtual Challenge (supported by Carnegie Mellon University, Arrival Ltd., AICrowd, Amazon Web Services, and Honda Research), which officially used the new L2R Task 2.0 benchmark and received over 20,100 views, 437 active participants, 46 teams, and 733 model submissions -- from 88 unique institutions, in 28 different countries. Finally, we release leaderboard results from the challenge and provide description of the two top-ranking approaches in cross-domain model transfer, across multiple sensor configurations and simulated races.      
### 38.CNN-Augmented Visual-Inertial SLAM with Planar Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02940.pdf)
>  We present a robust visual-inertial SLAM system that combines the benefits of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and planar constraints. Our system leverages a CNN to predict the depth map and the corresponding uncertainty map for each image. The CNN depth effectively bootstraps the back-end optimization of SLAM and meanwhile the CNN uncertainty adaptively weighs the contribution of each feature point to the back-end optimization. Given the gravity direction from the inertial sensor, we further present a fast plane detection method that detects horizontal planes via one-point RANSAC and vertical planes via two-point RANSAC. Those stably detected planes are in turn used to regularize the back-end optimization of SLAM. We evaluate our system on a public dataset, \ie, EuRoC, and demonstrate improved results over a state-of-the-art SLAM system, \ie, ORB-SLAM3.      
### 39.Neural Jacobian Fields: Learning Intrinsic Mappings of Arbitrary Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02904.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a framework designed to accurately predict piecewise linear mappings of arbitrary meshes via a neural network, enabling training and evaluating over heterogeneous collections of meshes that do not share a triangulation, as well as producing highly detail-preserving maps whose accuracy exceeds current state of the art. The framework is based on reducing the neural aspect to a prediction of a matrix for a single given point, conditioned on a global shape descriptor. The field of matrices is then projected onto the tangent bundle of the given mesh, and used as candidate jacobians for the predicted map. The map is computed by a standard Poisson solve, implemented as a differentiable layer with cached pre-factorization for efficient training. This construction is agnostic to the triangulation of the input, thereby enabling applications on datasets with varying triangulations. At the same time, by operating in the intrinsic gradient domain of each individual mesh, it allows the framework to predict highly-accurate mappings. We validate these properties by conducting experiments over a broad range of scenarios, from semantic ones such as morphing, registration, and deformation transfer, to optimization-based ones, such as emulating elastic deformations and contact correction, as well as being the first work, to our knowledge, to tackle the task of learning to compute UV parameterizations of arbitrary meshes. The results exhibit the high accuracy of the method as well as its versatility, as it is readily applied to the above scenarios without any changes to the framework.      
### 40.A Deep Reinforcement Learning Framework for Rapid Diagnosis of Whole Slide Pathological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02850.pdf)
>  The deep neural network is a research hotspot for histopathological image analysis, which can improve the efficiency and accuracy of diagnosis for pathologists or be used for disease screening. The whole slide pathological image can reach one gigapixel and contains abundant tissue feature information, which needs to be divided into a lot of patches in the training and inference stages. This will lead to a long convergence time and large memory consumption. Furthermore, well-annotated data sets are also in short supply in the field of digital pathology. Inspired by the pathologist's clinical diagnosis process, we propose a weakly supervised deep reinforcement learning framework, which can greatly reduce the time required for network inference. We use neural network to construct the search model and decision model of reinforcement learning agent respectively. The search model predicts the next action through the image features of different magnifications in the current field of view, and the decision model is used to return the predicted probability of the current field of view image. In addition, an expert-guided model is constructed by multi-instance learning, which not only provides rewards for search model, but also guides decision model learning by the knowledge distillation method. Experimental results show that our proposed method can achieve fast inference and accurate prediction of whole slide images without any pixel-level annotations.      
### 41.AdaTriplet: Adaptive Gradient Triplet Loss with Automatic Margin Learning for Forensic Medical Image Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02849.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the challenge of forensic medical image matching (FMIM) using deep neural networks (DNNs). FMIM is a particular case of content-based image retrieval (CBIR). The main challenge in FMIM compared to the general case of CBIR, is that the subject to whom a query image belongs may be affected by aging and progressive degenerative disorders, making it difficult to match data on a subject level. CBIR with DNNs is generally solved by minimizing a ranking loss, such as Triplet loss (TL), computed on image representations extracted by a DNN from the original data. TL, in particular, operates on triplets: anchor, positive (similar to anchor) and negative (dissimilar to anchor). Although TL has been shown to perform well in many CBIR tasks, it still has limitations, which we identify and analyze in this work. In this paper, we introduce (i) the AdaTriplet loss -- an extension of TL whose gradients adapt to different difficulty levels of negative samples, and (ii) the AutoMargin method -- a technique to adjust hyperparameters of margin-based losses such as TL and our proposed loss dynamically. Our results are evaluated on two large-scale benchmarks for FMIM based on the Osteoarthritis Initiative and Chest X-ray-14 datasets. The codes allowing replication of this study have been made publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Oulu-IMEDS/AdaTriplet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 42.Building Brains: Subvolume Recombination for Data Augmentation in Large Vessel Occlusion Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02848.pdf)
>  Ischemic strokes are often caused by large vessel occlusions (LVOs), which can be visualized and diagnosed with Computed Tomography Angiography scans. As time is brain, a fast, accurate and automated diagnosis of these scans is desirable. Human readers compare the left and right hemispheres in their assessment of strokes. A large training data set is required for a standard deep learning-based model to learn this strategy from data. As labeled medical data in this field is rare, other approaches need to be developed. To both include the prior knowledge of side comparison and increase the amount of training data, we propose an augmentation method that generates artificial training samples by recombining vessel tree segmentations of the hemispheres or hemisphere subregions from different patients. The subregions cover vessels commonly affected by LVOs, namely the internal carotid artery (ICA) and middle cerebral artery (MCA). In line with the augmentation scheme, we use a 3D-DenseNet fed with task-specific input, fostering a side-by-side comparison between the hemispheres. Furthermore, we propose an extension of that architecture to process the individual hemisphere subregions. All configurations predict the presence of an LVO, its side, and the affected subregion. We show the effect of recombination as an augmentation strategy in a 5-fold cross validated ablation study. We enhanced the AUC for patient-wise classification regarding the presence of an LVO of all investigated architectures. For one variant, the proposed method improved the AUC from 0.73 without augmentation to 0.89. The best configuration detects LVOs with an AUC of 0.91, LVOs in the ICA with an AUC of 0.96, and in the MCA with 0.91 while accurately predicting the affected side.      
### 43.Segmentation with Super Images: A New 2D Perspective on 3D Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02847.pdf)
>  Deep learning is showing an increasing number of audience in medical imaging research. In the segmentation task of medical images, we oftentimes rely on volumetric data, and thus require the use of 3D architectures which are praised for their ability to capture more features from the depth dimension. Yet, these architectures are generally more ineffective in time and compute compared to their 2D counterpart on account of 3D convolutions, max pooling, up-convolutions, and other operations used in these networks. Moreover, there are limited to no 3D pretrained model weights, and pretraining is generally challenging. To alleviate these issues, we propose to cast volumetric data to 2D super images and use 2D networks for the segmentation task. The method processes the 3D image by stitching slices side-by-side to generate a super resolution image. While the depth information is lost, we expect that deep neural networks can still capture and learn these features. Our goal in this work is to introduce a new perspective when dealing with volumetric data, and test our hypothesis using vanilla networks. We hope that this approach, while achieving close enough results to 3D networks using only 2D counterparts, can attract more related research in the future, especially in medical image analysis since volumetric data is comparably limited.      
### 44.Invariant Content Synergistic Learning for Domain Generalization of Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02845.pdf)
>  While achieving remarkable success for medical image segmentation, deep convolution neural networks (DCNNs) often fail to maintain their robustness when confronting test data with the novel distribution. To address such a drawback, the inductive bias of DCNNs is recently well-recognized. Specifically, DCNNs exhibit an inductive bias towards image style (e.g., superficial texture) rather than invariant content (e.g., object shapes). In this paper, we propose a method, named Invariant Content Synergistic Learning (ICSL), to improve the generalization ability of DCNNs on unseen datasets by controlling the inductive bias. First, ICSL mixes the style of training instances to perturb the training distribution. That is to say, more diverse domains or styles would be made available for training DCNNs. Based on the perturbed distribution, we carefully design a dual-branches invariant content synergistic learning strategy to prevent style-biased predictions and focus more on the invariant content. Extensive experimental results on two typical medical image segmentation tasks show that our approach performs better than state-of-the-art domain generalization methods.      
### 45.Generative Adversarial Network Based Synthetic Learning and a Novel Domain Relevant Loss Term for Spine Radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02843.pdf)
>  Problem: There is a lack of big data for the training of deep learning models in medicine, characterized by the time cost of data collection and privacy concerns. Generative adversarial networks (GANs) offer both the potential to generate new data, as well as to use this newly generated data, without inclusion of patients' real data, for downstream applications. <br>Approach: A series of GANs were trained and applied for a downstream computer vision spine radiograph abnormality classification task. Separate classifiers were trained with either access or no access to the original imaging. Trained GANs included a conditional StyleGAN2 with adaptive discriminator augmentation, a conditional StyleGAN2 with adaptive discriminator augmentation to generate spine radiographs conditional on lesion type, and using a novel clinical loss term for the generator a StyleGAN2 with adaptive discriminator augmentation conditional on abnormality (SpineGAN). Finally, a differential privacy imposed StyleGAN2 with adaptive discriminator augmentation conditional on abnormality was trained and an ablation study was performed on its differential privacy impositions. <br>Key Results: We accomplish GAN generation of synthetic spine radiographs without meaningful input for the first time from a literature review. We further demonstrate the success of synthetic learning for the spine domain with a downstream clinical classification task (AUC of 0.830 using synthetic data compared to AUC of 0.886 using the real data). Importantly, the introduction of a new clinical loss term for the generator was found to increase generation recall as well as accelerate model training. Lastly, we demonstrate that, in a limited size medical dataset, differential privacy impositions severely impede GAN training, finding that this is specifically due to the requirement for gradient perturbation with noise.      
### 46.InvNorm: Domain Generalization for Object Detection in Gastrointestinal Endoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02842.pdf)
>  Domain Generalization is a challenging topic in computer vision, especially in Gastrointestinal Endoscopy image analysis. Due to several device limitations and ethical reasons, current open-source datasets are typically collected on a limited number of patients using the same brand of sensors. Different brands of devices and individual differences will significantly affect the model's generalizability. Therefore, to address the generalization problem in GI(Gastrointestinal) endoscopy, we propose a multi-domain GI dataset and a light, plug-in block called InvNorm(Invertible Normalization), which could achieve a better generalization performance in any structure. Previous DG(Domain Generalization) methods fail to achieve invertible transformation, which would lead to some misleading augmentation. Moreover, these models would be more likely to lead to medical ethics issues. Our method utilizes normalizing flow to achieve invertible and explainable style normalization to address the problem. The effectiveness of InvNorm is demonstrated on a wide range of tasks, including GI recognition, GI object detection, and natural image recognition.      
### 47.Understanding Transfer Learning for Chest Radiograph Clinical Report Generation with Modified Transformer Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02841.pdf)
>  The image captioning task is increasingly prevalent in artificial intelligence applications for medicine. One important application is clinical report generation from chest radiographs. The clinical writing of unstructured reports is time consuming and error-prone. An automated system would improve standardization, error reduction, time consumption, and medical accessibility. In this paper we demonstrate the importance of domain specific pre-training and propose a modified transformer architecture for the medical image captioning task. To accomplish this, we train a series of modified transformers to generate clinical reports from chest radiograph image input. These modified transformers include: a meshed-memory augmented transformer architecture with visual extractor using ImageNet pre-trained weights, a meshed-memory augmented transformer architecture with visual extractor using CheXpert pre-trained weights, and a meshed-memory augmented transformer whose encoder is passed the concatenated embeddings using both ImageNet pre-trained weights and CheXpert pre-trained weights. We use BLEU(1-4), ROUGE-L, CIDEr, and the clinical CheXbert F1 scores to validate our models and demonstrate competitive scores with state of the art models. We provide evidence that ImageNet pre-training is ill-suited for the medical image captioning task, especially for less frequent conditions (eg: enlarged cardiomediastinum, lung lesion, pneumothorax). Furthermore, we demonstrate that the double feature model improves performance for specific medical conditions (edema, consolidation, pneumothorax, support devices) and overall CheXbert F1 score, and should be further developed in future work. Such a double feature model, including both ImageNet pre-training as well as domain specific pre-training, could be used in a wide range of image captioning models in medicine.      
### 48.GAN Inversion for Data Augmentation to Improve Colonoscopy Lesion Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02840.pdf)
>  A major challenge in applying deep learning to medical imaging is the paucity of annotated data. This study demonstrates that synthetic colonoscopy images generated by Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) inversion can be used as training data to improve the lesion classification performance of deep learning models. This approach inverts pairs of images with the same label to a semantically rich &amp; disentangled latent space and manipulates latent representations to produce new synthetic images with the same label. We perform image modality translation (style transfer) between white light and narrowband imaging (NBI). We also generate realistic-looking synthetic lesion images by interpolating between original training images to increase the variety of lesion shapes in the training dataset. We show that these approaches outperform comparative colonoscopy data augmentation techniques without the need to re-train multiple generative models. This approach also leverages information from datasets that may not have been designed for the specific colonoscopy downstream task. E.g. using a bowel prep grading dataset for a polyp classification task. Our experiments show this approach can perform multiple colonoscopy data augmentations, which improve the downstream polyp classification performance over baseline and comparison methods by up to 6%.      
