# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 11 May 2022
### 1.Reduce Information Loss in Transformers for Pluralistic Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05076.pdf)
>  Transformers have achieved great success in pluralistic image inpainting recently. However, we find existing transformer based solutions regard each pixel as a token, thus suffer from information loss issue from two aspects: 1) They downsample the input image into much lower resolutions for efficiency consideration, incurring information loss and extra misalignment for the boundaries of masked regions. 2) They quantize $256^3$ RGB pixels to a small number (such as 512) of quantized pixels. The indices of quantized pixels are used as tokens for the inputs and prediction targets of transformer. Although an extra CNN network is used to upsample and refine the low-resolution results, it is difficult to retrieve the lost information <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://back.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> keep input information as much as possible, we propose a new transformer based framework "PUT". Specifically, to avoid input downsampling while maintaining the computation efficiency, we design a patch-based auto-encoder P-VQVAE, where the encoder converts the masked image into non-overlapped patch tokens and the decoder recovers the masked regions from inpainted tokens while keeping the unmasked regions unchanged. To eliminate the information loss caused by quantization, an Un-Quantized Transformer (UQ-Transformer) is applied, which directly takes the features from P-VQVAE encoder as input without quantization and regards the quantized tokens only as prediction targets. Extensive experiments show that PUT greatly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on image fidelity, especially for large masked regions and complex large-scale datasets.      
### 2.Learning Visual Styles from Audio-Visual Associations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05072.pdf)
>  From the patter of rain to the crunch of snow, the sounds we hear often convey the visual textures that appear within a scene. In this paper, we present a method for learning visual styles from unlabeled audio-visual data. Our model learns to manipulate the texture of a scene to match a sound, a problem we term audio-driven image stylization. Given a dataset of paired audio-visual data, we learn to modify input images such that, after manipulation, they are more likely to co-occur with a given input sound. In quantitative and qualitative evaluations, our sound-based model outperforms label-based approaches. We also show that audio can be an intuitive representation for manipulating images, as adjusting a sound's volume or mixing two sounds together results in predictable changes to visual style. Project webpage: https://tinglok.netlify.app/files/avstyle      
### 3.Accelerating the Training of Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05069.pdf)
>  Despite that convolution neural networks (CNN) have recently demonstrated high-quality reconstruction for video super-resolution (VSR), efficiently training competitive VSR models remains a challenging problem. It usually takes an order of magnitude more time than training their counterpart image models, leading to long research cycles. Existing VSR methods typically train models with fixed spatial and temporal sizes from beginning to end. The fixed sizes are usually set to large values for good performance, resulting to slow training. However, is such a rigid training strategy necessary for VSR? In this work, we show that it is possible to gradually train video models from small to large spatial/temporal sizes, i.e., in an easy-to-hard manner. In particular, the whole training is divided into several stages and the earlier stage has smaller training spatial shape. Inside each stage, the temporal size also varies from short to long while the spatial size remains unchanged. Training is accelerated by such a multigrid training strategy, as most of computation is performed on smaller spatial and shorter temporal shapes. For further acceleration with GPU parallelization, we also investigate the large minibatch training without the loss in accuracy. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method is capable of largely speeding up training (up to $6.2\times$ speedup in wall-clock training time) without performance drop for various VSR models. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TencentARC/Efficient-VSR-Training" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Metric Learning based Interactive Modulation for Real-World Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05065.pdf)
>  Interactive image restoration aims to restore images by adjusting several controlling coefficients, which determine the restoration strength. Existing methods are restricted in learning the controllable functions under the supervision of known degradation types and levels. They usually suffer from a severe performance drop when the real degradation is different from their assumptions. Such a limitation is due to the complexity of real-world degradations, which can not provide explicit supervision to the interactive modulation during training. However, how to realize the interactive modulation in real-world super-resolution has not yet been studied. In this work, we present a Metric Learning based Interactive Modulation for Real-World Super-Resolution (MM-RealSR). Specifically, we propose an unsupervised degradation estimation strategy to estimate the degradation level in real-world scenarios. Instead of using known degradation levels as explicit supervision to the interactive mechanism, we propose a metric learning strategy to map the unquantifiable degradation levels in real-world scenarios to a metric space, which is trained in an unsupervised manner. Moreover, we introduce an anchor point strategy in the metric learning process to normalize the distribution of metric space. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed MM-RealSR achieves excellent modulation and restoration performance in real-world super-resolution. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TencentARC/MM-RealSR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Classification and mapping of low-statured 'shrubland' cover types in post-agricultural landscapes of the US Northeast  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05047.pdf)
>  Context: Novel plant communities reshape landscapes and pose challenges for land cover classification and mapping that can constrain research and stewardship efforts. In the US Northeast, emergence of low-statured woody vegetation, or 'shrublands', instead of secondary forests in post-agricultural landscapes is well-documented by field studies, but poorly understood from a landscape perspective, which limits the ability to systematically study and manage these lands. Objectives: To address gaps in classification/mapping of low-statured cover types where they have been historically rare, we developed models to predict 'shrubland' distributions at 30m resolution across New York State (NYS), using machine learning and model ensembling techniques to integrate remote sensing of structural (airborne LIDAR) and optical (satellite imagery) properties of vegetation cover. We first classified a 1m canopy height model (CHM), derived from a "patchwork" of available LIDAR coverages, to define shrubland presence/absence. Next, these non-contiguous maps were used to train a model ensemble based on temporally-segmented imagery to predict 'shrubland' probability for the entire study landscape (NYS). Results: Approximately 2.5% of the CHM coverage area was classified as shrubland. Models using Landsat predictors trained on the classified CHM were effective at identifying shrubland (test set AUC=0.893, real-world AUC=0.904), in discriminating between shrub/young forest and other cover classes, and produced qualitatively sensible maps, even when extending beyond the original training data. Conclusions: After ground-truthing, we expect these shrubland maps and models will have many research and stewardship applications including wildlife conservation, invasive species mitigation and natural climate solutions.      
### 6.Learning to Answer Visual Questions from Web Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05019.pdf)
>  Recent methods for visual question answering rely on large-scale annotated datasets. Manual annotation of questions and answers for videos, however, is tedious, expensive and prevents scalability. In this work, we propose to avoid manual annotation and generate a large-scale training dataset for video question answering making use of automatic cross-modal supervision. We leverage a question generation transformer trained on text data and use it to generate question-answer pairs from transcribed video narrations. Given narrated videos, we then automatically generate the HowToVQA69M dataset with 69M video-question-answer triplets. To handle the open vocabulary of diverse answers in this dataset, we propose a training procedure based on a contrastive loss between a video-question multi-modal transformer and an answer transformer. We introduce the zero-shot VideoQA task and the VideoQA feature probe evaluation setting and show excellent results, in particular for rare answers. Furthermore, our method achieves competitive results on MSRVTT-QA, ActivityNet-QA, MSVD-QA and How2QA datasets. We also show that our VideoQA dataset generation approach generalizes to another source of web video and text data. We use our method to generate the WebVidVQA3M dataset from the WebVid dataset, i.e., videos with alt-text annotations, and show its benefits for training VideoQA models. Finally, for a detailed evaluation we introduce iVQA, a new VideoQA dataset with reduced language bias and high-quality manual annotations. Code, datasets and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://antoyang.github.io/just-ask.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 7.KeypointNeRF: Generalizing Image-based Volumetric Avatars using Relative Spatial Encoding of Keypoints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04992.pdf)
>  Image-based volumetric avatars using pixel-aligned features promise generalization to unseen poses and identities. Prior work leverages global spatial encodings and multi-view geometric consistency to reduce spatial ambiguity. However, global encodings often suffer from overfitting to the distribution of the training data, and it is difficult to learn multi-view consistent reconstruction from sparse views. In this work, we investigate common issues with existing spatial encodings and propose a simple yet highly effective approach to modeling high-fidelity volumetric avatars from sparse views. One of the key ideas is to encode relative spatial 3D information via sparse 3D keypoints. This approach is robust to the sparsity of viewpoints and cross-dataset domain gap. Our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods for head reconstruction. On human body reconstruction for unseen subjects, we also achieve performance comparable to prior work that uses a parametric human body model and temporal feature aggregation. Our experiments show that a majority of errors in prior work stem from an inappropriate choice of spatial encoding and thus we suggest a new direction for high-fidelity image-based avatar modeling. <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://markomih.github.io/KeypointNeRF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 8.Transformer-based Cross-Modal Recipe Embeddings with Large Batch Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04948.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a cross-modal recipe retrieval framework, Transformer-based Network for Large Batch Training (TNLBT), which is inspired by ACME~(Adversarial Cross-Modal Embedding) and H-T~(Hierarchical Transformer). TNLBT aims to accomplish retrieval tasks while generating images from recipe embeddings. We apply the Hierarchical Transformer-based recipe text encoder, the Vision Transformer~(ViT)-based recipe image encoder, and an adversarial network architecture to enable better cross-modal embedding learning for recipe texts and images. In addition, we use self-supervised learning to exploit the rich information in the recipe texts having no corresponding images. Since contrastive learning could benefit from a larger batch size according to the recent literature on self-supervised learning, we adopt a large batch size during training and have validated its effectiveness. In the experiments, the proposed framework significantly outperformed the current state-of-the-art frameworks in both cross-modal recipe retrieval and image generation tasks on the benchmark Recipe1M. This is the first work which confirmed the effectiveness of large batch training on cross-modal recipe embeddings.      
### 9.Shadow-Aware Dynamic Convolution for Shadow Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04908.pdf)
>  With a wide range of shadows in many collected images, shadow removal has aroused increasing attention since uncontaminated images are of vital importance for many downstream multimedia tasks. Current methods consider the same convolution operations for both shadow and non-shadow regions while ignoring the large gap between the color mappings for the shadow region and the non-shadow region, leading to poor quality of reconstructed images and a heavy computation burden. To solve this problem, this paper introduces a novel plug-and-play Shadow-Aware Dynamic Convolution (SADC) module to decouple the interdependence between the shadow region and the non-shadow region. Inspired by the fact that the color mapping of the non-shadow region is easier to learn, our SADC processes the non-shadow region with a lightweight convolution module in a computationally cheap manner and recovers the shadow region with a more complicated convolution module to ensure the quality of image reconstruction. Given that the non-shadow region often contains more background color information, we further develop a novel intra-convolution distillation loss to strengthen the information flow from the non-shadow region to the shadow region. Extensive experiments on the ISTD and SRD datasets show our method achieves better performance in shadow removal over many state-of-the-arts. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xuyimin0926/SADC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Learning Non-target Knowledge for Few-shot Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04903.pdf)
>  Existing studies in few-shot semantic segmentation only focus on mining the target object information, however, often are hard to tell ambiguous regions, especially in non-target regions, which include background (BG) and Distracting Objects (DOs). To alleviate this problem, we propose a novel framework, namely Non-Target Region Eliminating (NTRE) network, to explicitly mine and eliminate BG and DO regions in the query. First, a BG Mining Module (BGMM) is proposed to extract the BG region via learning a general BG prototype. To this end, we design a BG loss to supervise the learning of BGMM only using the known target object segmentation ground truth. Then, a BG Eliminating Module and a DO Eliminating Module are proposed to successively filter out the BG and DO information from the query feature, based on which we can obtain a BG and DO-free target object segmentation result. Furthermore, we propose a prototypical contrastive learning algorithm to improve the model ability of distinguishing the target object from DOs. Extensive experiments on both PASCAL-5i and COCO-20i datasets show that our approach is effective despite its simplicity.      
### 11.Identical Image Retrieval using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04883.pdf)
>  In recent years, we know that the interaction with images has increased. Image similarity involves fetching similar-looking images abiding by a given reference image. The target is to find out whether the image searched as a query can result in similar pictures. We are using the BigTransfer Model, which is a state-of-art model itself. BigTransfer(BiT) is essentially a ResNet but pre-trained on a larger dataset like ImageNet and ImageNet-21k with additional modifications. Using the fine-tuned pre-trained Convolution Neural Network Model, we extract the key features and train on the K-Nearest Neighbor model to obtain the nearest neighbor. The application of our model is to find similar images, which are hard to achieve through text queries within a low inference time. We analyse the benchmark of our model based on this application.      
### 12.Assessing Streamline Plausibility Through Randomized Iterative Spherical-Deconvolution Informed Tractogram Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04843.pdf)
>  Tractography has become an indispensable part of brain connectivity studies. However, it is currently facing problems with reliability. In particular, a substantial amount of nerve fiber reconstructions (streamlines) in tractograms produced by state-of-the-art tractography methods are anatomically implausible. To address this problem, tractogram filtering methods have been developed to remove faulty connections in a postprocessing step. This study takes a closer look at one such method, \textit{Spherical-deconvolution Informed Filtering of Tractograms} (SIFT), which uses a global optimization approach to improve the agreement between the remaining streamlines after filtering and the underlying diffusion magnetic resonance imaging data. SIFT is not suitable to judge the plausibility of individual streamlines since its results depend on the size and composition of the surrounding tractogram. To tackle this problem, we propose applying SIFT to randomly selected tractogram subsets in order to retrieve multiple assessments for each streamline. This approach makes it possible to identify streamlines with very consistent filtering results, which were used as pseudo ground truths for training classifiers. The trained classifier is able to distinguish the obtained groups of plausible and implausible streamlines with accuracy above 80%. The software code used in the paper and pretrained weights of the classifier are distributed freely via the Github repository <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/djoerch/randomised_filtering" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Object Detection in Indian Food Platters using Transfer Learning with YOLOv4  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04841.pdf)
>  Object detection is a well-known problem in computer vision. Despite this, its usage and pervasiveness in the traditional Indian food dishes has been limited. Particularly, recognizing Indian food dishes present in a single photo is challenging due to three reasons: 1. Lack of annotated Indian food datasets 2. Non-distinct boundaries between the dishes 3. High intra-class variation. We solve these issues by providing a comprehensively labelled Indian food dataset- IndianFood10, which contains 10 food classes that appear frequently in a staple Indian meal and using transfer learning with YOLOv4 object detector model. Our model is able to achieve an overall mAP score of 91.8% and f1-score of 0.90 for our 10 class dataset. We also provide an extension of our 10 class dataset- IndianFood20, which contains 10 more traditional Indian food classes.      
### 14.The Impact of Partial Occlusion on Pedestrian Detectability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04812.pdf)
>  Robust detection of vulnerable road users is a safety critical requirement for the deployment of autonomous vehicles in heterogeneous traffic. One of the most complex outstanding challenges is that of partial occlusion where a target object is only partially available to the sensor due to obstruction by another foreground object. A number of leading pedestrian detection benchmarks provide annotation for partial occlusion, however each benchmark varies greatly in their definition of the occurrence and severity of occlusion. Recent research demonstrates that a high degree of subjectivity is used to classify occlusion level in these cases and occlusion is typically categorized into 2 to 3 broad categories such as partially and heavily occluded. This can lead to inaccurate or inconsistent reporting of pedestrian detection model performance depending on which benchmark is used. This research introduces a novel, objective benchmark for partially occluded pedestrian detection to facilitate the objective characterization of pedestrian detection models. Characterization is carried out on seven popular pedestrian detection models for a range of occlusion levels from 0-99%. Results demonstrate that pedestrian detection performance degrades, and the number of false negative detections increase as pedestrian occlusion level increases. Of the seven popular pedestrian detection routines characterized, CenterNet has the greatest overall performance, followed by SSDlite. RetinaNet has the lowest overall detection performance across the range of occlusion levels.      
### 15.Non-Isometric Shape Matching via Functional Maps on Landmark-Adapted Bases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04800.pdf)
>  We propose a principled approach for non-isometric landmark-preserving non-rigid shape matching. Our method is based on the functional maps framework, but rather than promoting isometries we focus instead on near-conformal maps that preserve landmarks exactly. We achieve this, first, by introducing a novel landmark-adapted basis using an intrinsic Dirichlet-Steklov eigenproblem. Second, we establish the functional decomposition of conformal maps expressed in this basis. Finally, we formulate a conformally-invariant energy that promotes high-quality landmark-preserving maps, and show how it can be solved via a variant of the recently proposed ZoomOut method that we extend to our setting. Our method is descriptor-free, efficient and robust to significant mesh variability. We evaluate our approach on a range of benchmark datasets and demonstrate state-of-the-art performance on non-isometric benchmarks and near state-of-the-art performance on isometric ones.      
### 16.Domain Invariant Masked Autoencoders for Self-supervised Learning from Multi-domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04771.pdf)
>  Generalizing learned representations across significantly different visual domains is a fundamental yet crucial ability of the human visual system. While recent self-supervised learning methods have achieved good performances with evaluation set on the same domain as the training set, they will have an undesirable performance decrease when tested on a different domain. Therefore, the self-supervised learning from multiple domains task is proposed to learn domain-invariant features that are not only suitable for evaluation on the same domain as the training set but also can be generalized to unseen domains. In this paper, we propose a Domain-invariant Masked AutoEncoder (DiMAE) for self-supervised learning from multi-domains, which designs a new pretext task, \emph{i.e.,} the cross-domain reconstruction task, to learn domain-invariant features. The core idea is to augment the input image with style noise from different domains and then reconstruct the image from the embedding of the augmented image, regularizing the encoder to learn domain-invariant features. To accomplish the idea, DiMAE contains two critical designs, 1) content-preserved style mix, which adds style information from other domains to input while persevering the content in a parameter-free manner, and 2) multiple domain-specific decoders, which recovers the corresponding domain style of input to the encoded domain-invariant features for reconstruction. Experiments on PACS and DomainNet illustrate that DiMAE achieves considerable gains compared with recent state-of-the-art methods.      
### 17.WG-VITON: Wearing-Guide Virtual Try-On for Top and Bottom Clothes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04759.pdf)
>  Studies of virtual try-on (VITON) have been shown their effectiveness in utilizing the generative neural network for virtually exploring fashion products, and some of recent researches of VITON attempted to synthesize human image wearing given multiple types of garments (e.g., top and bottom clothes). However, when replacing the top and bottom clothes of the target human, numerous wearing styles are possible with a certain combination of the clothes. In this paper, we address the problem of variation in wearing style when simultaneously replacing the top and bottom clothes of the model. We introduce Wearing-Guide VITON (i.e., WG-VITON) which utilizes an additional input binary mask to control the wearing styles of the generated image. Our experiments show that WG-VITON effectively generates an image of the model wearing given top and bottom clothes, and create complicated wearing styles such as partly tucking in the top to the bottom      
### 18.Spatio-Temporal Transformer for Dynamic Facial Expression Recognition in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04749.pdf)
>  Previous methods for dynamic facial expression in the wild are mainly based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), whose local operations ignore the long-range dependencies in videos. To solve this problem, we propose the spatio-temporal Transformer (STT) to capture discriminative features within each frame and model contextual relationships among frames. Spatio-temporal dependencies are captured and integrated by our unified Transformer. Specifically, given an image sequence consisting of multiple frames as input, we utilize the CNN backbone to translate each frame into a visual feature sequence. Subsequently, the spatial attention and the temporal attention within each block are jointly applied for learning spatio-temporal representations at the sequence level. In addition, we propose the compact softmax cross entropy loss to further encourage the learned features have the minimum intra-class distance and the maximum inter-class distance. Experiments on two in-the-wild dynamic facial expression datasets (i.e., DFEW and AFEW) indicate that our method provides an effective way to make use of the spatial and temporal dependencies for dynamic facial expression recognition. The source code and the training logs will be made publicly available.      
### 19.Weakly-supervised segmentation of referring expressions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04725.pdf)
>  Visual grounding localizes regions (boxes or segments) in the image corresponding to given referring expressions. In this work we address image segmentation from referring expressions, a problem that has so far only been addressed in a fully-supervised setting. A fully-supervised setup, however, requires pixel-wise supervision and is hard to scale given the expense of manual annotation. We therefore introduce a new task of weakly-supervised image segmentation from referring expressions and propose Text grounded semantic SEGgmentation (TSEG) that learns segmentation masks directly from image-level referring expressions without pixel-level annotations. Our transformer-based method computes patch-text similarities and guides the classification objective during training with a new multi-label patch assignment mechanism. The resulting visual grounding model segments image regions corresponding to given natural language expressions. Our approach TSEG demonstrates promising results for weakly-supervised referring expression segmentation on the challenging PhraseCut and RefCOCO datasets. TSEG also shows competitive performance when evaluated in a zero-shot setting for semantic segmentation on Pascal VOC.      
### 20.An asynchronous event-based algorithm for periodic signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04691.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a simple event-oriented algorithm for detection of pixel-size signals with a known frequency, by the novel technology of an event camera. In addition, we analyze the ability of the algorithm to filter out the desired periodic signals from random fluctuations. We demonstrate this ability and show how the algorithm can distinguish, during twilight, between the signals of a streetlight that flicker with frequency of 100 Hz, and sun glitter originating from windows in far-away buildings in the field of view.      
### 21.OTFPF: Optimal Transport-Based Feature Pyramid Fusion Network for Brain Age Estimation with 3D Overlapped ConvNeXt  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04684.pdf)
>  Chronological age of healthy brain is able to be predicted using deep neural networks from T1-weighted magnetic resonance images (T1 MRIs), and the predicted brain age could serve as an effective biomarker for detecting aging-related diseases or disorders. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end neural network architecture, referred to as optimal transport based feature pyramid fusion (OTFPF) network, for the brain age estimation with T1 MRIs. The OTFPF consists of three types of modules: Optimal Transport based Feature Pyramid Fusion (OTFPF) module, 3D overlapped ConvNeXt (3D OL-ConvNeXt) module and fusion module. These modules strengthen the OTFPF network's understanding of each brain's semi-multimodal and multi-level feature pyramid information, and significantly improve its estimation performances. Comparing with recent state-of-the-art models, the proposed OTFPF converges faster and performs better. The experiments with 11,728 MRIs aged 3-97 years show that OTFPF network could provide accurate brain age estimation, yielding mean absolute error (MAE) of 2.097, Pearson's correlation coefficient (PCC) of 0.993 and Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (SRCC) of 0.989, between the estimated and chronological ages. Widespread quantitative experiments and ablation experiments demonstrate the superiority and rationality of OTFPF network. The codes and implement details will be released on GitHub: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZJU-Brain/OTFPF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> after final decision.      
### 22.UNITS: Unsupervised Intermediate Training Stage for Scene Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04683.pdf)
>  Recent scene text detection methods are almost based on deep learning and data-driven. Synthetic data is commonly adopted for pre-training due to expensive annotation cost. However, there are obvious domain discrepancies between synthetic data and real-world data. It may lead to sub-optimal performance to directly adopt the model initialized by synthetic data in the fine-tuning stage. In this paper, we propose a new training paradigm for scene text detection, which introduces an \textbf{UN}supervised \textbf{I}ntermediate \textbf{T}raining \textbf{S}tage (UNITS) that builds a buffer path to real-world data and can alleviate the gap between the pre-training stage and fine-tuning stage. Three training strategies are further explored to perceive information from real-world data in an unsupervised way. With UNITS, scene text detectors are improved without introducing any parameters and computations during inference. Extensive experimental results show consistent performance improvements on three public datasets.      
### 23.Spatial Monitoring and Insect Behavioural Analysis Using Computer Vision for Precision Pollination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04675.pdf)
>  Insects are the most important global pollinator of crops and play a key role in maintaining the sustainability of natural ecosystems. Insect pollination monitoring and management are therefore essential for improving crop production and food security. Computer vision facilitated pollinator monitoring can intensify data collection over what is feasible using manual approaches. The new data it generates may provide a detailed understanding of insect distributions and facilitate fine-grained analysis sufficient to predict their pollination efficacy and underpin precision pollination. Current computer vision facilitated insect tracking in complex outdoor environments is restricted in spatial coverage and often constrained to a single insect species. This limits its relevance to agriculture. Therefore, in this article we introduce a novel system to facilitate markerless data capture for insect counting, insect motion tracking, behaviour analysis and pollination prediction across large agricultural areas. Our system is comprised of Edge Computing multi-point video recording, offline automated multi-species insect counting, tracking and behavioural analysis. We implement and test our system on a commercial berry farm to demonstrate its capabilities. Our system successfully tracked four insect varieties, at nine monitoring stations within a poly-tunnel, obtaining an F-score above 0.8 for each variety. The system enabled calculation of key metrics to assess the relative pollination impact of each insect variety. With this technological advancement, detailed, ongoing data collection for precision pollination becomes achievable. This is important to inform growers and apiarists managing crop pollination, as it allows data-driven decisions to be made to improve food production and food security.      
### 24.STDC-MA Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04639.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is applied extensively in autonomous driving and intelligent transportation with methods that highly demand spatial and semantic information. Here, an STDC-MA network is proposed to meet these demands. First, the STDC-Seg structure is employed in STDC-MA to ensure a lightweight and efficient structure. Subsequently, the feature alignment module (FAM) is applied to understand the offset between high-level and low-level features, solving the problem of pixel offset related to upsampling on the high-level feature map. Our approach implements the effective fusion between high-level features and low-level features. A hierarchical multiscale attention mechanism is adopted to reveal the relationship among attention regions from two different input sizes of one image. Through this relationship, regions receiving much attention are integrated into the segmentation results, thereby reducing the unfocused regions of the input image and improving the effective utilization of multiscale features. STDC- MA maintains the segmentation speed as an STDC-Seg network while improving the segmentation accuracy of small objects. STDC-MA was verified on the verification set of Cityscapes. The segmentation result of STDC-MA attained 76.81% mIOU with the input of 0.5x scale, 3.61% higher than STDC-Seg.      
### 25.Using Frequency Attention to Make Adversarial Patch Powerful Against Person Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04638.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to adversarial attacks. In particular, object detectors may be attacked by applying a particular adversarial patch to the image. However, because the patch shrinks during preprocessing, most existing approaches that employ adversarial patches to attack object detectors would diminish the attack success rate on small and medium targets. This paper proposes a Frequency Module(FRAN), a frequency-domain attention module for guiding patch generation. This is the first study to introduce frequency domain attention to optimize the attack capabilities of adversarial patches. Our method increases the attack success rates of small and medium targets by 4.18% and 3.89%, respectively, over the state-of-the-art attack method for fooling the human detector while assaulting YOLOv3 without reducing the attack success rate of big targets.      
### 26.KEMP: Keyframe-Based Hierarchical End-to-End Deep Model for Long-Term Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04624.pdf)
>  Predicting future trajectories of road agents is a critical task for autonomous driving. Recent goal-based trajectory prediction methods, such as DenseTNT and PECNet, have shown good performance on prediction tasks on public datasets. However, they usually require complicated goal-selection algorithms and optimization. In this work, we propose KEMP, a hierarchical end-to-end deep learning framework for trajectory prediction. At the core of our framework is keyframe-based trajectory prediction, where keyframes are representative states that trace out the general direction of the trajectory. KEMP first predicts keyframes conditioned on the road context, and then fills in intermediate states conditioned on the keyframes and the road context. Under our general framework, goal-conditioned methods are special cases in which the number of keyframes equal to one. Unlike goal-conditioned methods, our keyframe predictor is learned automatically and does not require hand-crafted goal-selection algorithms. We evaluate our model on public benchmarks and our model ranked 1st on Waymo Open Motion Dataset Leaderboard (as of September 1, 2021).      
### 27.CoDo: Contrastive Learning with Downstream Background Invariance for Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04617.pdf)
>  The prior self-supervised learning researches mainly select image-level instance discrimination as pretext task. It achieves a fantastic classification performance that is comparable to supervised learning methods. However, with degraded transfer performance on downstream tasks such as object detection. To bridge the performance gap, we propose a novel object-level self-supervised learning method, called Contrastive learning with Downstream background invariance (CoDo). The pretext task is converted to focus on instance location modeling for various backgrounds, especially for downstream datasets. The ability of background invariance is considered vital for object detection. Firstly, a data augmentation strategy is proposed to paste the instances onto background images, and then jitter the bounding box to involve background information. Secondly, we implement architecture alignment between our pretraining network and the mainstream detection pipelines. Thirdly, hierarchical and multi views contrastive learning is designed to improve performance of visual representation learning. Experiments on MSCOCO demonstrate that the proposed CoDo with common backbones, ResNet50-FPN, yields strong transfer learning results for object detection.      
### 28.When does dough become a bagel? Analyzing the remaining mistakes on ImageNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04596.pdf)
>  Image classification accuracy on the ImageNet dataset has been a barometer for progress in computer vision over the last decade. Several recent papers have questioned the degree to which the benchmark remains useful to the community, yet innovations continue to contribute gains to performance, with today's largest models achieving 90%+ top-1 accuracy. To help contextualize progress on ImageNet and provide a more meaningful evaluation for today's state-of-the-art models, we manually review and categorize every remaining mistake that a few top models make in order to provide insight into the long-tail of errors on one of the most benchmarked datasets in computer vision. We focus on the multi-label subset evaluation of ImageNet, where today's best models achieve upwards of 97% top-1 accuracy. Our analysis reveals that nearly half of the supposed mistakes are not mistakes at all, and we uncover new valid multi-labels, demonstrating that, without careful review, we are significantly underestimating the performance of these models. On the other hand, we also find that today's best models still make a significant number of mistakes (40%) that are obviously wrong to human reviewers. To calibrate future progress on ImageNet, we provide an updated multi-label evaluation set, and we curate ImageNet-Major: a 68-example "major error" slice of the obvious mistakes made by today's top models -- a slice where models should achieve near perfection, but today are far from doing so.      
### 29.Is my Depth Ground-Truth Good Enough? HAMMER -- Highly Accurate Multi-Modal Dataset for DEnse 3D Scene Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04565.pdf)
>  Depth estimation is a core task in 3D computer vision. Recent methods investigate the task of monocular depth trained with various depth sensor modalities. Every sensor has its advantages and drawbacks caused by the nature of estimates. In the literature, mostly mean average error of the depth is investigated and sensor capabilities are typically not discussed. Especially indoor environments, however, pose challenges for some devices. Textureless regions pose challenges for structure from motion, reflective materials are problematic for active sensing, and distances for translucent material are intricate to measure with existing sensors. This paper proposes HAMMER, a dataset comprising depth estimates from multiple commonly used sensors for indoor depth estimation, namely ToF, stereo, structured light together with monocular RGB+P data. We construct highly reliable ground truth depth maps with the help of 3D scanners and aligned renderings. A popular depth estimators is trained on this data and typical depth senosors. The estimates are extensively analyze on different scene structures. We notice generalization issues arising from various sensor technologies in household environments with challenging but everyday scene content. HAMMER, which we make publicly available, provides a reliable base to pave the way to targeted depth improvements and sensor fusion approaches.      
### 30.Image2Gif: Generating Continuous Realistic Animations with Warping NODEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04519.pdf)
>  Generating smooth animations from a limited number of sequential observations has a number of applications in vision. For example, it can be used to increase number of frames per second, or generating a new trajectory only based on first and last frames, e.g. a motion of face emotions. Despite the discrete observed data (frames), the problem of generating a new trajectory is a continues problem. In addition, to be perceptually realistic, the domain of an image should not alter drastically through the trajectory of changes. In this paper, we propose a new framework, Warping Neural ODE, for generating a smooth animation (video frame interpolation) in a continuous manner, given two ("farther apart") frames, denoting the start and the end of the animation. The key feature of our framework is utilizing the continuous spatial transformation of the image based on the vector field, derived from a system of differential equations. This allows us to achieve the smoothness and the realism of an animation with infinitely small time steps between the frames. We show the application of our work in generating an animation given two frames, in different training settings, including Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and with $L_2$ loss.      
### 31.Multiview Stereo with Cascaded Epipolar RAFT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04502.pdf)
>  We address multiview stereo (MVS), an important 3D vision task that reconstructs a 3D model such as a dense point cloud from multiple calibrated images. We propose CER-MVS (Cascaded Epipolar RAFT Multiview Stereo), a new approach based on the RAFT (Recurrent All-Pairs Field Transforms) architecture developed for optical flow. CER-MVS introduces five new changes to RAFT: epipolar cost volumes, cost volume cascading, multiview fusion of cost volumes, dynamic supervision, and multiresolution fusion of depth maps. CER-MVS is significantly different from prior work in multiview stereo. Unlike prior work, which operates by updating a 3D cost volume, CER-MVS operates by updating a disparity field. Furthermore, we propose an adaptive thresholding method to balance the completeness and accuracy of the reconstructed point clouds. Experiments show that our approach achieves competitive performance on DTU (the second best among known results) and state-of-the-art performance on the Tanks-and-Temples benchmark (both the intermediate and advanced set). Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/princeton-vl/CER-MVS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 32.Using Deep Learning-based Features Extracted from CT scans to Predict Outcomes in COVID-19 Patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05009.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic has had a considerable impact on day-to-day life. Tackling the disease by providing the necessary resources to the affected is of paramount importance. However, estimation of the required resources is not a trivial task given the number of factors which determine the requirement. This issue can be addressed by predicting the probability that an infected patient requires Intensive Care Unit (ICU) support and the importance of each of the factors that influence it. Moreover, to assist the doctors in determining the patients at high risk of fatality, the probability of death is also calculated. For determining both the patient outcomes (ICU admission and death), a novel methodology is proposed by combining multi-modal features, extracted from Computed Tomography (CT) scans and Electronic Health Record (EHR) data. Deep learning models are leveraged to extract quantitative features from CT scans. These features combined with those directly read from the EHR database are fed into machine learning models to eventually output the probabilities of patient outcomes. This work demonstrates both the ability to apply a broad set of deep learning methods for general quantification of Chest CT scans and the ability to link these quantitative metrics to patient outcomes. The effectiveness of the proposed method is shown by testing it on an internally curated dataset, achieving a mean area under Receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 0.77 on ICU admission prediction and a mean AUC of 0.73 on death prediction using the best performing classifiers.      
### 33.Disentangling A Single MR Modality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04982.pdf)
>  Disentangling anatomical and contrast information from medical images has gained attention recently, demonstrating benefits for various image analysis tasks. Current methods learn disentangled representations using either paired multi-modal images with the same underlying anatomy or auxiliary labels (e.g., manual delineations) to provide inductive bias for disentanglement. However, these requirements could significantly increase the time and cost in data collection and limit the applicability of these methods when such data are not available. Moreover, these methods generally do not guarantee disentanglement. In this paper, we present a novel framework that learns theoretically and practically superior disentanglement from single modality magnetic resonance images. Moreover, we propose a new information-based metric to quantitatively evaluate disentanglement. Comparisons over existing disentangling methods demonstrate that the proposed method achieves superior performance in both disentanglement and cross-domain image-to-image translation tasks.      
### 34.NeRF-Editing: Geometry Editing of Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04978.pdf)
>  Implicit neural rendering, especially Neural Radiance Field (NeRF), has shown great potential in novel view synthesis of a scene. However, current NeRF-based methods cannot enable users to perform user-controlled shape deformation in the scene. While existing works have proposed some approaches to modify the radiance field according to the user's constraints, the modification is limited to color editing or object translation and rotation. In this paper, we propose a method that allows users to perform controllable shape deformation on the implicit representation of the scene, and synthesizes the novel view images of the edited scene without re-training the network. Specifically, we establish a correspondence between the extracted explicit mesh representation and the implicit neural representation of the target scene. Users can first utilize well-developed mesh-based deformation methods to deform the mesh representation of the scene. Our method then utilizes user edits from the mesh representation to bend the camera rays by introducing a tetrahedra mesh as a proxy, obtaining the rendering results of the edited scene. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our framework can achieve ideal editing results not only on synthetic data, but also on real scenes captured by users.      
### 35.A Closer Look at Blind Super-Resolution: Degradation Models, Baselines, and Performance Upper Bounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04910.pdf)
>  Degradation models play an important role in Blind super-resolution (SR). The classical degradation model, which mainly involves blur degradation, is too simple to simulate real-world scenarios. The recently proposed practical degradation model includes a full spectrum of degradation types, but only considers complex cases that use all degradation types in the degradation process, while ignoring many important corner cases that are common in the real world. To address this problem, we propose a unified gated degradation model to generate a broad set of degradation cases using a random gate controller. Based on the gated degradation model, we propose simple baseline networks that can effectively handle non-blind, classical, practical degradation cases as well as many other corner cases. To fairly evaluate the performance of our baseline networks against state-of-the-art methods and understand their limits, we introduce the performance upper bound of an SR network for every degradation type. Our empirical analysis shows that with the unified gated degradation model, the proposed baselines can achieve much better performance than existing methods in quantitative and qualitative results, which are close to the performance upper bounds.      
### 36.Hyperparameter optimization of hybrid quantum neural networks for car classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04878.pdf)
>  Image recognition is one of the primary applications of machine learning algorithms. Nevertheless, machine learning models used in modern image recognition systems consist of millions of parameters that usually require significant computational time to be adjusted. Moreover, adjustment of model hyperparameters leads to additional overhead. Because of this, new developments in machine learning models and hyperparameter optimization techniques are required. This paper presents a quantum-inspired hyperparameter optimization technique and a hybrid quantum-classical machine learning model for supervised learning. We benchmark our hyperparameter optimization method over standard black-box objective functions and observe performance improvements in the form of reduced expected run times and fitness in response to the growth in the size of the search space. We test our approaches in a car image classification task, and demonstrate a full-scale implementation of the hybrid quantum neural network model with the tensor train hyperparameter optimization. Our tests show a qualitative and quantitative advantage over the corresponding standard classical tabular grid search approach used with a deep neural network ResNet34. A classification accuracy of 0.97 was obtained by the hybrid model after 18 iterations, whereas the classical model achieved an accuracy of 0.92 after 75 iterations.      
### 37.MNet: Rethinking 2D/3D Networks for Anisotropic Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04846.pdf)
>  The nature of thick-slice scanning causes severe inter-slice discontinuities of 3D medical images, and the vanilla 2D/3D convolutional neural networks (CNNs) fail to represent sparse inter-slice information and dense intra-slice information in a balanced way, leading to severe underfitting to inter-slice features (for vanilla 2D CNNs) and overfitting to noise from long-range slices (for vanilla 3D CNNs). In this work, a novel mesh network (MNet) is proposed to balance the spatial representation inter axes via learning. 1) Our MNet latently fuses plenty of representation processes by embedding multi-dimensional convolutions deeply into basic modules, making the selections of representation processes flexible, thus balancing representation for sparse inter-slice information and dense intra-slice information adaptively. 2) Our MNet latently fuses multi-dimensional features inside each basic module, simultaneously taking the advantages of 2D (high segmentation accuracy of the easily recognized regions in 2D view) and 3D (high smoothness of 3D organ contour) representations, thus obtaining more accurate modeling for target regions. Comprehensive experiments are performed on four public datasets (CT\&amp;MR), the results consistently demonstrate the proposed MNet outperforms the other methods. The code and datasets are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zfdong-code/MNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 38.Self-supervised regression learning using domain knowledge: Applications to improving self-supervised denoising in imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04821.pdf)
>  Regression that predicts continuous quantity is a central part of applications using computational imaging and computer vision technologies. Yet, studying and understanding self-supervised learning for regression tasks - except for a particular regression task, image denoising - have lagged behind. This paper proposes a general self-supervised regression learning (SSRL) framework that enables learning regression neural networks with only input data (but without ground-truth target data), by using a designable pseudo-predictor that encapsulates domain knowledge of a specific application. The paper underlines the importance of using domain knowledge by showing that under different settings, the better pseudo-predictor can lead properties of SSRL closer to those of ordinary supervised learning. Numerical experiments for low-dose computational tomography denoising and camera image denoising demonstrate that proposed SSRL significantly improves the denoising quality over several existing self-supervised denoising methods.      
### 39.Explainable Deep Learning Methods in Medical Diagnosis: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04766.pdf)
>  The remarkable success of deep learning has prompted interest in its application to medical diagnosis. Even tough state-of-the-art deep learning models have achieved human-level accuracy on the classification of different types of medical data, these models are hardly adopted in clinical workflows, mainly due to their lack of interpretability. The black-box-ness of deep learning models has raised the need for devising strategies to explain the decision process of these models, leading to the creation of the topic of eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI). In this context, we provide a thorough survey of XAI applied to medical diagnosis, including visual, textual, and example-based explanation methods. Moreover, this work reviews the existing medical imaging datasets and the existing metrics for evaluating the quality of the explanations . Complementary to most existing surveys, we include a performance comparison among a set of report generation-based methods. Finally, the major challenges in applying XAI to medical imaging are also discussed.      
### 40.Robust Medical Image Classification from Noisy Labeled Data with Global and Local Representation Guided Co-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04723.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have achieved remarkable success in a wide variety of natural image and medical image computing tasks. However, these achievements indispensably rely on accurately annotated training data. If encountering some noisy-labeled images, the network training procedure would suffer from difficulties, leading to a sub-optimal classifier. This problem is even more severe in the medical image analysis field, as the annotation quality of medical images heavily relies on the expertise and experience of annotators. In this paper, we propose a novel collaborative training paradigm with global and local representation learning for robust medical image classification from noisy-labeled data to combat the lack of high quality annotated medical data. Specifically, we employ the self-ensemble model with a noisy label filter to efficiently select the clean and noisy samples. Then, the clean samples are trained by a collaborative training strategy to eliminate the disturbance from imperfect labeled samples. Notably, we further design a novel global and local representation learning scheme to implicitly regularize the networks to utilize noisy samples in a self-supervised manner. We evaluated our proposed robust learning strategy on four public medical image classification datasets with three types of label noise,ie,random noise, computer-generated label noise, and inter-observer variability noise. Our method outperforms other learning from noisy label methods and we also conducted extensive experiments to analyze each component of our method.      
### 41.Efficient Burst Raw Denoising with Variance Stabilization and Multi-frequency Denoising Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04721.pdf)
>  With the growing popularity of smartphones, capturing high-quality images is of vital importance to smartphones. The cameras of smartphones have small apertures and small sensor cells, which lead to the noisy images in low light environment. Denoising based on a burst of multiple frames generally outperforms single frame denoising but with the larger compututional cost. In this paper, we propose an efficient yet effective burst denoising system. We adopt a three-stage design: noise prior integration, multi-frame alignment and multi-frame denoising. First, we integrate noise prior by pre-processing raw signals into a variance-stabilization space, which allows using a small-scale network to achieve competitive performance. Second, we observe that it is essential to adopt an explicit alignment for burst denoising, but it is not necessary to integrate a learning-based method to perform multi-frame alignment. Instead, we resort to a conventional and efficient alignment method and combine it with our multi-frame denoising network. At last, we propose a denoising strategy that processes multiple frames sequentially. Sequential denoising avoids filtering a large number of frames by decomposing multiple frames denoising into several efficient sub-network denoising. As for each sub-network, we propose an efficient multi-frequency denoising network to remove noise of different frequencies. Our three-stage design is efficient and shows strong performance on burst denoising. Experiments on synthetic and real raw datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods, with less computational cost. Furthermore, the low complexity and high-quality performance make deployment on smartphones possible.      
### 42.Automatic Detection of Microaneurysms in OCT Images Using Bag of Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04695.pdf)
>  Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) caused by diabetes occurs as a result of changes in the retinal vessels and causes visual impairment. Microaneurysms (MAs) are the early clinical signs of DR, whose timely diagnosis can help detecting DR in the early stages of its development. It has been observed that MAs are more common in the inner retinal layers compared to the outer retinal layers in eyes suffering from DR. Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) is a noninvasive imaging technique that provides a cross-sectional view of the retina and it has been used in recent years to diagnose many eye diseases. As a result, in this paper has attempted to identify areas with MA from normal areas of the retina using OCT images. This work is done using the dataset collected from FA and OCT images of 20 patients with DR. In this regard, firstly Fluorescein Angiography (FA) and OCT images were registered. Then the MA and normal areas were separated and the features of each of these areas were extracted using the Bag of Features (BOF) approach with Speeded-Up Robust Feature (SURF) descriptor. Finally, the classification process was performed using a multilayer perceptron network. For each of the criteria of accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, and precision, the obtained results were 96.33%, 97.33%, 95.4%, and 95.28%, respectively. Utilizing OCT images to detect MAsautomatically is a new idea and the results obtained as preliminary research in this field are promising .      
### 43.How Does Frequency Bias Affect the Robustness of Neural Image Classifiers against Common Corruption and Adversarial Perturbations?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04533.pdf)
>  Model robustness is vital for the reliable deployment of machine learning models in real-world applications. Recent studies have shown that data augmentation can result in model over-relying on features in the low-frequency domain, sacrificing performance against low-frequency corruptions, highlighting a connection between frequency and robustness. Here, we take one step further to more directly study the frequency bias of a model through the lens of its Jacobians and its implication to model robustness. To achieve this, we propose Jacobian frequency regularization for models' Jacobians to have a larger ratio of low-frequency components. Through experiments on four image datasets, we show that biasing classifiers towards low (high)-frequency components can bring performance gain against high (low)-frequency corruption and adversarial perturbation, albeit with a tradeoff in performance for low (high)-frequency corruption. Our approach elucidates a more direct connection between the frequency bias and robustness of deep learning models.      
### 44.Surreal-GAN:Semi-Supervised Representation Learning via GAN for uncovering heterogeneous disease-related imaging patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04523.pdf)
>  A plethora of machine learning methods have been applied to imaging data, enabling the construction of clinically relevant imaging signatures of neurological and neuropsychiatric diseases. Oftentimes, such methods don't explicitly model the heterogeneity of disease effects, or approach it via nonlinear models that are not interpretable. Moreover, unsupervised methods may parse heterogeneity that is driven by nuisance confounding factors that affect brain structure or function, rather than heterogeneity relevant to a pathology of interest. On the other hand, semi-supervised clustering methods seek to derive a dichotomous subtype membership, ignoring the truth that disease heterogeneity spatially and temporally extends along a continuum. To address the aforementioned limitations, herein, we propose a novel method, termed Surreal-GAN (Semi-SUpeRvised ReprEsentAtion Learning via GAN). Using cross-sectional imaging data, Surreal-GAN dissects underlying disease-related heterogeneity under the principle of semi-supervised clustering (cluster mappings from normal control to patient), proposes a continuously dimensional representation, and infers the disease severity of patients at individual level along each dimension. The model first learns a transformation function from normal control (CN) domain to the patient (PT) domain with latent variables controlling transformation directions. An inverse mapping function together with regularization on function continuity, pattern orthogonality and monotonicity was also imposed to make sure that the transformation function captures necessarily meaningful imaging patterns with clinical significance. We first validated the model through extensive semi-synthetic experiments, and then demonstrate its potential in capturing biologically plausible imaging patterns in Alzheimer's disease (AD).      
### 45.Skin disease diagnosis using image analysis and natural language processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04468.pdf)
>  In Zambia, there is a serious shortage of medical staff where each practitioner attends to about 17000 patients in a given district while still, other patients travel over 10 km to access the basic medical services. In this research, we implement a deep learning model that can perform the clinical diagnosis process. The study will prove whether image analysis is capable of performing clinical diagnosis. It will also enable us to understand if we can use image analysis to lessen the workload on medical practitioners by delegating some tasks to an AI. The success of this study has the potential to increase the accessibility of medical services to Zambians, which is one of the national goals of Vision 2030.      
### 46.Differentiable Electron Microscopy Simulation: Methods and Applications for Visualization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.04464.pdf)
>  We propose a new microscopy simulation system that can depict atomistic models in a micrograph visual style, similar to results of physical electron microscopy imaging. This system is scalable, able to represent simulation of electron microscopy of tens of viral particles and synthesizes the image faster than previous methods. On top of that, the simulator is differentiable, both its deterministic as well as stochastic stages that form signal and noise representations in the micrograph. This notable property has the capability for solving inverse problems by means of optimization and thus allows for generation of microscopy simulations using the parameter settings estimated from real data. We demonstrate this learning capability through two applications: (1) estimating the parameters of the modulation transfer function defining the detector properties of the simulated and real micrographs, and (2) denoising the real data based on parameters trained from the simulated examples. While current simulators do not support any parameter estimation due to their forward design, we show that the results obtained using estimated parameters are very similar to the results of real micrographs. Additionally, we evaluate the denoising capabilities of our approach and show that the results showed an improvement over state-of-the-art methods. Denoised micrographs exhibit less noise in the tilt-series tomography reconstructions, ultimately reducing the visual dominance of noise in direct volume rendering of microscopy tomograms.      
