# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 26 May 2022
### 1.Inception Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12956.pdf)
>  Recent studies show that Transformer has strong capability of building long-range dependencies, yet is incompetent in capturing high frequencies that predominantly convey local information. To tackle this issue, we present a novel and general-purpose Inception Transformer, or iFormer for short, that effectively learns comprehensive features with both high- and low-frequency information in visual data. Specifically, we design an Inception mixer to explicitly graft the advantages of convolution and max-pooling for capturing the high-frequency information to Transformers. Different from recent hybrid frameworks, the Inception mixer brings greater efficiency through a channel splitting mechanism to adopt parallel convolution/max-pooling path and self-attention path as high- and low-frequency mixers, while having the flexibility to model discriminative information scattered within a wide frequency range. Considering that bottom layers play more roles in capturing high-frequency details while top layers more in modeling low-frequency global information, we further introduce a frequency ramp structure, i.e. gradually decreasing the dimensions fed to the high-frequency mixer and increasing those to the low-frequency mixer, which can effectively trade-off high- and low-frequency components across different layers. We benchmark the iFormer on a series of vision tasks, and showcase that it achieves impressive performance on image classification, COCO detection and ADE20K segmentation. For example, our iFormer-S hits the top-1 accuracy of 83.4% on ImageNet-1K, much higher than DeiT-S by 3.6%, and even slightly better than much bigger model Swin-B (83.3%) with only 1/4 parameters and 1/3 FLOPs. Code and models will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sail-sg/iFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Neural 3D Reconstruction in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12955.pdf)
>  We are witnessing an explosion of neural implicit representations in computer vision and graphics. Their applicability has recently expanded beyond tasks such as shape generation and image-based rendering to the fundamental problem of image-based 3D reconstruction. However, existing methods typically assume constrained 3D environments with constant illumination captured by a small set of roughly uniformly distributed cameras. We introduce a new method that enables efficient and accurate surface reconstruction from Internet photo collections in the presence of varying illumination. To achieve this, we propose a hybrid voxel- and surface-guided sampling technique that allows for more efficient ray sampling around surfaces and leads to significant improvements in reconstruction quality. Further, we present a new benchmark and protocol for evaluating reconstruction performance on such in-the-wild scenes. We perform extensive experiments, demonstrating that our approach surpasses both classical and neural reconstruction methods on a wide variety of metrics.      
### 3.Pretraining is All You Need for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12952.pdf)
>  We propose to use pretraining to boost general image-to-image translation. Prior image-to-image translation methods usually need dedicated architectural design and train individual translation models from scratch, struggling for high-quality generation of complex scenes, especially when paired training data are not abundant. In this paper, we regard each image-to-image translation problem as a downstream task and introduce a simple and generic framework that adapts a pretrained diffusion model to accommodate various kinds of image-to-image translation. We also propose adversarial training to enhance the texture synthesis in the diffusion model training, in conjunction with normalized guidance sampling to improve the generation quality. We present extensive empirical comparison across various tasks on challenging benchmarks such as ADE20K, COCO-Stuff, and DIODE, showing the proposed pretraining-based image-to-image translation (PITI) is capable of synthesizing images of unprecedented realism and faithfulness.      
### 4.Domain Adaptation for Object Detection using SE Adaptors and Center Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12923.pdf)
>  Despite growing interest in object detection, very few works address the extremely practical problem of cross-domain robustness especially for automative applications. In order to prevent drops in performance due to domain shift, we introduce an unsupervised domain adaptation method built on the foundation of faster-RCNN with two domain adaptation components addressing the shift at the instance and image levels respectively and apply a consistency regularization between them. We also introduce a family of adaptation layers that leverage the squeeze excitation mechanism called SE Adaptors to improve domain attention and thus improves performance without any prior requirement of knowledge of the new target domain. Finally, we incorporate a center loss in the instance and image level representations to improve the intra-class variance. We report all results with Cityscapes as our source domain and Foggy Cityscapes as the target domain outperforming previous baselines.      
### 5.A Low Memory Footprint Quantized Neural Network for Depth Completion of Very Sparse Time-of-Flight Depth Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12918.pdf)
>  Sparse active illumination enables precise time-of-flight depth sensing as it maximizes signal-to-noise ratio for low power budgets. However, depth completion is required to produce dense depth maps for 3D perception. We address this task with realistic illumination and sensor resolution constraints by simulating ToF datasets for indoor 3D perception with challenging sparsity levels. We propose a quantized convolutional encoder-decoder network for this task. Our model achieves optimal depth map quality by means of input pre-processing and carefully tuned training with a geometry-preserving loss function. We also achieve low memory footprint for weights and activations by means of mixed precision quantization-at-training techniques. The resulting quantized models are comparable to the state of the art in terms of quality, but they require very low GPU times and achieve up to 14-fold memory size reduction for the weights w.r.t. their floating point counterpart with minimal impact on quality metrics.      
### 6.Context-Aware Video Reconstruction for Rolling Shutter Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12912.pdf)
>  With the ubiquity of rolling shutter (RS) cameras, it is becoming increasingly attractive to recover the latent global shutter (GS) video from two consecutive RS frames, which also places a higher demand on realism. Existing solutions, using deep neural networks or optimization, achieve promising performance. However, these methods generate intermediate GS frames through image warping based on the RS model, which inevitably result in black holes and noticeable motion artifacts. In this paper, we alleviate these issues by proposing a context-aware GS video reconstruction architecture. It facilitates the advantages such as occlusion reasoning, motion compensation, and temporal abstraction. Specifically, we first estimate the bilateral motion field so that the pixels of the two RS frames are warped to a common GS frame accordingly. Then, a refinement scheme is proposed to guide the GS frame synthesis along with bilateral occlusion masks to produce high-fidelity GS video frames at arbitrary times. Furthermore, we derive an approximated bilateral motion field model, which can serve as an alternative to provide a simple but effective GS frame initialization for related tasks. Experiments on synthetic and real data show that our approach achieves superior performance over state-of-the-art methods in terms of objective metrics and subjective visual quality. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GitCVfb/CVR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 7.You Need to Read Again: Multi-granularity Perception Network for Moment Retrieval in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12886.pdf)
>  Moment retrieval in videos is a challenging task that aims to retrieve the most relevant video moment in an untrimmed video given a sentence description. Previous methods tend to perform self-modal learning and cross-modal interaction in a coarse manner, which neglect fine-grained clues contained in video content, query context, and their alignment. To this end, we propose a novel Multi-Granularity Perception Network (MGPN) that perceives intra-modality and inter-modality information at a multi-granularity level. Specifically, we formulate moment retrieval as a multi-choice reading comprehension task and integrate human reading strategies into our framework. A coarse-grained feature encoder and a co-attention mechanism are utilized to obtain a preliminary perception of intra-modality and inter-modality information. Then a fine-grained feature encoder and a conditioned interaction module are introduced to enhance the initial perception inspired by how humans address reading comprehension problems. Moreover, to alleviate the huge computation burden of some existing methods, we further design an efficient choice comparison module and reduce the hidden size with imperceptible quality loss. Extensive experiments on Charades-STA, TACoS, and ActivityNet Captions datasets demonstrate that our solution outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 8.Open-Domain Sign Language Translation Learned from Online Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12870.pdf)
>  Existing work on sign language translation--that is, translation from sign language videos into sentences in a written language--has focused mainly on (1) data collected in a controlled environment or (2) data in a specific domain, which limits the applicability to real-world settings. In this paper, we introduce OpenASL, a large-scale ASL-English dataset collected from online video sites (e.g., YouTube). OpenASL contains 288 hours of ASL videos in various domains (news, VLOGs, etc.) from over 200 signers and is the largest publicly available ASL translation dataset to date. To tackle the challenges of sign language translation in realistic settings and without glosses, we propose a set of techniques including sign search as a pretext task for pre-training and fusion of mouthing and handshape features. The proposed techniques produce consistent and large improvements in translation quality, over baseline models based on prior work. Our data, code and model will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chevalierNoir/OpenASL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 9.Image Colorization using U-Net with Skip Connections and Fusion Layer on Landscape Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12867.pdf)
>  We present a novel technique to automatically colorize grayscale images that combine the U-Net model and Fusion Layer features. This approach allows the model to learn the colorization of images from pre-trained U-Net. Moreover, the Fusion layer is applied to merge local information results dependent on small image patches with global priors of an entire image on each class, forming visually more compelling colorization results. Finally, we validate our approach with a user study evaluation and compare it against state-of-the-art, resulting in improvements.      
### 10.Deep Gradient Learning for Efficient Camouflaged Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12853.pdf)
>  This paper introduces DGNet, a novel deep framework that exploits object gradient supervision for camouflaged object detection (COD). It decouples the task into two connected branches, i.e., a context and a texture encoder. The essential connection is the gradient-induced transition, representing a soft grouping between context and texture features. Benefiting from the simple but efficient framework, DGNet outperforms existing state-of-the-art COD models by a large margin. Notably, our efficient version, DGNet-S, runs in real-time (80 fps) and achieves comparable results to the cutting-edge model JCSOD-CVPR$_{21}$ with only 6.82% parameters. Application results also show that the proposed DGNet performs well in polyp segmentation, defect detection, and transparent object segmentation tasks. Codes will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GewelsJI/DGNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.DistillAdapt: Source-Free Active Visual Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12840.pdf)
>  We present a novel method, DistillAdapt, for the challenging problem of Source-Free Active Domain Adaptation (SF-ADA). The problem requires adapting a pretrained source domain network to a target domain, within a provided budget for acquiring labels in the target domain, while assuming that the source data is not available for adaptation due to privacy concerns or otherwise. DistillAdapt is one of the first approaches for SF-ADA, and holistically addresses the challenges of SF-ADA via a novel Guided Attention Transfer Network (GATN) and an active learning heuristic, H_AL. The GATN enables selective distillation of features from the pre-trained network to the target network using a small subset of annotated target samples mined by H_AL. H_AL acquires samples at batch-level and balances transfer-ability from the pre-trained network and uncertainty of the target network. DistillAdapt is task-agnostic, and can be applied across visual tasks such as classification, segmentation and detection. Moreover, DistillAdapt can handle shifts in output label space. We conduct experiments and extensive ablation studies across 3 visual tasks, viz. digits classification (MNIST, SVHN), synthetic (GTA5) to real (CityScapes) image segmentation, and document layout detection (PubLayNet to DSSE). We show that our source-free approach, DistillAdapt, results in an improvement of 0.5% - 31.3% (across datasets and tasks) over prior adaptation methods that assume access to large amounts of annotated source data for adaptation.      
### 12.Non-rigid Point Cloud Registration with Neural Deformation Pyramid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12796.pdf)
>  Non-rigid point cloud registration is a key component in many computer vision and computer graphics applications. The high complexity of the unknown non-rigid motion make this task a challenging problem. In this paper, we break down this problem via hierarchical motion decomposition. Our method called Neural Deformation Pyramid (NDP) represents non-rigid motion using a pyramid architecture. Each pyramid level, denoted by a Multi-Layer Perception (MLP), takes as input a sinusoidally encoded 3D point and outputs its motion increments from the previous level. The sinusoidal function starts with a low input frequency and gradually increases when the pyramid level goes down. This allows a multi-level rigid to nonrigid motion decomposition and also speeds up the solving by 50 times compared to the existing MLP-based approach. Our method achieves advanced partialto-partial non-rigid point cloud registration results on the 4DMatch/4DLoMatch benchmark under both no-learned and supervised settings.      
### 13.AO2-DETR: Arbitrary-Oriented Object Detection Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12785.pdf)
>  Arbitrary-oriented object detection (AOOD) is a challenging task to detect objects in the wild with arbitrary orientations and cluttered arrangements. Existing approaches are mainly based on anchor-based boxes or dense points, which rely on complicated hand-designed processing steps and inductive bias, such as anchor generation, transformation, and non-maximum suppression reasoning. Recently, the emerging transformer-based approaches view object detection as a direct set prediction problem that effectively removes the need for hand-designed components and inductive biases. In this paper, we propose an Arbitrary-Oriented Object DEtection TRansformer framework, termed AO2-DETR, which comprises three dedicated components. More precisely, an oriented proposal generation mechanism is proposed to explicitly generate oriented proposals, which provides better positional priors for pooling features to modulate the cross-attention in the transformer decoder. An adaptive oriented proposal refinement module is introduced to extract rotation-invariant region features and eliminate the misalignment between region features and objects. And a rotation-aware set matching loss is used to ensure the one-to-one matching process for direct set prediction without duplicate predictions. Our method considerably simplifies the overall pipeline and presents a new AOOD paradigm. Comprehensive experiments on several challenging datasets show that our method achieves superior performance on the AOOD task.      
### 14.An Empirical Study on Distribution Shift Robustness From the Perspective of Pre-Training and Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12753.pdf)
>  The performance of machine learning models under distribution shift has been the focus of the community in recent years. Most of current methods have been proposed to improve the robustness to distribution shift from the algorithmic perspective, i.e., designing better training algorithms to help the generalization in shifted test distributions. This paper studies the distribution shift problem from the perspective of pre-training and data augmentation, two important factors in the practice of deep learning that have not been systematically investigated by existing work. By evaluating seven pre-trained models, including ResNets and ViT's with self-supervision and supervision mode, on five important distribution-shift datasets, from WILDS and DomainBed benchmarks, with five different learning algorithms, we provide the first comprehensive empirical study focusing on pre-training and data augmentation. With our empirical result obtained from 1,330 models, we provide the following main observations: 1) ERM combined with data augmentation can achieve state-of-the-art performance if we choose a proper pre-trained model respecting the data property; 2) specialized algorithms further improve the robustness on top of ERM when handling a specific type of distribution shift, e.g., GroupDRO for spurious correlation and CORAL for large-scale out-of-distribution data; 3) Comparing different pre-training modes, architectures and data sizes, we provide novel observations about pre-training on distribution shift, which sheds light on designing or selecting pre-training strategy for different kinds of distribution shifts. In summary, our empirical study provides a comprehensive baseline for a wide range of pre-training models fine-tuned with data augmentation, which potentially inspires research exploiting the power of pre-training and data augmentation in the future of distribution shift study.      
### 15.SIoU Loss: More Powerful Learning for Bounding Box Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12740.pdf)
>  The effectiveness of Object Detection, one of the central problems in computer vision tasks, highly depends on the definition of the loss function - a measure of how accurately your ML model can predict the expected outcome. Conventional object detection loss functions depend on aggregation of metrics of bounding box regression such as the distance, overlap area and aspect ratio of the predicted and ground truth boxes (i.e. GIoU, CIoU, ICIoU etc). However, none of the methods proposed and used to date considers the direction of the mismatch between the desired ground box and the predicted, "experimental" box. This shortage results in slower and less effective convergence as the predicted box can "wander around" during the training process and eventually end up producing a worse model. In this paper a new loss function SIoU was suggested, where penalty metrics were redefined considering the angle of the vector between the desired regression. Applied to conventional Neural Networks and datasets it is shown that SIoU improves both the speed of training and the accuracy of the inference. The effectiveness of the proposed loss function was revealed in a number of simulations and tests.      
### 16.Contrastive Learning with Boosted Memorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12693.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has achieved a great success in the representation learning of visual and textual data. However, the current methods are mainly validated on the well-curated datasets, which do not exhibit the real-world long-tailed distribution. Recent attempts to consider self-supervised long-tailed learning are made by rebalancing in the loss perspective or the model perspective, resembling the paradigms in the supervised long-tailed learning. Nevertheless, without the aid of labels, these explorations have not shown the expected significant promise due to the limitation in tail sample discovery or the heuristic structure design. Different from previous works, we explore this direction from an alternative perspective, i.e., the data perspective, and propose a novel Boosted Contrastive Learning (BCL) method. Specifically, BCL leverages the memorization effect of deep neural networks to automatically drive the information discrepancy of the sample views in contrastive learning, which is more efficient to enhance the long-tailed learning in the label-unaware context. Extensive experiments on a range of benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of BCL over several state-of-the-art methods. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zhihan-Zhou/Boosted-Contrastive-Learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.UniInst: Unique Representation for End-to-End Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12646.pdf)
>  Existing instance segmentation methods have achieved impressive performance but still suffer from a common dilemma: redundant representations (e.g., multiple boxes, grids, and anchor points) are inferred for one instance, which leads to multiple duplicated predictions. Thus, mainstream methods usually rely on a hand-designed non-maximum suppression (NMS) post-processing step to select the optimal prediction result, which hinders end-to-end training. To address this issue, we propose a box-free and NMS-free end-to-end instance segmentation framework, termed UniInst, that yields only one unique representation for each instance. Specifically, we design an instance-aware one-to-one assignment scheme, namely Only Yield One Representation (OYOR), which dynamically assigns one unique representation to each instance according to the matching quality between predictions and ground truths. Then, a novel prediction re-ranking strategy is elegantly integrated into the framework to address the misalignment between the classification score and the mask quality, enabling the learned representation to be more discriminative. With these techniques, our UniInst, the first FCN-based end-to-end instance segmentation framework, achieves competitive performance, e.g., 39.0 mask AP using ResNet-50-FPN and 40.2 mask AP using ResNet-101-FPN, against mainstream methods on COCO test-dev. Moreover, the proposed instance-aware method is robust to occlusion scenes, outperforming common baselines by remarkable mask AP on the heavily-occluded OCHuman benchmark. Our codes will be available upon publication.      
### 18.TreEnhance: An Automatic Tree-Search Based Method for Low-Light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12639.pdf)
>  In this paper we present TreEnhance, an automatic method for low-light image enhancement capable of improving the quality of digital images. The method combines tree search theory, and in particular the Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS) algorithm, with deep reinforcement learning. Given as input a low-light image, TreEnhance produces as output its enhanced version together with the sequence of image editing operations used to obtain it. The method repeatedly alternates two main phases. In the generation phase a modified version of MCTS explores the space of image editing operations and selects the most promising sequence. In the optimization phase the parameters of a neural network, implementing the enhancement policy, are updated. After training, two different inference solutions are proposed for the enhancement of new images: one is based on MCTS and is more accurate but more time and memory consuming; the other directly applies the learned policy and is faster but slightly less precise. Unlike other methods from the state of the art, TreEnhance does not pose any constraint on the image resolution and can be used in a variety of scenarios with minimal tuning. We tested the method on two datasets: the Low-Light dataset and the Adobe Five-K dataset obtaining good results from both a qualitative and a quantitative point of view.      
### 19.MoCoViT: Mobile Convolutional Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12635.pdf)
>  Recently, Transformer networks have achieved impressive results on a variety of vision tasks. However, most of them are computationally expensive and not suitable for real-world mobile applications. In this work, we present Mobile Convolutional Vision Transformer (MoCoViT), which improves in performance and efficiency by introducing transformer into mobile convolutional networks to leverage the benefits of both architectures. Different from recent works on vision transformer, the mobile transformer block in MoCoViT is carefully designed for mobile devices and is very lightweight, accomplished through two primary modifications: the Mobile Self-Attention (MoSA) module and the Mobile Feed Forward Network (MoFFN). MoSA simplifies the calculation of the attention map through Branch Sharing scheme while MoFFN serves as a mobile version of MLP in the transformer, further reducing the computation by a large margin. Comprehensive experiments verify that our proposed MoCoViT family outperform state-of-the-art portable CNNs and transformer neural architectures on various vision tasks. On ImageNet classification, it achieves 74.5% top-1 accuracy at 147M FLOPs, gaining 1.2% over MobileNetV3 with less computations. And on the COCO object detection task, MoCoViT outperforms GhostNet by 2.1 AP in RetinaNet framework.      
### 20.Real-Time Video Deblurring via Lightweight Motion Compensation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12634.pdf)
>  While motion compensation greatly improves video deblurring quality, separately performing motion compensation and video deblurring demands huge computational overhead. This paper proposes a real-time video deblurring framework consisting of a lightweight multi-task unit that supports both video deblurring and motion compensation in an efficient way. The multi-task unit is specifically designed to handle large portions of the two tasks using a single shared network, and consists of a multi-task detail network and simple networks for deblurring and motion compensation. The multi-task unit minimizes the cost of incorporating motion compensation into video deblurring and enables real-time deblurring. Moreover, by stacking multiple multi-task units, our framework provides flexible control between the cost and deblurring quality. We experimentally validate the state-of-the-art deblurring quality of our approach, which runs at a much faster speed compared to previous methods, and show practical real-time performance (30.99dB@30fps measured in the DVD dataset).      
### 21.NTIRE 2022 Challenge on High Dynamic Range Imaging: Methods and Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12633.pdf)
>  This paper reviews the challenge on constrained high dynamic range (HDR) imaging that was part of the New Trends in Image Restoration and Enhancement (NTIRE) workshop, held in conjunction with CVPR 2022. This manuscript focuses on the competition set-up, datasets, the proposed methods and their results. The challenge aims at estimating an HDR image from multiple respective low dynamic range (LDR) observations, which might suffer from under- or over-exposed regions and different sources of noise. The challenge is composed of two tracks with an emphasis on fidelity and complexity constraints: In Track 1, participants are asked to optimize objective fidelity scores while imposing a low-complexity constraint (i.e. solutions can not exceed a given number of operations). In Track 2, participants are asked to minimize the complexity of their solutions while imposing a constraint on fidelity scores (i.e. solutions are required to obtain a higher fidelity score than the prescribed baseline). Both tracks use the same data and metrics: Fidelity is measured by means of PSNR with respect to a ground-truth HDR image (computed both directly and with a canonical tonemapping operation), while complexity metrics include the number of Multiply-Accumulate (MAC) operations and runtime (in seconds).      
### 22.Primitive3D: 3D Object Dataset Synthesis from Randomly Assembled Primitives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12627.pdf)
>  Numerous advancements in deep learning can be attributed to the access to large-scale and well-annotated datasets. However, such a dataset is prohibitively expensive in 3D computer vision due to the substantial collection cost. To alleviate this issue, we propose a cost-effective method for automatically generating a large amount of 3D objects with annotations. In particular, we synthesize objects simply by assembling multiple random primitives. These objects are thus auto-annotated with part labels originating from primitives. This allows us to perform multi-task learning by combining the supervised segmentation with unsupervised reconstruction. Considering the large overhead of learning on the generated dataset, we further propose a dataset distillation strategy to remove redundant samples regarding a target dataset. We conduct extensive experiments for the downstream tasks of 3D object classification. The results indicate that our dataset, together with multi-task pretraining on its annotations, achieves the best performance compared to other commonly used datasets. Further study suggests that our strategy can improve the model performance by pretraining and fine-tuning scheme, especially for the dataset with a small scale. In addition, pretraining with the proposed dataset distillation method can save 86\% of the pretraining time with negligible performance degradation. We expect that our attempt provides a new data-centric perspective for training 3D deep models.      
### 23.Location-free Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12619.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation (HPE) usually requires large-scale training data to reach high performance. However, it is rather time-consuming to collect high-quality and fine-grained annotations for human body. To alleviate this issue, we revisit HPE and propose a location-free framework without supervision of keypoint locations. We reformulate the regression-based HPE from the perspective of classification. Inspired by the CAM-based weakly-supervised object localization, we observe that the coarse keypoint locations can be acquired through the part-aware CAMs but unsatisfactory due to the gap between the fine-grained HPE and the object-level localization. To this end, we propose a customized transformer framework to mine the fine-grained representation of human context, equipped with the structural relation to capture subtle differences among keypoints. Concretely, we design a Multi-scale Spatial-guided Context Encoder to fully capture the global human context while focusing on the part-aware regions and a Relation-encoded Pose Prototype Generation module to encode the structural relations. All these works together for strengthening the weak supervision from image-level category labels on locations. Our model achieves competitive performance on three datasets when only supervised at a category-level and importantly, it can achieve comparable results with fully-supervised methods with only 25\% location labels on MS-COCO and MPII.      
### 24.Guiding Visual Question Answering with Attention Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12616.pdf)
>  The current success of modern visual reasoning systems is arguably attributed to cross-modality attention mechanisms. However, in deliberative reasoning such as in VQA, attention is unconstrained at each step, and thus may serve as a statistical pooling mechanism rather than a semantic operation intended to select information relevant to inference. This is because at training time, attention is only guided by a very sparse signal (i.e. the answer label) at the end of the inference chain. This causes the cross-modality attention weights to deviate from the desired visual-language bindings. To rectify this deviation, we propose to guide the attention mechanism using explicit linguistic-visual grounding. This grounding is derived by connecting structured linguistic concepts in the query to their referents among the visual objects. Here we learn the grounding from the pairing of questions and images alone, without the need for answer annotation or external grounding supervision. This grounding guides the attention mechanism inside VQA models through a duality of mechanisms: pre-training attention weight calculation and directly guiding the weights at inference time on a case-by-case basis. The resultant algorithm is capable of probing attention-based reasoning models, injecting relevant associative knowledge, and regulating the core reasoning process. This scalable enhancement improves the performance of VQA models, fortifies their robustness to limited access to supervised data, and increases interpretability.      
### 25.Deep Aesthetic Assessment and Retrieval of Breast Cancer Treatment Outcomes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12611.pdf)
>  Treatments for breast cancer have continued to evolve and improve in recent years, resulting in a substantial increase in survival rates, with approximately 80\% of patients having a 10-year survival period. Given the serious impact that breast cancer treatments can have on a patient's body image, consequently affecting her self-confidence and sexual and intimate relationships, it is paramount to ensure that women receive the treatment that optimizes both survival and aesthetic outcomes. Currently, there is no gold standard for evaluating the aesthetic outcome of breast cancer treatment. In addition, there is no standard way to show patients the potential outcome of surgery. The presentation of similar cases from the past would be extremely important to manage women's expectations of the possible outcome. In this work, we propose a deep neural network to perform the aesthetic evaluation. As a proof-of-concept, we focus on a binary aesthetic evaluation. Besides its use for classification, this deep neural network can also be used to find the most similar past cases by searching for nearest neighbours in the highly semantic space before classification. We performed the experiments on a dataset consisting of 143 photos of women after conservative treatment for breast cancer. The results for accuracy and balanced accuracy showed the superior performance of our proposed model compared to the state of the art in aesthetic evaluation of breast cancer treatments. In addition, the model showed a good ability to retrieve similar previous cases, with the retrieved cases having the same or adjacent class (in the 4-class setting) and having similar types of asymmetry. Finally, a qualitative interpretability assessment was also performed to analyse the robustness and trustworthiness of the model.      
### 26.ReSmooth: Detecting and Utilizing OOD Samples when Training with Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12606.pdf)
>  Data augmentation (DA) is a widely used technique for enhancing the training of deep neural networks. Recent DA techniques which achieve state-of-the-art performance always meet the need for diversity in augmented training samples. However, an augmentation strategy that has a high diversity usually introduces out-of-distribution (OOD) augmented samples and these samples consequently impair the performance. To alleviate this issue, we propose ReSmooth, a framework that firstly detects OOD samples in augmented samples and then leverages them. To be specific, we first use a Gaussian mixture model to fit the loss distribution of both the original and augmented samples and accordingly split these samples into in-distribution (ID) samples and OOD samples. Then we start a new training where ID and OOD samples are incorporated with different smooth labels. By treating ID samples and OOD samples unequally, we can make better use of the diverse augmented data. Further, we incorporate our ReSmooth framework with negative data augmentation strategies. By properly handling their intentionally created ODD samples, the classification performance of negative data augmentations is largely ameliorated. Experiments on several classification benchmarks show that ReSmooth can be easily extended to existing augmentation strategies (such as RandAugment, rotate, and jigsaw) and improve on them.      
### 27.VTP: Volumetric Transformer for Multi-view Multi-person 3D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12602.pdf)
>  This paper presents Volumetric Transformer Pose estimator (VTP), the first 3D volumetric transformer framework for multi-view multi-person 3D human pose estimation. VTP aggregates features from 2D keypoints in all camera views and directly learns the spatial relationships in the 3D voxel space in an end-to-end fashion. The aggregated 3D features are passed through 3D convolutions before being flattened into sequential embeddings and fed into a transformer. A residual structure is designed to further improve the performance. In addition, the sparse Sinkhorn attention is empowered to reduce the memory cost, which is a major bottleneck for volumetric representations, while also achieving excellent performance. The output of the transformer is again concatenated with 3D convolutional features by a residual design. The proposed VTP framework integrates the high performance of the transformer with volumetric representations, which can be used as a good alternative to the convolutional backbones. Experiments on the Shelf, Campus and CMU Panoptic benchmarks show promising results in terms of both Mean Per Joint Position Error (MPJPE) and Percentage of Correctly estimated Parts (PCP). Our code will be available.      
### 28.MUG: Multi-human Graph Network for 3D Mesh Reconstruction from 2D Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12583.pdf)
>  Reconstructing multi-human body mesh from a single monocular image is an important but challenging computer vision problem. In addition to the individual body mesh models, we need to estimate relative 3D positions among subjects to generate a coherent representation. In this work, through a single graph neural network, named MUG (Multi-hUman Graph network), we construct coherent multi-human meshes using only multi-human 2D pose as input. Compared with existing methods, which adopt a detection-style pipeline (i.e., extracting image features and then locating human instances and recovering body meshes from that) and suffer from the significant domain gap between lab-collected training datasets and in-the-wild testing datasets, our method benefits from the 2D pose which has a relatively consistent geometric property across datasets. Our method works like the following: First, to model the multi-human environment, it processes multi-human 2D poses and builds a novel heterogeneous graph, where nodes from different people and within one person are connected to capture inter-human interactions and draw the body geometry (i.e., skeleton and mesh structure). Second, it employs a dual-branch graph neural network structure -- one for predicting inter-human depth relation and the other one for predicting root-joint-relative mesh coordinates. Finally, the entire multi-human 3D meshes are constructed by combining the output from both branches. Extensive experiments demonstrate that MUG outperforms previous multi-human mesh estimation methods on standard 3D human benchmarks -- Panoptic, MuPoTS-3D and 3DPW.      
### 29.From Pedestrian Detection to Crosswalk Estimation: An EM Algorithm and Analysis on Diverse Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12579.pdf)
>  In this work, we contribute an EM algorithm for estimation of corner points and linear crossing segments for both marked and unmarked pedestrian crosswalks using the detections of pedestrians from processed LiDAR point clouds or camera images. We demonstrate the algorithmic performance by analyzing three real-world datasets containing multiple periods of data collection for four-corner and two-corner intersections with marked and unmarked crosswalks. Additionally, we include a Python video tool to visualize the crossing parameter estimation, pedestrian trajectories, and phase intervals in our public source code.      
### 30.Spotlights: Probing Shapes from Spherical Viewpoints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12564.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the surge of learned representations that directly build upon point clouds. Though becoming increasingly expressive, most existing representations still struggle to generate ordered point sets. Inspired by spherical multi-view scanners, we propose a novel sampling model called Spotlights to represent a 3D shape as a compact 1D array of depth values. It simulates the configuration of cameras evenly distributed on a sphere, where each virtual camera casts light rays from its principal point through sample points on a small concentric spherical cap to probe for the possible intersections with the object surrounded by the sphere. The structured point cloud is hence given implicitly as a function of depths. We provide a detailed geometric analysis of this new sampling scheme and prove its effectiveness in the context of the point cloud completion task. Experimental results on both synthetic and real data demonstrate that our method achieves competitive accuracy and consistency while having a significantly reduced computational cost. Furthermore, we show superior performance on the downstream point cloud registration task over state-of-the-art completion methods.      
### 31.Breaking the Chain of Gradient Leakage in Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12551.pdf)
>  User privacy is of great concern in Federated Learning, while Vision Transformers (ViTs) have been revealed to be vulnerable to gradient-based inversion attacks. We show that the learned low-dimensional spatial prior in position embeddings (PEs) accelerates the training of ViTs. As a side effect, it makes the ViTs tend to be position sensitive and at high risk of privacy leakage. We observe that enhancing the position-insensitive property of a ViT model is a promising way to protect data privacy against these gradient attacks. However, simply removing the PEs may not only harm the convergence and accuracy of ViTs but also places the model at more severe privacy risk. To deal with the aforementioned contradiction, we propose a simple yet efficient Masked Jigsaw Puzzle (MJP) method to break the chain of gradient leakage in ViTs. MJP can be easily plugged into existing ViTs and their derived variants. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed MJP method not only boosts the performance on large-scale datasets (i.e., ImageNet-1K), but can also improve the privacy preservation capacity in the typical gradient attacks by a large margin. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yhlleo/MJP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Some equivalence relation between persistent homology and morphological dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12546.pdf)
>  In Mathematical Morphology (MM), connected filters based on dynamics are used to filter the extrema of an image. Similarly, persistence is a concept coming from Persistent Homology (PH) and Morse Theory (MT) that represents the stability of the extrema of a Morse function. Since these two concepts seem to be closely related, in this paper we examine their relationship, and we prove that they are equal on n-D Morse functions, n $\ge$ 1. More exactly, pairing a minimum with a 1-saddle by dynamics or pairing the same 1-saddle with a minimum by persistence leads exactly to the same pairing, assuming that the critical values of the studied Morse function are unique. This result is a step further to show how much topological data analysis and mathematical morphology are related, paving the way for a more in-depth study of the relations between these two research fields.      
### 33.Deep Dense Local Feature Matching and Vehicle Removal for Indoor Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12544.pdf)
>  Visual localization is an essential component of intelligent transportation systems, enabling broad applications that require understanding one's self location when other sensors are not available. It is mostly tackled by image retrieval such that the location of a query image is determined by its closest match in the previously collected images. Existing approaches focus on large scale localization where landmarks are helpful in finding the location. However, visual localization becomes challenging in small scale environments where objects are hardly recognizable. In this paper, we propose a visual localization framework that robustly finds the match for a query among the images collected from indoor parking lots. It is a challenging problem when the vehicles in the images share similar appearances and are frequently replaced such as parking lots. We propose to employ a deep dense local feature matching that resembles human perception to find correspondences and eliminating matches from vehicles automatically with a vehicle detector. The proposed solution is robust to the scenes with low textures and invariant to false matches caused by vehicles. We compare our framework with alternatives to validate our superiority on a benchmark dataset containing 267 pre-collected images and 99 query images taken from 34 sections of a parking lot. Our method achieves 86.9 percent accuracy, outperforming the alternatives.      
### 34.Misleading Deep-Fake Detection with GAN Fingerprints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12543.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have made remarkable progress in synthesizing realistic-looking images that effectively outsmart even humans. Although several detection methods can recognize these deep fakes by checking for image artifacts from the generation process, multiple counterattacks have demonstrated their limitations. These attacks, however, still require certain conditions to hold, such as interacting with the detection method or adjusting the GAN directly. In this paper, we introduce a novel class of simple counterattacks that overcomes these limitations. In particular, we show that an adversary can remove indicative artifacts, the GAN fingerprint, directly from the frequency spectrum of a generated image. We explore different realizations of this removal, ranging from filtering high frequencies to more nuanced frequency-peak cleansing. We evaluate the performance of our attack with different detection methods, GAN architectures, and datasets. Our results show that an adversary can often remove GAN fingerprints and thus evade the detection of generated images.      
### 35.Accelerating Diffusion Models via Early Stop of the Diffusion Process  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12524.pdf)
>  Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models (DDPMs) have achieved impressive performance on various generation tasks. By modeling the reverse process of gradually diffusing the data distribution into a Gaussian distribution, generating a sample in DDPMs can be regarded as iteratively denoising a randomly sampled Gaussian noise. However, in practice DDPMs often need hundreds even thousands of denoising steps to obtain a high-quality sample from the Gaussian noise, leading to extremely low inference efficiency. In this work, we propose a principled acceleration strategy, referred to as Early-Stopped DDPM (ES-DDPM), for DDPMs. The key idea is to stop the diffusion process early where only the few initial diffusing steps are considered and the reverse denoising process starts from a non-Gaussian distribution. By further adopting a powerful pre-trained generative model, such as GAN and VAE, in ES-DDPM, sampling from the target non-Gaussian distribution can be efficiently achieved by diffusing samples obtained from the pre-trained generative model. In this way, the number of required denoising steps is significantly reduced. In the meantime, the sample quality of ES-DDPM also improves substantially, outperforming both the vanilla DDPM and the adopted pre-trained generative model. On extensive experiments across CIFAR-10, CelebA, ImageNet, LSUN-Bedroom and LSUN-Cat, ES-DDPM obtains promising acceleration effect and performance improvement over representative baseline methods. Moreover, ES-DDPM also demonstrates several attractive properties, including being orthogonal to existing acceleration methods, as well as simultaneously enabling both global semantic and local pixel-level control in image generation.      
### 36.Crossmodal-3600: A Massively Multilingual Multimodal Evaluation Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12522.pdf)
>  Research in massively multilingual image captioning has been severely hampered by a lack of high-quality evaluation datasets. In this paper we present the Crossmodal-3600 dataset (XM3600 in short), a geographically diverse set of 3600 images annotated with human-generated reference captions in 36 languages. The images were selected from across the world, covering regions where the 36 languages are spoken, and annotated with captions that achieve consistency in terms of style across all languages, while avoiding annotation artifacts due to direct translation. We apply this benchmark to model selection for massively multilingual image captioning models, and show superior correlation results with human evaluations when using XM3600 as golden references for automatic metrics.      
### 37.Structure Aware and Class Balanced 3D Object Detection on nuScenes Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12519.pdf)
>  3-D object detection is pivotal for autonomous driving. Point cloud based methods have become increasingly popular for 3-D object detection, owing to their accurate depth information. NuTonomy's nuScenes dataset greatly extends commonly used datasets such as KITTI in size, sensor modalities, categories, and annotation numbers. However, it suffers from severe class imbalance. The Class-balanced Grouping and Sampling paper addresses this issue and suggests augmentation and sampling strategy. However, the localization precision of this model is affected by the loss of spatial information in the downscaled feature maps. We propose to enhance the performance of the CBGS model by designing an auxiliary network, that makes full use of the structure information of the 3D point cloud, in order to improve the localization accuracy. The detachable auxiliary network is jointly optimized by two point-level supervisions, namely foreground segmentation and center estimation. The auxiliary network does not introduce any extra computation during inference, since it can be detached at test time.      
### 38.Text-to-Face Generation with StyleGAN2  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12512.pdf)
>  Synthesizing images from text descriptions has become an active research area with the advent of Generative Adversarial Networks. The main goal here is to generate photo-realistic images that are aligned with the input descriptions. Text-to-Face generation (T2F) is a sub-domain of Text-to-Image generation (T2I) that is more challenging due to the complexity and variation of facial attributes. It has a number of applications mainly in the domain of public safety. Even though several models are available for T2F, there is still the need to improve the image quality and the semantic alignment. In this research, we propose a novel framework, to generate facial images that are well-aligned with the input descriptions. Our framework utilizes the high-resolution face generator, StyleGAN2, and explores the possibility of using it in T2F. Here, we embed text in the input latent space of StyleGAN2 using BERT embeddings and oversee the generation of facial images using text descriptions. We trained our framework on attribute-based descriptions to generate images of 1024x1024 in resolution. The images generated exhibit a 57% similarity to the ground truth images, with a face semantic distance of 0.92, outperforming state-of-the-artwork. The generated images have a FID score of 118.097 and the experimental results show that our model generates promising images.      
### 39.The Dialog Must Go On: Improving Visual Dialog via Generative Self-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12502.pdf)
>  Visual dialog (VisDial) is a task of answering a sequence of questions grounded in an image, using the dialog history as context. Prior work has trained the dialog agents solely on VisDial data via supervised learning or leveraged pre-training on related vision-and-language datasets. This paper presents a semi-supervised learning approach for visually-grounded dialog, called Generative Self-Training (GST), to leverage unlabeled images on the Web. Specifically, GST first retrieves in-domain images through out-of-distribution detection and generates synthetic dialogs regarding the images via multimodal conditional text generation. GST then trains a dialog agent on the synthetic and the original VisDial data. As a result, GST scales the amount of training data up to an order of magnitude that of VisDial (1.2M to 12.9M QA data). For robust training of the generated dialogs, we also propose perplexity-based data selection and multimodal consistency regularization. Evaluation on VisDial v1.0 and v0.9 datasets shows that GST achieves new state-of-the-art results on both datasets. We further observe strong performance gains in the low-data regime (up to 9.35 absolute points on NDCG).      
### 40.Efficient Textured Mesh Recovery from Multiple Views with Differentiable Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12468.pdf)
>  Despite of the promising results on shape and color recovery using self-supervision, the multi-layer perceptrons-based methods usually costs hours to train the deep neural network due to the implicit surface representation. Moreover, it is quite computational intensive to render a single image, since a forward network inference is required for each pixel. To tackle these challenges, in this paper, we propose an efficient coarse-to-fine approach to recover the textured mesh from multi-view images. Specifically, we take advantage of a differentiable Poisson Solver to represent the shape, which is able to produce topology-agnostic and watertight surfaces. To account for the depth information, we optimize the shape geometry by minimizing the difference between the rendered mesh with the depth predicted by the learning-based multi-view stereo algorithm. In contrast to the implicit neural representation on shape and color, we introduce a physically based inverse rendering scheme to jointly estimate the lighting and reflectance of the objects, which is able to render the high resolution image at real-time. Additionally, we fine-tune the extracted mesh by inverse rendering to obtain the mesh with fine details and high fidelity image. We have conducted the extensive experiments on several multi-view stereo datasets, whose promising results demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed approach. We will make our full implementation publicly available.      
### 41.Eye-gaze-guided Vision Transformer for Rectifying Shortcut Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12466.pdf)
>  Learning harmful shortcuts such as spurious correlations and biases prevents deep neural networks from learning the meaningful and useful representations, thus jeopardizing the generalizability and interpretability of the learned representation. The situation becomes even more serious in medical imaging, where the clinical data (e.g., MR images with pathology) are limited and scarce while the reliability, generalizability and transparency of the learned model are highly required. To address this problem, we propose to infuse human experts' intelligence and domain knowledge into the training of deep neural networks. The core idea is that we infuse the visual attention information from expert radiologists to proactively guide the deep model to focus on regions with potential pathology and avoid being trapped in learning harmful shortcuts. To do so, we propose a novel eye-gaze-guided vision transformer (EG-ViT) for diagnosis with limited medical image data. We mask the input image patches that are out of the radiologists' interest and add an additional residual connection in the last encoder layer of EG-ViT to maintain the correlations of all patches. The experiments on two public datasets of INbreast and SIIM-ACR demonstrate our EG-ViT model can effectively learn/transfer experts' domain knowledge and achieve much better performance than baselines. Meanwhile, it successfully rectifies the harmful shortcut learning and significantly improves the EG-ViT model's interpretability. In general, EG-ViT takes the advantages of both human expert's prior knowledge and the power of deep neural networks. This work opens new avenues for advancing current artificial intelligence paradigms by infusing human intelligence.      
### 42.sat2pc: Estimating Point Cloud of Building Roofs from 2D Satellite Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12464.pdf)
>  Three-dimensional (3D) urban models have gained interest because of their applications in many use-cases such as urban planning and virtual reality. However, generating these 3D representations requires LiDAR data, which are not always readily available. Thus, the applicability of automated 3D model generation algorithms is limited to a few locations. In this paper, we propose sat2pc, a deep learning architecture that predicts the point cloud of a building roof from a single 2D satellite image. Our architecture combines Chamfer distance and EMD loss, resulting in better 2D to 3D performance. We extensively evaluate our model and perform ablation studies on a building roof dataset. Our results show that sat2pc was able to outperform existing baselines by at least 18.6%. Further, we show that the predicted point cloud captures more detail and geometric characteristics than other baselines.      
### 43.A CNN with Noise Inclined Module and Denoise Framework for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12459.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks have been successfully applied in hyperspectral image classification. However, most of prior works adopt general deep architectures while ignore the intrinsic structure of the hyperspectral image, such as the physical noise generation. This would make these deep models unable to generate discriminative features and provide impressive classification performance. To leverage such intrinsic information, this work develops a novel deep learning framework with the noise inclined module and denoise framework for hyperspectral image classification. First, we model the spectral signature of hyperspectral image with the physical noise model to describe the high intraclass variance of each class and great overlapping between different classes in the image. Then, a noise inclined module is developed to capture the physical noise within each object and a denoise framework is then followed to remove such noise from the object. Finally, the CNN with noise inclined module and the denoise framework is developed to obtain discriminative features and provides good classification performance of hyperspectral image. Experiments are conducted over two commonly used real-world datasets and the experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed method. The implementation of the proposed method and other compared methods could be accessed at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shendu-sw/noise-physical-framework" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.A Lightweight NMS-free Framework for Real-time Visual Fault Detection System of Freight Trains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12458.pdf)
>  Real-time vision-based system of fault detection (RVBS-FD) for freight trains is an essential part of ensuring railway transportation safety. Most existing vision-based methods still have high computational costs based on convolutional neural networks. The computational cost is mainly reflected in the backbone, neck, and post-processing, i.e., non-maximum suppression (NMS). In this paper, we propose a lightweight NMS-free framework to achieve real-time detection and high accuracy simultaneously. First, we use a lightweight backbone for feature extraction and design a fault detection pyramid to process features. This fault detection pyramid includes three novel individual modules using attention mechanism, bottleneck, and dilated convolution for feature enhancement and computation reduction. Instead of using NMS, we calculate different loss functions, including classification and location costs in the detection head, to further reduce computation. Experimental results show that our framework achieves over 83 frames per second speed with a smaller model size and higher accuracy than the state-of-the-art detectors. Meanwhile, the hardware resource requirements of our method are low during the training and testing process.      
### 45.Region-aware Knowledge Distillation for Efficient Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12451.pdf)
>  Recent progress in image-to-image translation has witnessed the success of generative adversarial networks (GANs). However, GANs usually contain a huge number of parameters, which lead to intolerant memory and computation consumption and limit their deployment on edge devices. To address this issue, knowledge distillation is proposed to transfer the knowledge from a cumbersome teacher model to an efficient student model. However, most previous knowledge distillation methods are designed for image classification and lead to limited performance in image-to-image translation. In this paper, we propose Region-aware Knowledge Distillation ReKo to compress image-to-image translation models. Firstly, ReKo adaptively finds the crucial regions in the images with an attention module. Then, patch-wise contrastive learning is adopted to maximize the mutual information between students and teachers in these crucial regions. Experiments with eight comparison methods on nine datasets demonstrate the substantial effectiveness of ReKo on both paired and unpaired image-to-image translation. For instance, our 7.08X compressed and 6.80X accelerated CycleGAN student outperforms its teacher by 1.33 and 1.04 FID scores on Horse to Zebra and Zebra to Horse, respectively. Codes will be released on GitHub.      
### 46.Cross-Domain Style Mixing for Face Cartoonization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12450.pdf)
>  Cartoon domain has recently gained increasing popularity. Previous studies have attempted quality portrait stylization into the cartoon domain; however, this poses a great challenge since they have not properly addressed the critical constraints, such as requiring a large number of training images or the lack of support for abstract cartoon faces. Recently, a layer swapping method has been used for stylization requiring only a limited number of training images; however, its use cases are still narrow as it inherits the remaining issues. In this paper, we propose a novel method called Cross-domain Style mixing, which combines two latent codes from two different domains. Our method effectively stylizes faces into multiple cartoon characters at various face abstraction levels using only a single generator without even using a large number of training images.      
### 47.Convolutional Neural Processes for Inpainting Satellite Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12407.pdf)
>  The widespread availability of satellite images has allowed researchers to model complex systems such as disease dynamics. However, many satellite images have missing values due to measurement defects, which render them unusable without data imputation. For example, the scanline corrector for the LANDSAT 7 satellite broke down in 2003, resulting in a loss of around 20\% of its data. Inpainting involves predicting what is missing based on the known pixels and is an old problem in image processing, classically based on PDEs or interpolation methods, but recent deep learning approaches have shown promise. However, many of these methods do not explicitly take into account the inherent spatiotemporal structure of satellite images. In this work, we cast satellite image inpainting as a natural meta-learning problem, and propose using convolutional neural processes (ConvNPs) where we frame each satellite image as its own task or 2D regression problem. We show ConvNPs can outperform classical methods and state-of-the-art deep learning inpainting models on a scanline inpainting problem for LANDSAT 7 satellite images, assessed on a variety of in and out-of-distribution images.      
### 48.Jointly Optimizing Color Rendition and In-Camera Backgrounds in an RGB Virtual Production Stage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12403.pdf)
>  While the LED panels used in virtual production systems can display vibrant imagery with a wide color gamut, they produce problematic color shifts when used as lighting due to their peaky spectral output from narrow-band red, green, and blue LEDs. In this work, we present an improved color calibration process for virtual production stages which ameliorates this color rendition problem while also passing through accurate in-camera background colors. We do this by optimizing linear color correction transformations for 1) the LED panel pixels visible in the field of view of the camera, 2) the pixels outside the field of view of the camera illuminating the subjects, and, as a post-process, 3) the pixel values recorded by the camera. The result is that footage shot in an RGB LED panel virtual production stage can exhibit more accurate skin tones and costume colors while still reproducing the desired colors of the in-camera background.      
### 49.A Benchmark and Asymmetrical-Similarity Learning for Practical Image Copy Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12358.pdf)
>  Image copy detection (ICD) aims to determine whether a query image is an edited copy of any image from a reference set. Currently, there are very limited public benchmarks for ICD, while all overlook a critical challenge in real-world applications, i.e., the distraction from hard negative queries. Specifically, some queries are not edited copies but are inherently similar to some reference images. These hard negative queries are easily false recognized as edited copies, significantly compromising the ICD accuracy. This observation motivates us to build the first ICD benchmark featuring this characteristic. Based on existing ICD datasets, this paper constructs a new dataset by additionally adding 100, 000 and 24, 252 hard negative pairs into the training and test set, respectively. Moreover, this paper further reveals a unique difficulty for solving the hard negative problem in ICD, i.e., there is a fundamental conflict between current metric learning and ICD. This conflict is: the metric learning adopts symmetric distance while the edited copy is an asymmetric (unidirectional) process, e.g., a partial crop is close to its holistic reference image and is an edited copy, while the latter cannot be the edited copy of the former (in spite the distance is equally small). This insight results in an Asymmetrical-Similarity Learning (ASL) method, which allows the similarity in two directions (the query &lt;-&gt; the reference image) to be different from each other. Experimental results show that ASL outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a clear margin, confirming that solving the symmetric-asymmetric conflict is critical for ICD.      
### 50.Face2Text revisited: Improved data set and baseline results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12342.pdf)
>  Current image description generation models do not transfer well to the task of describing human faces. To encourage the development of more human-focused descriptions, we developed a new data set of facial descriptions based on the CelebA image data set. We describe the properties of this data set, and present results from a face description generator trained on it, which explores the feasibility of using transfer learning from VGGFace/ResNet CNNs. Comparisons are drawn through both automated metrics and human evaluation by 76 English-speaking participants. The descriptions generated by the VGGFace-LSTM + Attention model are closest to the ground truth according to human evaluation whilst the ResNet-LSTM + Attention model obtained the highest CIDEr and CIDEr-D results (1.252 and 0.686 respectively). Together, the new data set and these experimental results provide data and baselines for future work in this area.      
### 51.Trajectory Optimization for Physics-Based Reconstruction of 3d Human Pose from Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12292.pdf)
>  We focus on the task of estimating a physically plausible articulated human motion from monocular video. Existing approaches that do not consider physics often produce temporally inconsistent output with motion artifacts, while state-of-the-art physics-based approaches have either been shown to work only in controlled laboratory conditions or consider simplified body-ground contact limited to feet. This paper explores how these shortcomings can be addressed by directly incorporating a fully-featured physics engine into the pose estimation process. Given an uncontrolled, real-world scene as input, our approach estimates the ground-plane location and the dimensions of the physical body model. It then recovers the physical motion by performing trajectory optimization. The advantage of our formulation is that it readily generalizes to a variety of scenes that might have diverse ground properties and supports any form of self-contact and contact between the articulated body and scene geometry. We show that our approach achieves competitive results with respect to existing physics-based methods on the Human3.6M benchmark, while being directly applicable without re-training to more complex dynamic motions from the AIST benchmark and to uncontrolled internet videos.      
### 52.Wavelet Feature Maps Compression for Image-to-Image CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12268.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are known for requiring extensive computational resources, and quantization is among the best and most common methods for compressing them. While aggressive quantization (i.e., less than 4-bits) performs well for classification, it may cause severe performance degradation in image-to-image tasks such as semantic segmentation and depth estimation. In this paper, we propose Wavelet Compressed Convolution (WCC) -- a novel approach for high-resolution activation maps compression integrated with point-wise convolutions, which are the main computational cost of modern architectures. To this end, we use an efficient and hardware-friendly Haar-wavelet transform, known for its effectiveness in image compression, and define the convolution on the compressed activation map. We experiment on various tasks, that benefit from high-resolution input, and by combining WCC with light quantization, we achieve compression rates equivalent to 1-4bit activation quantization with relatively small and much more graceful degradation in performance.      
### 53.Action Recognition for American Sign Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12261.pdf)
>  In this research, we present our findings to recognize American Sign Language from series of hand gestures. While most researches in literature focus only on static handshapes, our work target dynamic hand gestures. Since dynamic signs dataset are very few, we collect an initial dataset of 150 videos for 10 signs and an extension of 225 videos for 15 signs. We apply transfer learning models in combination with deep neural networks and background subtraction for videos in different temporal settings. Our primarily results show that we can get an accuracy of $0.86$ and $0.71$ using DenseNet201, LSTM with video sequence of 12 frames accordingly.      
### 54.DH-GAN: A Physics-driven Untrained Generative Adversarial Network for 3D Microscopic Imaging using Digital Holography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12920.pdf)
>  Digital holography is a 3D imaging technique by emitting a laser beam with a plane wavefront to an object and measuring the intensity of the diffracted waveform, called holograms. The object's 3D shape can be obtained by numerical analysis of the captured holograms and recovering the incurred phase. Recently, deep learning (DL) methods have been used for more accurate holographic processing. However, most supervised methods require large datasets to train the model, which is rarely available in most DH applications due to the scarcity of samples or privacy concerns. A few one-shot DL-based recovery methods exist with no reliance on large datasets of paired images. Still, most of these methods often neglect the underlying physics law that governs wave propagation. These methods offer a black-box operation, which is not explainable, generalizable, and transferrable to other samples and applications. In this work, we propose a new DL architecture based on generative adversarial networks that uses a discriminative network for realizing a semantic measure for reconstruction quality while using a generative network as a function approximator to model the inverse of hologram formation. We impose smoothness on the background part of the recovered image using a progressive masking module powered by simulated annealing to enhance the reconstruction quality. The proposed method is one of its kind that exhibits high transferability to similar samples, which facilitates its fast deployment in time-sensitive applications without the need for retraining the network. The results show a considerable improvement to competitor methods in reconstruction quality (about 5 dB PSNR gain) and robustness to noise (about 50% reduction in PSNR vs noise increase rate).      
### 55.RADNet: Ensemble Model for Robust Glaucoma Classification in Color Fundus Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12902.pdf)
>  Glaucoma is one of the most severe eye diseases, characterized by rapid progression and leading to irreversible blindness. It is often the case that pathology diagnostics is carried out when the one's sight has already significantly degraded due to the lack of noticeable symptoms at early stage of the disease. Regular glaucoma screenings of the population shall improve early-stage detection, however the desirable frequency of etymological checkups is often not feasible due to excessive load imposed by manual diagnostics on limited number of specialists. Considering the basic methodology to detect glaucoma is to analyze fundus images for the \textit{optic-disc-to-optic-cup ratio}, Machine Learning domain can offer sophisticated tooling for image processing and classification. In our work, we propose an advanced image pre-processing technique combined with an ensemble of deep classification networks. Our \textit{Retinal Auto Detection (RADNet)} model has been successfully tested on Rotterdam EyePACS AIROGS train dataset with AUC of 0.92, and then additionally finetuned and tested on a fraction of RIM-ONE DL dataset with AUC of 0.91.      
### 56.Structure Unbiased Adversarial Model for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12857.pdf)
>  Generative models have been widely proposed in image recognition to generate more images where the distribution is similar to that of the real images. It often introduces a discriminator network to discriminate original real data and generated data. <br>However, such discriminator often considers the distribution of the data and did not pay enough attention to the intrinsic gap due to structure. <br>In this paper, we reformulate a new image to image translation problem to reduce structural gap, in addition to the typical intensity distribution gap. We further propose a simple yet important Structure Unbiased Adversarial Model for Medical Image Segmentation (SUAM) with learnable inverse structural deformation for medical image segmentation. It consists of a structure extractor, an attention diffeomorphic registration and a structure \&amp; intensity distribution rendering module. The structure extractor aims to extract the dominant structure of the input image. The attention diffeomorphic registration is proposed to reduce the structure gap with an inverse deformation field to warp the prediction masks back to their original form. The structure rendering module is to render the deformed structure to an image with targeted intensity distribution. We apply the proposed SUAM on both optical coherence tomography (OCT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and computerized tomography (CT) data. Experimental results show that the proposed method has the capability to transfer both intensity and structure distributions.      
### 57.A Comparative Study of Gastric Histopathology Sub-size Image Classification: from Linear Regression to Visual Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12843.pdf)
>  Gastric cancer is the fifth most common cancer in the world. At the same time, it is also the fourth most deadly cancer. Early detection of cancer exists as a guide for the treatment of gastric cancer. Nowadays, computer technology has advanced rapidly to assist physicians in the diagnosis of pathological pictures of gastric cancer. Ensemble learning is a way to improve the accuracy of algorithms, and finding multiple learning models with complementarity types is the basis of ensemble learning. The complementarity of sub-size pathology image classifiers when machine performance is insufficient is explored in this experimental platform. We choose seven classical machine learning classifiers and four deep learning classifiers for classification experiments on the GasHisSDB database. Among them, classical machine learning algorithms extract five different image virtual features to match multiple classifier algorithms. For deep learning, we choose three convolutional neural network classifiers. In addition, we also choose a novel Transformer-based classifier. The experimental platform, in which a large number of classical machine learning and deep learning methods are performed, demonstrates that there are differences in the performance of different classifiers on GasHisSDB. Classical machine learning models exist for classifiers that classify Abnormal categories very well, while classifiers that excel in classifying Normal categories also exist. Deep learning models also exist with multiple models that can be complementarity. Suitable classifiers are selected for ensemble learning, when machine performance is insufficient. This experimental platform demonstrates that multiple classifiers are indeed complementarity and can improve the efficiency of ensemble learning. This can better assist doctors in diagnosis, improve the detection of gastric cancer, and increase the cure rate.      
### 58.An Evolutionary Approach to Dynamic Introduction of Tasks in Large-scale Multitask Learning Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12755.pdf)
>  Multitask learning assumes that models capable of learning from multiple tasks can achieve better quality and efficiency via knowledge transfer, a key feature of human learning. Though, state of the art ML models rely on high customization for each task and leverage size and data scale rather than scaling the number of tasks. Also, continual learning, that adds the temporal aspect to multitask, is often focused to the study of common pitfalls such as catastrophic forgetting instead of being studied at a large scale as a critical component to build the next generation artificial intelligence. We propose an evolutionary method that can generate a large scale multitask model, and can support the dynamic and continuous addition of new tasks. The generated multitask model is sparsely activated and integrates a task-based routing that guarantees bounded compute cost and fewer added parameters per task as the model expands. The proposed method relies on a knowledge compartmentalization technique to achieve immunity against catastrophic forgetting and other common pitfalls such as gradient interference and negative transfer. We empirically show that the proposed method can jointly solve and achieve competitive results on 69image classification tasks, for example achieving the best test accuracy reported fora model trained only on public data for competitive tasks such as cifar10: 99.43%.      
### 59.COVID-19 Severity Classification on Chest X-ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12705.pdf)
>  Biomedical imaging analysis combined with artificial intelligence (AI) methods has proven to be quite valuable in order to diagnose COVID-19. So far, various classification models have been used for diagnosing COVID-19. However, classification of patients based on their severity level is not yet analyzed. In this work, we classify covid images based on the severity of the infection. First, we pre-process the X-ray images using a median filter and histogram equalization. Enhanced X-ray images are then augmented using SMOTE technique for achieving a balanced dataset. Pre-trained Resnet50, VGG16 model and SVM classifier are then used for feature extraction and classification. The result of the classification model confirms that compared with the alternatives, with chest X-Ray images, the ResNet-50 model produced remarkable classification results in terms of accuracy (95%), recall (0.94), and F1-Score (0.92), and precision (0.91).      
### 60.Multimodal Knowledge Alignment with Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12630.pdf)
>  Large language models readily adapt to novel settings, even without task-specific training data. Can their zero-shot capacity be extended to multimodal inputs? In this work, we propose ESPER which extends language-only zero-shot models to unseen multimodal tasks, like image and audio captioning. Our key novelty is to use reinforcement learning to align multimodal inputs to language model generations without direct supervision: for example, in the image case our reward optimization relies only on cosine similarity derived from CLIP, and thus requires no additional explicitly paired (image, caption) data. Because the parameters of the language model are left unchanged, the model maintains its capacity for zero-shot generalization. Experiments demonstrate that ESPER outperforms baselines and prior work on a variety of zero-shot tasks; these include a new benchmark we collect+release, ESP dataset, which tasks models with generating several diversely-styled captions for each image.      
### 61.DisinfoMeme: A Multimodal Dataset for Detecting Meme Intentionally Spreading Out Disinformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12617.pdf)
>  Disinformation has become a serious problem on social media. In particular, given their short format, visual attraction, and humorous nature, memes have a significant advantage in dissemination among online communities, making them an effective vehicle for the spread of disinformation. We present DisinfoMeme to help detect disinformation memes. The dataset contains memes mined from Reddit covering three current topics: the COVID-19 pandemic, the Black Lives Matter movement, and veganism/vegetarianism. The dataset poses multiple unique challenges: limited data and label imbalance, reliance on external knowledge, multimodal reasoning, layout dependency, and noise from OCR. We test multiple widely-used unimodal and multimodal models on this dataset. The experiments show that the room for improvement is still huge for current models.      
### 62.Deniable Steganography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12587.pdf)
>  Steganography conceals the secret message into the cover media, generating a stego media which can be transmitted on public channels without drawing suspicion. As its countermeasure, steganalysis mainly aims to detect whether the secret message is hidden in a given media. Although the steganography techniques are improving constantly, the sophisticated steganalysis can always break a known steganographic method to some extent. With a stego media discovered, the adversary could find out the sender or receiver and coerce them to disclose the secret message, which we name as coercive attack in this paper. Inspired by the idea of deniable encryption, we build up the concepts of deniable steganography for the first time and discuss the feasible constructions for it. As an example, we propose a receiver-deniable steganographic scheme to deal with the receiver-side coercive attack using deep neural networks (DNN). Specifically, besides the real secret message, a piece of fake message is also embedded into the cover. On the receiver side, the real message can be extracted with an extraction module; while once the receiver has to surrender a piece of secret message under coercive attack, he can extract the fake message to deceive the adversary with another extraction module. Experiments demonstrate the scalability and sensitivity of the DNN-based receiver-deniable steganographic scheme.      
### 63.Structured Uncertainty in the Observation Space of Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12533.pdf)
>  Variational autoencoders (VAEs) are a popular class of deep generative models with many variants and a wide range of applications. Improvements upon the standard VAE mostly focus on the modelling of the posterior distribution over the latent space and the properties of the neural network decoder. In contrast, improving the model for the observational distribution is rarely considered and typically defaults to a pixel-wise independent categorical or normal distribution. In image synthesis, sampling from such distributions produces spatially-incoherent results with uncorrelated pixel noise, resulting in only the sample mean being somewhat useful as an output prediction. In this paper, we aim to stay true to VAE theory by improving the samples from the observational distribution. We propose an alternative model for the observation space, encoding spatial dependencies via a low-rank parameterisation. We demonstrate that this new observational distribution has the ability to capture relevant covariance between pixels, resulting in spatially-coherent samples. In contrast to pixel-wise independent distributions, our samples seem to contain semantically meaningful variations from the mean allowing the prediction of multiple plausible outputs with a single forward pass.      
### 64.Skin Cancer Diagnostics with an All-Inclusive Smartphone Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12438.pdf)
>  Among the different types of skin cancer, melanoma is considered to be the deadliest and is difficult to treat at advanced stages. Detection of melanoma at earlier stages can lead to reduced mortality rates. Desktop-based computer-aided systems have been developed to assist dermatologists with early diagnosis. However, there is significant interest in developing portable, at-home melanoma diagnostic systems which can assess the risk of cancerous skin lesions. Here, we present a smartphone application that combines image capture capabilities with preprocessing and segmentation to extract the Asymmetry, Border irregularity, Color variegation, and Diameter (ABCD) features of a skin lesion. Using the feature sets, classification of malignancy is achieved through support vector machine classifiers. By using adaptive algorithms in the individual data-processing stages, our approach is made computationally light, user friendly, and reliable in discriminating melanoma cases from benign ones. Images of skin lesions are either captured with the smartphone camera or imported from public datasets. The entire process from image capture to classification runs on an Android smartphone equipped with a detachable 10x lens, and processes an image in less than a second. The overall performance metrics are evaluated on a public database of 200 images with Synthetic Minority Over-sampling Technique (SMOTE) (80% sensitivity, 90% specificity, 88% accuracy, and 0.85 area under curve (AUC)) and without SMOTE (55% sensitivity, 95% specificity, 90% accuracy, and 0.75 AUC). The evaluated performance metrics and computation times are comparable or better than previous methods. This all-inclusive smartphone application is designed to be easy-to-download and easy-to-navigate for the end user, which is imperative for the eventual democratization of such medical diagnostic systems.      
### 65.Interaction of a priori Anatomic Knowledge with Self-Supervised Contrastive Learning in Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.12429.pdf)
>  Training deep learning models on cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) can be a challenge due to the small amount of expert generated labels and inherent complexity of data source. Self-supervised contrastive learning (SSCL) has recently been shown to boost performance in several medical imaging tasks. However, it is unclear how much the pre-trained representation reflects the primary organ of interest compared to spurious surrounding tissue. In this work, we evaluate the optimal method of incorporating prior knowledge of anatomy into a SSCL training paradigm. Specifically, we evaluate using a segmentation network to explicitly local the heart in CMR images, followed by SSCL pretraining in multiple diagnostic tasks. We find that using a priori knowledge of anatomy can greatly improve the downstream diagnostic performance. Furthermore, SSCL pre-training with in-domain data generally improved downstream performance and more human-like saliency compared to end-to-end training and ImageNet pre-trained networks. However, introducing anatomic knowledge to pre-training generally does not have significant impact.      
