# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 3 May 2022
### 1.ComPhy: Compositional Physical Reasoning of Objects and Events from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01089.pdf)
>  Objects' motions in nature are governed by complex interactions and their properties. While some properties, such as shape and material, can be identified via the object's visual appearances, others like mass and electric charge are not directly visible. The compositionality between the visible and hidden properties poses unique challenges for AI models to reason from the physical world, whereas humans can effortlessly infer them with limited observations. Existing studies on video reasoning mainly focus on visually observable elements such as object appearance, movement, and contact interaction. In this paper, we take an initial step to highlight the importance of inferring the hidden physical properties not directly observable from visual appearances, by introducing the Compositional Physical Reasoning (ComPhy) dataset. For a given set of objects, ComPhy includes few videos of them moving and interacting under different initial conditions. The model is evaluated based on its capability to unravel the compositional hidden properties, such as mass and charge, and use this knowledge to answer a set of questions posted on one of the videos. Evaluation results of several state-of-the-art video reasoning models on ComPhy show unsatisfactory performance as they fail to capture these hidden properties. We further propose an oracle neural-symbolic framework named Compositional Physics Learner (CPL), combining visual perception, physical property learning, dynamic prediction, and symbolic execution into a unified framework. CPL can effectively identify objects' physical properties from their interactions and predict their dynamics to answer questions.      
### 2.Incomplete Gamma Kernels: Generalizing Locally Optimal Projection Operators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01087.pdf)
>  We present incomplete gamma kernels, a generalization of Locally Optimal Projection (LOP) operators. In particular, we reveal the relation of the classical localized $ L_1 $ estimator, used in the LOP operator for surface reconstruction from noisy point clouds, to the common Mean Shift framework via a novel kernel. Furthermore, we generalize this result to a whole family of kernels that are built upon the incomplete gamma function and each represents a localized $ L_p $ estimator. By deriving various properties of the kernel family concerning distributional, Mean Shift induced, and other aspects such as strict positive definiteness, we obtain a deeper understanding of the operator's projection behavior. From these theoretical insights, we illustrate several applications ranging from an improved Weighted LOP (WLOP) density weighting scheme and a more accurate Continuous LOP (CLOP) kernel approximation to the definition of a novel set of robust loss functions. These incomplete gamma losses include the Gaussian and LOP loss as special cases and can be applied for reconstruction tasks such as normal filtering. We demonstrate the effects of each application in a range of quantitative and qualitative experiments that highlight the benefits induced by our modifications.      
### 3.Open-Set Semi-Supervised Learning for 3D Point Cloud Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01006.pdf)
>  Semantic understanding of 3D point cloud relies on learning models with massively annotated data, which, in many cases, are expensive or difficult to collect. This has led to an emerging research interest in semi-supervised learning (SSL) for 3D point cloud. It is commonly assumed in SSL that the unlabeled data are drawn from the same distribution as that of the labeled ones; This assumption, however, rarely holds true in realistic environments. Blindly using out-of-distribution (OOD) unlabeled data could harm SSL performance. In this work, we propose to selectively utilize unlabeled data through sample weighting, so that only conducive unlabeled data would be prioritized. To estimate the weights, we adopt a bi-level optimization framework which iteratively optimizes a metaobjective on a held-out validation set and a task-objective on a training set. Faced with the instability of efficient bi-level optimizers, we further propose three regularization techniques to enhance the training stability. Extensive experiments on 3D point cloud classification and segmentation tasks verify the effectiveness of our proposed method. We also demonstrate the feasibility of a more efficient training strategy.      
### 4.Detection Recovery in Online Multi-Object Tracking with Sparse Graph Tracker  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00968.pdf)
>  Joint object detection and online multi-object tracking (JDT) methods have been proposed recently to achieve one-shot tracking. Yet, existing works overlook the importance of detection itself and often result in missed detections when confronted by occlusions or motion blurs. The missed detections affect not only detection performance but also tracking performance due to inconsistent tracklets. Hence, we propose a new JDT model that recovers the missed detections while associating the detection candidates of consecutive frames by learning object-level spatio-temporal consistency through edge features in a Graph Neural Network (GNN). Our proposed model Sparse Graph Tracker (SGT) converts video data into a graph, where the nodes are top-$K$ scored detection candidates, and the edges are relations between the nodes at different times, such as position difference and visual similarity. Two nodes are connected if they are close in either a Euclidean or feature space, generating a sparsely connected graph. Without motion prediction or Re-Identification (ReID), the association is performed by predicting an edge score representing the probability that two connected nodes refer to the same object. Under the online setting, our SGT achieves state-of-the-art (SOTA) on the MOT17/20 Detection and MOT16/20 benchmarks in terms of AP and MOTA, respectively. Especially, SGT surpasses the previous SOTA on the crowded dataset MOT20 where partial occlusion cases are dominant, showing the effectiveness of detection recovery against partial occlusion. Code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HYUNJS/SGT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Monocular 3D Fingerprint Reconstruction and Unwarping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00967.pdf)
>  Compared with contact-based fingerprint acquisition techniques, contactless acquisition has the advantages of less skin distortion, larger fingerprint area, and hygienic acquisition. However, perspective distortion is a challenge in contactless fingerprint recognition, which changes ridge orientation, frequency, and minutiae location, and thus causes degraded recognition accuracy. We propose a learning based shape from texture algorithm to reconstruct a 3D finger shape from a single image and unwarp the raw image to suppress perspective distortion. Experimental results on contactless fingerprint databases show that the proposed method has high 3D reconstruction accuracy. Matching experiments on contactless-contact and contactless-contactless matching prove that the proposed method improves matching accuracy.      
### 6.Leaf Tar Spot Detection Using RGB Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00952.pdf)
>  Tar spot disease is a fungal disease that appears as a series of black circular spots containing spores on corn leaves. Tar spot has proven to be an impactful disease in terms of reducing crop yield. To quantify disease progression, experts usually have to visually phenotype leaves from the plant. This process is very time-consuming and is difficult to incorporate in any high-throughput phenotyping system. Deep neural networks could provide quick, automated tar spot detection with sufficient ground truth. However, manually labeling tar spots in images to serve as ground truth is also tedious and time-consuming. In this paper we first describe an approach that uses automated image analysis tools to generate ground truth images that are then used for training a Mask R-CNN. We show that a Mask R-CNN can be used effectively to detect tar spots in close-up images of leaf surfaces. We additionally show that the Mask R-CNN can also be used for in-field images of whole leaves to capture the number of tar spots and area of the leaf infected by the disease.      
### 7.Answer-Me: Multi-Task Open-Vocabulary Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00949.pdf)
>  We present Answer-Me, a task-aware multi-task framework which unifies a variety of question answering tasks, such as, visual question answering, visual entailment, visual reasoning. In contrast to previous works using contrastive or generative captioning training, we propose a novel and simple recipe to pre-train a vision-language joint model, which is multi-task as well. The pre-training uses only noisy image captioning data, and is formulated to use the entire architecture end-to-end with both a strong language encoder and decoder. Our results show state-of-the-art performance, zero-shot generalization, robustness to forgetting, and competitive single-task results across a variety of question answering tasks. Our multi-task mixture training learns from tasks of various question intents and thus generalizes better, including on zero-shot vision-language tasks. We conduct experiments in the challenging multi-task and open-vocabulary settings and across a variety of datasets and tasks, such as VQA2.0, SNLI-VE, NLVR2, GQA, VizWiz. We observe that the proposed approach is able to generalize to unseen tasks and that more diverse mixtures lead to higher accuracy in both known and novel tasks.      
### 8.Assessing unconstrained surgical cuttings in VR using CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00934.pdf)
>  We present a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) suitable to assess unconstrained surgical cuttings, trained on a dataset created with a data augmentation technique.      
### 9.Understanding CNNs from excitations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00932.pdf)
>  For instance-level explanation, in order to reveal the relations between high-level semantics and detailed spatial information, this paper proposes a novel cognitive approach to neural networks, which named PANE. Under the guidance of PANE, a novel saliency map representation method, named IOM, is proposed for CNN-like models. We make the comparison with eight state-of-the-art saliency map representation methods. The experimental results show that IOM far outperforms baselines. The work of this paper may bring a new perspective to understand deep neural networks.      
### 10.MemSeg: A semi-supervised method for image surface defect detection using differences and commonalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00908.pdf)
>  Under the semi-supervised framework, we propose an end-to-end memory-based segmentation network (MemSeg) to detect surface defects on industrial products. Considering the small intra-class variance of products in the same production line, from the perspective of differences and commonalities, MemSeg introduces artificially simulated abnormal samples and memory samples to assist the learning of the network. In the training phase, MemSeg explicitly learns the potential differences between normal and simulated abnormal images to obtain a robust classification hyperplane. At the same time, inspired by the mechanism of human memory, MemSeg uses a memory pool to store the general patterns of normal samples. By comparing the similarities and differences between input samples and memory samples in the memory pool to give effective guesses about abnormal regions; In the inference phase, MemSeg directly determines the abnormal regions of the input image in an end-to-end manner. Through experimental validation, MemSeg achieves the state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance on MVTec AD datasets with AUC scores of 99.56% and 98.84% at the image-level and pixel-level, respectively. In addition, MemSeg also has a significant advantage in inference speed benefiting from the end-to-end and straightforward network structure, which better meets the real-time requirement in industrial scenarios.      
### 11.On the generalization capabilities of FSL methods through domain adaptation: a case study in endoscopic kidney stone image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00895.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown great promise in diverse areas of computer vision, such as image classification, object detection and semantic segmentation, among many others. However, as it has been repeatedly demonstrated, deep learning methods trained on a dataset do not generalize well to datasets from other domains or even to similar datasets, due to data distribution shifts. In this work, we propose the use of a meta-learning based few-shot learning approach to alleviate these problems. In order to demonstrate its efficacy, we use two datasets of kidney stones samples acquired with different endoscopes and different acquisition conditions. The results show how such methods are indeed capable of handling domain-shifts by attaining an accuracy of 74.38% and 88.52% in the 5-way 5-shot and 5-way 20-shot settings respectively. Instead, in the same dataset, traditional Deep Learning (DL) methods attain only an accuracy of 45%.      
### 12.Cross-Domain Correlation Distillation for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Nighttime Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00858.pdf)
>  The performance of nighttime semantic segmentation is restricted by the poor illumination and a lack of pixel-wise annotation, which severely limit its application in autonomous driving. Existing works, e.g., using the twilight as the intermediate target domain to perform the adaptation from daytime to nighttime, may fail to cope with the inherent difference between datasets caused by the camera equipment and the urban style. Faced with these two types of domain shifts, i.e., the illumination and the inherent difference of the datasets, we propose a novel domain adaptation framework via cross-domain correlation distillation, called CCDistill. The invariance of illumination or inherent difference between two images is fully explored so as to make up for the lack of labels for nighttime images. Specifically, we extract the content and style knowledge contained in features, calculate the degree of inherent or illumination difference between two images. The domain adaptation is achieved using the invariance of the same kind of difference. Extensive experiments on Dark Zurich and ACDC demonstrate that CCDistill achieves the state-of-the-art performance for nighttime semantic segmentation. Notably, our method is a one-stage domain adaptation network which can avoid affecting the inference time. Our implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ghuan99/CCDistill" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Stability-driven Contact Reconstruction From Monocular Color Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00848.pdf)
>  Physical contact provides additional constraints for hand-object state reconstruction as well as a basis for further understanding of interaction affordances. Estimating these severely occluded regions from monocular images presents a considerable challenge. Existing methods optimize the hand-object contact driven by distance threshold or prior from contact-labeled datasets. However, due to the number of subjects and objects involved in these indoor datasets being limited, the learned contact patterns could not be generalized easily. Our key idea is to reconstruct the contact pattern directly from monocular images, and then utilize the physical stability criterion in the simulation to optimize it. This criterion is defined by the resultant forces and contact distribution computed by the physics engine.Compared to existing solutions, our framework can be adapted to more personalized hands and diverse object shapes. Furthermore, an interaction dataset with extra physical attributes is created to verify the sim-to-real consistency of our methods. Through comprehensive evaluations, hand-object contact can be reconstructed with both accuracy and stability by the proposed framework.      
### 14.APP-Net: Auxiliary-point-based Push and Pull Operations for Efficient Point Cloud Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00847.pdf)
>  Point-cloud-based 3D classification task involves aggregating features from neighbor points. In previous works, each source point is often selected as a neighbor by multiple center points. Thus each source point has to participate in calculation multiple times with high memory consumption. Meanwhile, to pursue higher accuracy, these methods rely on a complex local aggregator to extract fine geometric representation, which slows down the network. To address these issues, we propose a new local aggregator of linear complexity, coined as APP. Specifically, we introduce an auxiliary container as an anchor to exchange features between the source point and the aggregating center. Each source point pushes its feature to only one auxiliary container, and each center point pulls features from only one auxiliary container. This avoids the re-computation of each source point. To facilitate the learning of the local structure, we use an online normal estimation module to provide the explainable geometric information to enhance our APP modeling capability. The constructed network is more efficient than all the previous baselines with a clear margin while only occupying a low memory. Experiments on both synthetic and real datasets verify that APP-Net reaches comparable accuracies with other networks. We will release the complete code to help others reproduce the APP-Net.      
### 15.GPUNet: Searching the Deployable Convolution Neural Networks for GPUs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00841.pdf)
>  Customizing Convolution Neural Networks (CNN) for production use has been a challenging task for DL practitioners. This paper intends to expedite the model customization with a model hub that contains the optimized models tiered by their inference latency using Neural Architecture Search (NAS). To achieve this goal, we build a distributed NAS system to search on a novel search space that consists of prominent factors to impact latency and accuracy. Since we target GPU, we name the NAS optimized models as GPUNet, which establishes a new SOTA Pareto frontier in inference latency and accuracy. Within 1$ms$, GPUNet is 2x faster than EfficientNet-X and FBNetV3 with even better accuracy. We also validate GPUNet on detection tasks, and GPUNet consistently outperforms EfficientNet-X and FBNetV3 on COCO detection tasks in both latency and accuracy. All of these data validate that our NAS system is effective and generic to handle different design tasks. With this NAS system, we expand GPUNet to cover a wide range of latency targets such that DL practitioners can deploy our models directly in different scenarios.      
### 16.CenterCLIP: Token Clustering for Efficient Text-Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00823.pdf)
>  Recently, large-scale pre-training methods like CLIP have made great progress in multi-modal research such as text-video retrieval. In CLIP, transformers are vital for modeling complex multi-modal relations. However, in the vision transformer of CLIP, the essential visual tokenization process, which produces discrete visual token sequences, generates many homogeneous tokens due to the redundancy nature of consecutive and similar frames in videos. This significantly increases computation costs and hinders the deployment of video retrieval models in web applications. In this paper, to reduce the number of redundant video tokens, we design a multi-segment token clustering algorithm to find the most representative tokens and drop the non-essential ones. As the frame redundancy occurs mostly in consecutive frames, we divide videos into multiple segments and conduct segment-level clustering. Center tokens from each segment are later concatenated into a new sequence, while their original spatial-temporal relations are well maintained. We instantiate two clustering algorithms to efficiently find deterministic medoids and iteratively partition groups in high dimensional space. Through this token clustering and center selection procedure, we successfully reduce computation costs by removing redundant visual tokens. This method further enhances segment-level semantic alignment between video and text representations, enforcing the spatio-temporal interactions of tokens from within-segment frames. Our method, coined as CenterCLIP, surpasses existing state-of-the-art by a large margin on typical text-video benchmarks, while reducing the training memory cost by 35\% and accelerating the inference speed by 14\% at the best case. The code is available at \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mzhaoshuai/CenterCLIP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mzhaoshuai/CenterCLIP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 17.Rethinking Gradient Operator for Exposing AI-enabled Face Forgeries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00767.pdf)
>  For image forensics, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) tend to learn content features rather than subtle manipulation traces, which limits forensic performance. Existing methods predominantly solve the above challenges by following a general pipeline, that is, subtracting the original pixel value from the predicted pixel value to make CNNs pay attention to the manipulation traces. However, due to the complicated learning mechanism, these methods may bring some unnecessary performance losses. In this work, we rethink the advantages of gradient operator in exposing face forgery, and design two plug-and-play modules by combining gradient operator with CNNs, namely tensor pre-processing (TP) and manipulation trace attention (MTA) module. Specifically, TP module refines the feature tensor of each channel in the network by gradient operator to highlight the manipulation traces and improve the feature representation. Moreover, MTA module considers two dimensions, namely channel and manipulation traces, to force the network to learn the distribution of manipulation traces. These two modules can be seamlessly integrated into CNNs for end-to-end training. Experiments show that the proposed network achieves better results than prior works on five public datasets. Especially, TP module greatly improves the accuracy by at least 4.60% compared with the existing pre-processing module only via simple tensor refinement. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/EricGzq/GocNet-pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Point Cloud Compression with Sibling Context and Surface Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00760.pdf)
>  We present a novel octree-based multi-level framework for large-scale point cloud compression, which can organize sparse and unstructured point clouds in a memory-efficient way. In this framework, we propose a new entropy model that explores the hierarchical dependency in an octree using the context of siblings' children, ancestors, and neighbors to encode the occupancy information of each non-leaf octree node into a bitstream. Moreover, we locally fit quadratic surfaces with a voxel-based geometry-aware module to provide geometric priors in entropy encoding. These strong priors empower our entropy framework to encode the octree into a more compact bitstream. In the decoding stage, we apply a two-step heuristic strategy to restore point clouds with better reconstruction quality. The quantitative evaluation shows that our method outperforms state-of-the-art baselines with a bitrate improvement of 11-16% and 12-14% on the KITTI Odometry and nuScenes datasets, respectively.      
### 19.Exposing Deepfake Face Forgeries with Guided Residuals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00753.pdf)
>  Residual-domain feature is very useful for Deepfake detection because it suppresses irrelevant content features and preserves key manipulation traces. However, inappropriate residual prediction will bring side effects on detection accuracy. In addition, residual-domain features are easily affected by image operations such as compression. Most existing works exploit either spatial-domain features or residual-domain features, while neglecting that two types of features are mutually correlated. In this paper, we propose a guided residuals network, namely GRnet, which fuses spatial-domain and residual-domain features in a mutually reinforcing way, to expose face images generated by Deepfake. Different from existing prediction based residual extraction methods, we propose a manipulation trace extractor (MTE) to directly remove the content features and preserve manipulation traces. MTE is a fine-grained method that can avoid the potential bias caused by inappropriate prediction. Moreover, an attention fusion mechanism (AFM) is designed to selectively emphasize feature channel maps and adaptively allocate the weights for two streams. The experimental results show that the proposed GRnet achieves better performances than the state-of-the-art works on four public fake face datasets including HFF, FaceForensics++, DFDC and Celeb-DF. Especially, GRnet achieves an average accuracy of 97.72% on the HFF dataset, which is at least 5.25% higher than the existing works.      
### 20.Dual networks based 3D Multi-Person Pose Estimation from Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00748.pdf)
>  We propose the integration of top-down and bottom-up approaches to exploit their strengths. Our top-down network estimates human joints from all persons instead of one in an image patch, making it robust to possible erroneous bounding boxes. Our bottom-up network incorporates human-detection based normalized heatmaps, allowing the network to be more robust in handling scale variations. Finally, the estimated 3D poses from the top-down and bottom-up networks are fed into our integration network for final 3D poses. To address the common gaps between training and testing data, we do optimization during the test time, by refining the estimated 3D human poses using high-order temporal constraint, re-projection loss, and bone length regularization. We also introduce a two-person pose discriminator that enforces natural two-person interactions. Finally, we apply a semi-supervised method to overcome the 3D ground-truth data scarcity.      
### 21.3D Object Detection with a Self-supervised Lidar Scene Flow Backbone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00705.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art 3D detection methods rely on supervised learning and large labelled datasets. However, annotating lidar data is resource-consuming, and depending only on supervised learning limits the applicability of trained models. Against this backdrop, here we propose using a self-supervised training strategy to learn a general point cloud backbone model for downstream 3D vision tasks. 3D scene flow can be estimated with self-supervised learning using cycle consistency, which removes labelled data requirements. Moreover, the perception of objects in the traffic scenarios heavily relies on making sense of the sparse data in the spatio-temporal context. Our main contribution leverages learned flow and motion representations and combines a self-supervised backbone with a 3D detection head focusing mainly on the relation between the scene flow and detection tasks. In this way, self-supervised scene flow training constructs point motion features in the backbone, which help distinguish objects based on their different motion patterns used with a 3D detection head. Experiments on KITTI and nuScenes benchmarks show that the proposed self-supervised pre-training increases 3D detection performance significantly.      
### 22.A Multi-stage deep architecture for summary generation of soccer videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00694.pdf)
>  Video content is present in an ever-increasing number of fields, both scientific and commercial. Sports, particularly soccer, is one of the industries that has invested the most in the field of video analytics, due to the massive popularity of the game and the emergence of new markets. Previous state-of-the-art methods on soccer matches video summarization rely on handcrafted heuristics to generate summaries which are poorly generalizable, but these works have yet proven that multiple modalities help detect the best actions of the game. On the other hand, machine learning models with higher generalization potential have entered the field of summarization of general-purpose videos, offering several deep learning approaches. However, most of them exploit content specificities that are not appropriate for sport whole-match videos. Although video content has been for many years the main source for automatizing knowledge extraction in soccer, the data that records all the events happening on the field has become lately very important in sports analytics, since this event data provides richer context information and requires less processing. We propose a method to generate the summary of a soccer match exploiting both the audio and the event metadata. The results show that our method can detect the actions of the match, identify which of these actions should belong to the summary and then propose multiple candidate summaries which are similar enough but with relevant variability to provide different options to the final editor. Furthermore, we show the generalization capability of our work since it can transfer knowledge between datasets from different broadcasting companies, different competitions, acquired in different conditions, and corresponding to summaries of different lengths      
### 23.Deep Video Harmonization with Color Mapping Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00687.pdf)
>  Video harmonization aims to adjust the foreground of a composite video to make it compatible with the background. So far, video harmonization has only received limited attention and there is no public dataset for video harmonization. In this work, we construct a new video harmonization dataset HYouTube by adjusting the foreground of real videos to create synthetic composite videos. Moreover, we consider the temporal consistency in video harmonization task. Unlike previous works which establish the spatial correspondence, we design a novel framework based on the assumption of color mapping consistency, which leverages the color mapping of neighboring frames to refine the current frame. Extensive experiments on our HYouTube dataset prove the effectiveness of our proposed framework. Our dataset and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bcmi/Video-Harmonization-Dataset-HYouTube" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Revisiting Classical Multiclass Linear Discriminant Analysis with a Novel Prototype-based Interpretable Solution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00668.pdf)
>  Linear discriminant analysis (LDA) is a fundamental method for feature extraction and dimensionality reduction. Despite having many variants, classical LDA has its importance, as it is a keystone in human knowledge about pattern recognition. For a dataset containing $C$ clusters, the classical solution to LDA extracts at most $C-1$ features. In this paper, we introduce a novel solution to classical LDA, called LDA++, that yields $C$ features, each one interpretable as measuring similarity to one cluster. This novel solution bridges between dimensionality reduction and multiclass classification. Specifically, we prove that, under some mild conditions, the optimal weights of a linear multiclass classifier for homoscedastic Gaussian data also make an optimal solution to LDA. In addition, this novel interpretable solution reveals some new facts about LDA and its relation with PCA. We provide a complete numerical solution for our novel method, covering the cases 1) when the scatter matrices can be constructed explicitly, 2) when constructing the scatter matrices is infeasible, and 3) the kernel extension. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/k-ghiasi/LDA-plus-plus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Enhancing Adversarial Training with Feature Separability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00637.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Network (DNN) are vulnerable to adversarial attacks. As a countermeasure, adversarial training aims to achieve robustness based on the min-max optimization problem and it has shown to be one of the most effective defense strategies. However, in this work, we found that compared with natural training, adversarial training fails to learn better feature representations for either clean or adversarial samples, which can be one reason why adversarial training tends to have severe overfitting issues and less satisfied generalize performance. Specifically, we observe two major shortcomings of the features learned by existing adversarial training methods:(1) low intra-class feature similarity; and (2) conservative inter-classes feature variance. To overcome these shortcomings, we introduce a new concept of adversarial training graph (ATG) with which the proposed adversarial training with feature separability (ATFS) enables to coherently boost the intra-class feature similarity and increase inter-class feature variance. Through comprehensive experiments, we demonstrate that the proposed ATFS framework significantly improves both clean and robust performance.      
### 26.Design equivariant neural networks for 3D point cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00630.pdf)
>  This work seeks to improve the generalization and robustness of existing neural networks for 3D point clouds by inducing group equivariance under general group transformations. The main challenge when designing equivariant models for point clouds is how to trade-off the performance of the model and the complexity. Existing equivariant models are either too complicate to implement or very high complexity. The main aim of this study is to build a general procedure to introduce group equivariant property to SOTA models for 3D point clouds. The group equivariant models built form our procedure are simple to implement, less complexity in comparison with the existing ones, and they preserve the strengths of the original SOTA backbone. From the results of the experiments on object classification, it is shown that our methods are superior to other group equivariant models in performance and complexity. Moreover, our method also helps to improve the mIoU of semantic segmentation models. Overall, by using a combination of only-finite-rotation equivariance and augmentation, our models can outperform existing full $SO(3)$-equivariance models with much cheaper complexity and GPU memory. The proposed procedure is general and forms a fundamental approach to group equivariant neural networks. We believe that it can be easily adapted to other SOTA models in the future.      
### 27.DFC: Anatomically Informed Fiber Clustering with Self-supervised Deep Learning for Fast and Effective Tractography Parcellation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00627.pdf)
>  White matter fiber clustering (WMFC) parcellates tractography data into anatomically meaningful fiber bundles, usually in an unsupervised manner without the need of labeled ground truth data. While widely used WMFC approaches have shown good performance using classical machine learning techniques, recent advances in deep learning reveal a promising direction towards fast and effective WMFC. In this work, we propose a novel deep learning framework for WMFC, Deep Fiber Clustering (DFC), which solves the unsupervised clustering problem as a self-supervised learning task with a domain-specific pretext task to predict pairwise fiber distances. This accelerates the fiber representation learning to handle a known challenge in WMFC, i.e., the sensitivity of clustering results to the point ordering along fibers. We design a novel network architecture that represents input fibers as point clouds and allows the incorporation of additional sources of input information from gray matter parcellation. Thus DFC makes use of the combined white matter fiber geometry and gray matter anatomical parcellation to improve anatomical coherence of fiber clusters. In addition, DFC conducts outlier removal in a natural way by rejecting fibers with low cluster assignment probabilities. We evaluate DFC on three independently acquired cohorts (including data from 220 subjects) and compare it to several state-of-the-art WMFC algorithms. Experimental results demonstrate superior performance of DFC in terms of cluster compactness, generalization ability, anatomical coherence, and computational efficiency. In addition, DFC parcellates whole brain tractography with 50k fibers in about 1.5 minutes, providing a fast and efficient tool for large data analysis.      
### 28.MUTR3D: A Multi-camera Tracking Framework via 3D-to-2D Queries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00613.pdf)
>  Accurate and consistent 3D tracking from multiple cameras is a key component in a vision-based autonomous driving system. It involves modeling 3D dynamic objects in complex scenes across multiple cameras. This problem is inherently challenging due to depth estimation, visual occlusions, appearance ambiguity, etc. Moreover, objects are not consistently associated across time and cameras. To address that, we propose an end-to-end \textbf{MU}lti-camera \textbf{TR}acking framework called MUTR3D. In contrast to prior works, MUTR3D does not explicitly rely on the spatial and appearance similarity of objects. Instead, our method introduces \textit{3D track query} to model spatial and appearance coherent track for each object that appears in multiple cameras and multiple frames. We use camera transformations to link 3D trackers with their observations in 2D images. Each tracker is further refined according to the features that are obtained from camera images. MUTR3D uses a set-to-set loss to measure the difference between the predicted tracking results and the ground truths. Therefore, it does not require any post-processing such as non-maximum suppression and/or bounding box association. MUTR3D outperforms state-of-the-art methods by 5.3 AMOTA on the nuScenes dataset. Code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/a1600012888/MUTR3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 29.Using a novel fractional-order gradient method for CNN back-propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00581.pdf)
>  Computer-aided diagnosis tools have experienced rapid growth and development in recent years. Among all, deep learning is the most sophisticated and popular tool. In this paper, researchers propose a novel deep learning model and apply it to COVID-19 diagnosis. Our model uses the tool of fractional calculus, which has the potential to improve the performance of gradient methods. To this end, the researcher proposes a fractional-order gradient method for the back-propagation of convolutional neural networks based on the Caputo definition. However, if only the first term of the infinite series of the Caputo definition is used to approximate the fractional-order derivative, the length of the memory is truncated. Therefore, the fractional-order gradient (FGD) method with a fixed memory step and an adjustable number of terms is used to update the weights of the layers. Experiments were performed on the COVIDx dataset to demonstrate fast convergence, good accuracy, and the ability to bypass the local optimal point. We also compared the performance of the developed fractional-order neural networks and Integer-order neural networks. The results confirmed the effectiveness of our proposed model in the diagnosis of COVID-19.      
### 30.COUCH: Towards Controllable Human-Chair Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00541.pdf)
>  Humans interact with an object in many different ways by making contact at different locations, creating a highly complex motion space that can be difficult to learn, particularly when synthesizing such human interactions in a controllable manner. Existing works on synthesizing human scene interaction focus on the high-level control of action but do not consider the fine-grained control of motion. In this work, we study the problem of synthesizing scene interactions conditioned on different contact positions on the object. As a testbed to investigate this new problem, we focus on human-chair interaction as one of the most common actions which exhibit large variability in terms of contacts. We propose a novel synthesis framework COUCH that plans ahead the motion by predicting contact-aware control signals of the hands, which are then used to synthesize contact-conditioned interactions. Furthermore, we contribute a large human-chair interaction dataset with clean annotations, the COUCH Dataset. Our method shows significant quantitative and qualitative improvements over existing methods for human-object interactions. More importantly, our method enables control of the motion through user-specified or automatically predicted contacts.      
### 31.The Best of Both Worlds: Combining Model-based and Nonparametric Approaches for 3D Human Body Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00508.pdf)
>  Nonparametric based methods have recently shown promising results in reconstructing human bodies from monocular images while model-based methods can help correct these estimates and improve prediction. However, estimating model parameters from global image features may lead to noticeable misalignment between the estimated meshes and image evidence. To address this issue and leverage the best of both worlds, we propose a framework of three consecutive modules. A dense map prediction module explicitly establishes the dense UV correspondence between the image evidence and each part of the body model. The inverse kinematics module refines the key point prediction and generates a posed template mesh. Finally, a UV inpainting module relies on the corresponding feature, prediction and the posed template, and completes the predictions of occluded body shape. Our framework leverages the best of non-parametric and model-based methods and is also robust to partial occlusion. Experiments demonstrate that our framework outperforms existing 3D human estimation methods on multiple public benchmarks.      
### 32.Preserve Pre-trained Knowledge: Transfer Learning With Self-Distillation For Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00506.pdf)
>  Video-based action recognition is one of the most popular topics in computer vision. With recent advances of selfsupervised video representation learning approaches, action recognition usually follows a two-stage training framework, i.e., self-supervised pre-training on large-scale unlabeled sets and transfer learning on a downstream labeled set. However, catastrophic forgetting of the pre-trained knowledge becomes the main issue in the downstream transfer learning of action recognition, resulting in a sub-optimal solution. In this paper, to alleviate the above issue, we propose a novel transfer learning approach that combines self-distillation in fine-tuning to preserve knowledge from the pre-trained model learned from the large-scale dataset. Specifically, we fix the encoder from the last epoch as the teacher model to guide the training of the encoder from the current epoch in the transfer learning. With such a simple yet effective learning strategy, we outperform state-of-the-art methods on widely used UCF101 and HMDB51 datasets in action recognition task.      
### 33.Reinforced Swin-Convs Transformer for Underwater Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00434.pdf)
>  Underwater Image Enhancement (UIE) technology aims to tackle the challenge of restoring the degraded underwater images due to light absorption and scattering. To address problems, a novel U-Net based Reinforced Swin-Convs Transformer for the Underwater Image Enhancement method (URSCT-UIE) is proposed. Specifically, with the deficiency of U-Net based on pure convolutions, we embedded the Swin Transformer into U-Net for improving the ability to capture the global dependency. Then, given the inadequacy of the Swin Transformer capturing the local attention, the reintroduction of convolutions may capture more local attention. Thus, we provide an ingenious manner for the fusion of convolutions and the core attention mechanism to build a Reinforced Swin-Convs Transformer Block (RSCTB) for capturing more local attention, which is reinforced in the channel and the spatial attention of the Swin Transformer. Finally, the experimental results on available datasets demonstrate that the proposed URSCT-UIE achieves state-of-the-art performance compared with other methods in terms of both subjective and objective evaluations. The code will be released on GitHub after acceptance.      
### 34.UTC: A Unified Transformer with Inter-Task Contrastive Learning for Visual Dialog  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00423.pdf)
>  Visual Dialog aims to answer multi-round, interactive questions based on the dialog history and image content. Existing methods either consider answer ranking and generating individually or only weakly capture the relation across the two tasks implicitly by two separate models. The research on a universal framework that jointly learns to rank and generate answers in a single model is seldom explored. In this paper, we propose a contrastive learning-based framework UTC to unify and facilitate both discriminative and generative tasks in visual dialog with a single model. Specifically, considering the inherent limitation of the previous learning paradigm, we devise two inter-task contrastive losses i.e., context contrastive loss and answer contrastive loss to make the discriminative and generative tasks mutually reinforce each other. These two complementary contrastive losses exploit dialog context and target answer as anchor points to provide representation learning signals from different perspectives. We evaluate our proposed UTC on the VisDial v1.0 dataset, where our method outperforms the state-of-the-art on both discriminative and generative tasks and surpasses previous state-of-the-art generative methods by more than 2 absolute points on Recall@1.      
### 35.Convex Combination Consistency between Neighbors for Weakly-supervised Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00400.pdf)
>  In weakly-supervised temporal action localization (WS-TAL), the methods commonly follow the "localization by classification" procedure, which uses the snippet predictions to form video class scores and then optimizes a video classification loss. In this procedure, the snippet predictions (or snippet attention weights) are used to separate foreground and background. However, the snippet predictions are usually inaccurate due to absence of frame-wise labels, and then the overall performance is hindered. In this paper, we propose a novel C$^3$BN to achieve robust snippet predictions. C$^3$BN includes two key designs by exploring the inherent characteristics of video data. First, because of the natural continuity of adjacent snippets, we propose a micro data augmentation strategy to increase the diversity of snippets with convex combination of adjacent snippets. Second, we propose a macro-micro consistency regularization strategy to force the model to be invariant (or equivariant) to the transformations of snippets with respect to video semantics, snippet predictions and snippet features. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method on top of baselines for the WS-TAL tasks with video-level and point-level supervision.      
### 36.Geometric Graph Representation with Learnable Graph Structure and Adaptive AU Constraint for Micro-Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00380.pdf)
>  Micro-expression recognition (MER) is valuable because the involuntary nature of micro-expressions (MEs) can reveal genuine emotions. Most works recognize MEs by taking RGB videos or images as input. In fact, the activated facial regions in ME images are very small and the subtle motion can be easily submerged in the unrelated information. Facial landmarks are a low-dimensional and compact modality, which leads to much lower computational cost and can potentially concentrate more on ME-related features. However, the discriminability of landmarks for MER is not clear. Thus, this paper explores the contribution of facial landmarks and constructs a new framework to efficiently recognize MEs with sole facial landmark information. Specially, we design a separate structure module to separately aggregate the spatial and temporal information in the geometric movement graph based on facial landmarks, and a Geometric Two-Stream Graph Network is constructed to aggregate the low-order geometric information and high-order semantic information of facial landmarks. Furthermore, two core components are proposed to enhance features. Specifically, a semantic adjacency matrix can automatically model the relationship between nodes even long-distance nodes in a self-learning fashion; and an Adaptive Action Unit loss is introduced to guide the learning process such that the learned features are forced to have a synchronized pattern with facial action units. Notably, this work tackles MER only utilizing geometric features, processed based on a graph model, which provides a new idea with much higher efficiency to promote MER. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method can achieve competitive or even superior performance with a significantly reduced computational cost, and facial landmarks can significantly contribute to MER and are worth further study for efficient ME analysis.      
### 37.Traffic Context Aware Data Augmentation for Rare Object Detection in Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00376.pdf)
>  Detection of rare objects (e.g., traffic cones, traffic barrels and traffic warning triangles) is an important perception task to improve the safety of autonomous driving. Training of such models typically requires a large number of annotated data which is expensive and time consuming to obtain. To address the above problem, an emerging approach is to apply data augmentation to automatically generate cost-free training samples. In this work, we propose a systematic study on simple Copy-Paste data augmentation for rare object detection in autonomous driving. Specifically, local adaptive instance-level image transformation is introduced to generate realistic rare object masks from source domain to the target domain. Moreover, traffic scene context is utilized to guide the placement of masks of rare objects. To this end, our data augmentation generates training data with high quality and realistic characteristics by leveraging both local and global consistency. In addition, we build a new dataset named NM10k consisting 10k training images, 4k validation images and the corresponding labels with a diverse range of scenarios in autonomous driving. Experiments on NM10k show that our method achieves promising results on rare object detection. We also present a thorough study to illustrate the effectiveness of our local-adaptive and global constraints based Copy-Paste data augmentation for rare object detection. The data, development kit and more information of NM10k dataset are available online at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nullmax-vision.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 38.Fractional Vegetation Cover Estimation using Hough Lines and Linear Iterative Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00366.pdf)
>  A common requirement of plant breeding programs across the country is companion planting -- growing different species of plants in close proximity so they can mutually benefit each other. However, the determination of companion plants requires meticulous monitoring of plant growth. The technique of ocular monitoring is often laborious and error prone. The availability of image processing techniques can be used to address the challenge of plant growth monitoring and provide robust solutions that assist plant scientists to identify companion plants. This paper presents a new image processing algorithm to determine the amount of vegetation cover present in a given area, called fractional vegetation cover. The proposed technique draws inspiration from the trusted Daubenmire method for vegetation cover estimation and expands upon it. Briefly, the idea is to estimate vegetation cover from images containing multiple rows of plant species growing in close proximity separated by a multi-segment PVC frame of known size. The proposed algorithm applies a Hough Transform and Simple Linear Iterative Clustering (SLIC) to estimate the amount of vegetation cover within each segment of the PVC frame. The analysis when repeated over images captured at regular intervals of time provides crucial insights into plant growth. As a means of comparison, the proposed algorithm is compared with SamplePoint and Canopeo, two trusted applications used for vegetation cover estimation. The comparison shows a 99% similarity with both SamplePoint and Canopeo demonstrating the accuracy and feasibility of the algorithm for fractional vegetation cover estimation.      
### 39.RADNet: A Deep Neural Network Model for Robust Perception in Moving Autonomous Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00364.pdf)
>  Interactive autonomous applications require robustness of the perception engine to artifacts in unconstrained videos. In this paper, we examine the effect of camera motion on the task of action detection. We develop a novel ranking method to rank videos based on the degree of global camera motion. For the high ranking camera videos we show that the accuracy of action detection is decreased. We propose an action detection pipeline that is robust to the camera motion effect and verify it empirically. Specifically, we do actor feature alignment across frames and couple global scene features with local actor-specific features. We do feature alignment using a novel formulation of the Spatio-temporal Sampling Network (STSN) but with multi-scale offset prediction and refinement using a pyramid structure. We also propose a novel input dependent weighted averaging strategy for fusing local and global features. We show the applicability of our network on our dataset of moving camera videos with high camera motion (MOVE dataset) with a 4.1% increase in frame mAP and 17% increase in video mAP.      
### 40.LayoutBERT: Masked Language Layout Model for Object Insertion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00347.pdf)
>  Image compositing is one of the most fundamental steps in creative workflows. It involves taking objects/parts of several images to create a new image, called a composite. Currently, this process is done manually by creating accurate masks of objects to be inserted and carefully blending them with the target scene or images, usually with the help of tools such as Photoshop or GIMP. While there have been several works on automatic selection of objects for creating masks, the problem of object placement within an image with the correct position, scale, and harmony remains a difficult problem with limited exploration. Automatic object insertion in images or designs is a difficult problem as it requires understanding of the scene geometry and the color harmony between objects. We propose LayoutBERT for the object insertion task. It uses a novel self-supervised masked language model objective and bidirectional multi-head self-attention. It outperforms previous layout-based likelihood models and shows favorable properties in terms of model capacity. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for object insertion in the image compositing setting and other settings like documents and design templates. We further demonstrate the usefulness of the learned representations for layout-based retrieval tasks. We provide both qualitative and quantitative evaluations on datasets from diverse domains like COCO, PublayNet, and two new datasets which we call Image Layouts and Template Layouts. Image Layouts which consists of 5.8 million images with layout annotations is the largest image layout dataset to our knowledge. We also share ablation study results on the effect of dataset size, model size and class sample size for this task.      
### 41.Source Domain Subset Sampling for Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00312.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce source domain subset sampling (SDSS) as a new perspective of semi-supervised domain adaptation. We propose domain adaptation by sampling and exploiting only a meaningful subset from source data for training. Our key assumption is that the entire source domain data may contain samples that are unhelpful for the adaptation. Therefore, the domain adaptation can benefit from a subset of source data composed solely of helpful and relevant samples. The proposed method effectively subsamples full source data to generate a small-scale meaningful subset. Therefore, training time is reduced, and performance is improved with our subsampled source data. To further verify the scalability of our method, we construct a new dataset called Ocean Ship, which comprises 500 real and 200K synthetic sample images with ground-truth labels. The SDSS achieved a state-of-the-art performance when applied on GTA5 to Cityscapes and SYNTHIA to Cityscapes public benchmark datasets and a 9.13 mIoU improvement on our Ocean Ship dataset over a baseline model.      
### 42.Composition-aware Graphic Layout GAN for Visual-textual Presentation Designs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00303.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the graphic layout generation problem of producing high-quality visual-textual presentation designs for given images. We note that image compositions, which contain not only global semantics but also spatial information, would largely affect layout results. Hence, we propose a deep generative model, dubbed as composition-aware graphic layout GAN (CGL-GAN), to synthesize layouts based on the global and spatial visual contents of input images. To obtain training images from images that already contain manually designed graphic layout data, previous work suggests masking design elements (e.g., texts and embellishments) as model inputs, which inevitably leaves hint of the ground truth. We study the misalignment between the training inputs (with hint masks) and test inputs (without masks), and design a novel domain alignment module (DAM) to narrow this gap. For training, we built a large-scale layout dataset which consists of 60,548 advertising posters with annotated layout information. To evaluate the generated layouts, we propose three novel metrics according to aesthetic intuitions. Through both quantitative and qualitative evaluations, we demonstrate that the proposed model can synthesize high-quality graphic layouts according to image compositions.      
### 43.ONCE-3DLanes: Building Monocular 3D Lane Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00301.pdf)
>  We present ONCE-3DLanes, a real-world autonomous driving dataset with lane layout annotation in 3D space. Conventional 2D lane detection from a monocular image yields poor performance of following planning and control tasks in autonomous driving due to the case of uneven road. Predicting the 3D lane layout is thus necessary and enables effective and safe driving. However, existing 3D lane detection datasets are either unpublished or synthesized from a simulated environment, severely hampering the development of this field. In this paper, we take steps towards addressing these issues. By exploiting the explicit relationship between point clouds and image pixels, a dataset annotation pipeline is designed to automatically generate high-quality 3D lane locations from 2D lane annotations in 211K road scenes. In addition, we present an extrinsic-free, anchor-free method, called SALAD, regressing the 3D coordinates of lanes in image view without converting the feature map into the bird's-eye view (BEV). To facilitate future research on 3D lane detection, we benchmark the dataset and provide a novel evaluation metric, performing extensive experiments of both existing approaches and our proposed method. The aim of our work is to revive the interest of 3D lane detection in a real-world scenario. We believe our work can lead to the expected and unexpected innovations in both academia and industry.      
### 44.Dynamic Curriculum Learning for Great Ape Detection in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00275.pdf)
>  We propose a novel end-to-end curriculum learning approach that leverages large volumes of unlabelled great ape camera trap footage to improve supervised species detector construction in challenging real-world jungle environments. In contrast to previous semi-supervised methods, our approach gradually improves detection quality by steering training towards virtuous self-reinforcement. To achieve this, we propose integrating pseudo-labelling with dynamic curriculum learning policies. We show that such dynamics and controls can avoid learning collapse and gradually tie detector adjustments to higher model quality. We provide theoretical arguments and ablations, and confirm significant performance improvements against various state-of-the-art systems when evaluating on the Extended PanAfrican Dataset holding several thousand camera trap videos of great apes. We note that system performance is strongest for smaller labelled ratios, which are common in ecological applications. Our approach, although designed with wildlife data in mind, also shows competitive benchmarks for generic object detection in the MS-COCO dataset, indicating wider applicability of introduced concepts. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/youshyee/DCL-Detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.Improving Visual Grounding with Visual-Linguistic Verification and Iterative Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00272.pdf)
>  Visual grounding is a task to locate the target indicated by a natural language expression. Existing methods extend the generic object detection framework to this problem. They base the visual grounding on the features from pre-generated proposals or anchors, and fuse these features with the text embeddings to locate the target mentioned by the text. However, modeling the visual features from these predefined locations may fail to fully exploit the visual context and attribute information in the text query, which limits their performance. In this paper, we propose a transformer-based framework for accurate visual grounding by establishing text-conditioned discriminative features and performing multi-stage cross-modal reasoning. Specifically, we develop a visual-linguistic verification module to focus the visual features on regions relevant to the textual descriptions while suppressing the unrelated areas. A language-guided feature encoder is also devised to aggregate the visual contexts of the target object to improve the object's distinctiveness. To retrieve the target from the encoded visual features, we further propose a multi-stage cross-modal decoder to iteratively speculate on the correlations between the image and text for accurate target localization. Extensive experiments on five widely used datasets validate the efficacy of our proposed components and demonstrate state-of-the-art performance. Our code is public at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yangli18/VLTVG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Unsupervised Visible-light Images Guided Cross-Spectrum Depth Estimation from Dual-Modality Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00257.pdf)
>  Cross-spectrum depth estimation aims to provide a depth map in all illumination conditions with a pair of dual-spectrum images. It is valuable for autonomous vehicle applications when the vehicle is equipped with two cameras of different modalities. However, images captured by different-modality cameras can be photometrically quite different. Therefore, cross-spectrum depth estimation is a very challenging problem. Moreover, the shortage of large-scale open-source datasets also retards further research in this field. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised visible-light image guided cross-spectrum (i.e., thermal and visible-light, TIR-VIS in short) depth estimation framework given a pair of RGB and thermal images captured from a visible-light camera and a thermal one. We first adopt a base depth estimation network using RGB-image pairs. Then we propose a multi-scale feature transfer network to transfer features from the TIR-VIS domain to the VIS domain at the feature level to fit the trained depth estimation network. At last, we propose a cross-spectrum depth cycle consistency to improve the depth result of dual-spectrum image pairs. Meanwhile, we release a large dual-spectrum depth estimation dataset with visible-light and far-infrared stereo images captured in different scenes to the society. The experiment result shows that our method achieves better performance than the compared existing methods. Our datasets is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/whitecrow1027/VIS-TIR-Datasets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.Coarse-to-Fine Video Denoising with Dual-Stage Spatial-Channel Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00214.pdf)
>  Video denoising aims to recover high-quality frames from the noisy video. While most existing approaches adopt convolutional neural networks(CNNs) to separate the noise from the original visual content, however, CNNs focus on local information and ignore the interactions between long-range regions. Furthermore, most related works directly take the output after spatio-temporal denoising as the final result, neglecting the fine-grained denoising process. In this paper, we propose a Dual-stage Spatial-Channel Transformer (DSCT) for coarse-to-fine video denoising, which inherits the advantages of both Transformer and CNNs. Specifically, DSCT is proposed based on a progressive dual-stage architecture, namely a coarse-level and a fine-level to extract dynamic feature and static feature, respectively. At both stages, a Spatial-Channel Encoding Module(SCEM) is designed to model the long-range contextual dependencies at spatial and channel levels. Meanwhile, we design a Multi-scale Residual Structure to preserve multiple aspects of information at different stages, which contains a Temporal Features Aggregation Module(TFAM) to summarize the dynamic representation. Extensive experiments on four publicly available datasets demonstrate our proposed DSCT achieves significant improvements compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 48.DefakeHop++: An Enhanced Lightweight Deepfake Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00211.pdf)
>  On the basis of DefakeHop, an enhanced lightweight Deepfake detector called DefakeHop++ is proposed in this work. The improvements lie in two areas. First, DefakeHop examines three facial regions (i.e., two eyes and mouth) while DefakeHop++ includes eight more landmarks for broader coverage. Second, for discriminant features selection, DefakeHop uses an unsupervised approach while DefakeHop++ adopts a more effective approach with supervision, called the Discriminant Feature Test (DFT). In DefakeHop++, rich spatial and spectral features are first derived from facial regions and landmarks automatically. Then, DFT is used to select a subset of discriminant features for classifier training. As compared with MobileNet v3 (a lightweight CNN model of 1.5M parameters targeting at mobile applications), DefakeHop++ has a model of 238K parameters, which is 16% of MobileNet v3. Furthermore, DefakeHop++ outperforms MobileNet v3 in Deepfake image detection performance in a weakly-supervised setting.      
### 49.Reliable Label Correction is a Good Booster When Learning with Extremely Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00186.pdf)
>  Learning with noisy labels has aroused much research interest since data annotations, especially for large-scale datasets, may be inevitably imperfect. Recent approaches resort to a semi-supervised learning problem by dividing training samples into clean and noisy sets. This paradigm, however, is prone to significant degeneration under heavy label noise, as the number of clean samples is too small for conventional methods to behave well. In this paper, we introduce a novel framework, termed as LC-Booster, to explicitly tackle learning under extreme noise. The core idea of LC-Booster is to incorporate label correction into the sample selection, so that more purified samples, through the reliable label correction, can be utilized for training, thereby alleviating the confirmation bias. Experiments show that LC-Booster advances state-of-the-art results on several noisy-label benchmarks, including CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, Clothing1M and WebVision. Remarkably, under the extreme 90\% noise ratio, LC-Booster achieves 93.5\% and 48.4\% accuracy on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100, surpassing the state-of-the-art by 1.6\% and 7.2\% respectively.      
### 50.ClusterQ: Semantic Feature Distribution Alignment for Data-Free Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00179.pdf)
>  Network quantization has emerged as a promising method for model compression and inference acceleration. However, tradtional quantization methods (such as quantization aware training and post training quantization) require original data for the fine-tuning or calibration of quantized model, which makes them inapplicable to the cases that original data are not accessed due to privacy or security. This gives birth to the data-free quantization with synthetic data generation. While current DFQ methods still suffer from severe performance degradation when quantizing a model into lower bit, caused by the low inter-class separability of semantic features. To this end, we propose a new and effective data-free quantization method termed ClusterQ, which utilizes the semantic feature distribution alignment for synthetic data generation. To obtain high inter-class separability of semantic features, we cluster and align the feature distribution statistics to imitate the distribution of real data, so that the performance degradation is alleviated. Moreover, we incorporate the intra-class variance to solve class-wise mode collapse. We also employ the exponential moving average to update the centroid of each cluster for further feature distribution improvement. Extensive experiments across various deep models (e.g., ResNet-18 and MobileNet-V2) over the ImageNet dataset demonstrate that our ClusterQ obtains state-of-the-art performance.      
### 51.Elucidating Meta-Structures of Noisy Labels in Semantic Segmentation by Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00160.pdf)
>  The supervised training of deep neural networks (DNNs) by noisy labels has been studied extensively in image classification but much less in image segmentation. So far, our understanding of the learning behavior of DNNs trained by noisy segmentation labels remains limited. In this study, we address this deficiency in both binary segmentation of biological microscopy images and multi-class segmentation of natural images. We classify segmentation labels according to their noise transition matrices (NTM) and compare performance of DNNs trained by different types of labels. When we randomly sample a small fraction (e.g., 10%) or flipping a large fraction (e.g., 90%) of the ground-truth labels to train DNNs, their segmentation performance remains largely the same. This indicates that DNNs learn structures hidden in labels rather than pixel-level labels per se in their supervised training for semantic segmentation. We call these hidden structures "meta-structures". When we use labels with different perturbations to the meta-structures to train DNNs, their performance in feature extraction and segmentation degrades consistently. In contrast, addition of meta-structure information substantially improves performance of an unsupervised model in binary semantic segmentation. We formulate meta-structures mathematically as spatial density distributions and quantify semantic information of different types of labels, which we find to correlate strongly with ranks of their NTM. We show theoretically and experimentally how this formulation explains key observed learning behavior of DNNs.      
### 52.SVTR: Scene Text Recognition with a Single Visual Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00159.pdf)
>  Dominant scene text recognition models commonly contain two building blocks, a visual model for feature extraction and a sequence model for text transcription. This hybrid architecture, although accurate, is complex and less efficient. In this study, we propose a Single Visual model for Scene Text recognition within the patch-wise image tokenization framework, which dispenses with the sequential modeling entirely. The method, termed SVTR, firstly decomposes an image text into small patches named character components. Afterward, hierarchical stages are recurrently carried out by component-level mixing, merging and/or combining. Global and local mixing blocks are devised to perceive the inter-character and intra-character patterns, leading to a multi-grained character component perception. Thus, characters are recognized by a simple linear prediction. Experimental results on both English and Chinese scene text recognition tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of SVTR. SVTR-L (Large) achieves highly competitive accuracy in English and outperforms existing methods by a large margin in Chinese, while running faster. In addition, SVTR-T (Tiny) is an effective and much smaller model, which shows appealing speed at inference. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleOCR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.AnimalTrack: A Large-scale Benchmark for Multi-Animal Tracking in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00158.pdf)
>  Multi-animal tracking (MAT), a multi-object tracking (MOT) problem, is crucial for animal motion and behavior analysis and has many crucial applications such as biology, ecology, animal conservation and so forth. Despite its importance, MAT is largely under-explored compared to other MOT problems such as multi-human tracking due to the scarcity of large-scale benchmark. To address this problem, we introduce AnimalTrack, a large-scale benchmark for multi-animal tracking in the wild. Specifically, AnimalTrack consists of 58 sequences from a diverse selection of 10 common animal categories. On average, each sequence comprises of 33 target objects for tracking. In order to ensure high quality, every frame in AnimalTrack is manually labeled with careful inspection and refinement. To our best knowledge, AnimalTrack is the first benchmark dedicated to multi-animal tracking. In addition, to understand how existing MOT algorithms perform on AnimalTrack and provide baselines for future comparison, we extensively evaluate 14 state-of-the-art representative trackers. The evaluation results demonstrate that, not surprisingly, most of these trackers become degenerated due to the differences between pedestrians and animals in various aspects (e.g., pose, motion, appearance, etc), and more efforts are desired to improve multi-animal tracking. We hope that AnimalTrack together with evaluation and analysis will foster further progress on multi-animal tracking. The dataset and evaluation as well as our analysis will be made available upon the acceptance.      
### 54.Look Closer to Supervise Better: One-Shot Font Generation via Component-Based Discriminator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00146.pdf)
>  Automatic font generation remains a challenging research issue due to the large amounts of characters with complicated structures. Typically, only a few samples can serve as the style/content reference (termed few-shot learning), which further increases the difficulty to preserve local style patterns or detailed glyph structures. We investigate the drawbacks of previous studies and find that a coarse-grained discriminator is insufficient for supervising a font generator. To this end, we propose a novel Component-Aware Module (CAM), which supervises the generator to decouple content and style at a more fine-grained level, \textit{i.e.}, the component level. Different from previous studies struggling to increase the complexity of generators, we aim to perform more effective supervision for a relatively simple generator to achieve its full potential, which is a brand new perspective for font generation. The whole framework achieves remarkable results by coupling component-level supervision with adversarial learning, hence we call it Component-Guided GAN, shortly CG-GAN. Extensive experiments show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art one-shot font generation methods. Furthermore, it can be applied to handwritten word synthesis and scene text image editing, suggesting the generalization of our approach.      
### 55.Unsupervised Contrastive Learning based Transformer for Lung Nodule Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00122.pdf)
>  Early detection of lung nodules with computed tomography (CT) is critical for the longer survival of lung cancer patients and better quality of life. Computer-aided detection/diagnosis (CAD) is proven valuable as a second or concurrent reader in this context. However, accurate detection of lung nodules remains a challenge for such CAD systems and even radiologists due to not only the variability in size, location, and appearance of lung nodules but also the complexity of lung structures. This leads to a high false-positive rate with CAD, compromising its clinical efficacy. Motivated by recent computer vision techniques, here we present a self-supervised region-based 3D transformer model to identify lung nodules among a set of candidate regions. Specifically, a 3D vision transformer (ViT) is developed that divides a CT image volume into a sequence of non-overlap cubes, extracts embedding features from each cube with an embedding layer, and analyzes all embedding features with a self-attention mechanism for the prediction. To effectively train the transformer model on a relatively small dataset, the region-based contrastive learning method is used to boost the performance by pre-training the 3D transformer with public CT images. Our experiments show that the proposed method can significantly improve the performance of lung nodule screening in comparison with the commonly used 3D convolutional neural networks.      
### 56.A Simple Method to Boost Human Pose Estimation Accuracy by Correcting the Joint Regressor for the Human3.6m Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00076.pdf)
>  Many human pose estimation methods estimate Skinned Multi-Person Linear (SMPL) models and regress the human joints from these SMPL estimates. In this work, we show that the most widely used SMPL-to-joint linear layer (joint regressor) is inaccurate, which may mislead pose evaluation results. To achieve a more accurate joint regressor, we propose a method to create pseudo-ground-truth SMPL poses, which can then be used to train an improved regressor. Specifically, we optimize SMPL estimates coming from a state-of-the-art method so that its projection matches the silhouettes of humans in the scene, as well as the ground-truth 2D joint locations. While the quality of this pseudo-ground-truth is challenging to assess due to the lack of actual ground-truth SMPL, with the Human 3.6m dataset, we qualitatively show that our joint locations are more accurate and that our regressor leads to improved pose estimations results on the test set without any need for retraining. We release our code and joint regressor at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ubc-vision/joint-regressor-refinement" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 57.On Negative Sampling for Audio-Visual Contrastive Learning from Movies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00073.pdf)
>  The abundance and ease of utilizing sound, along with the fact that auditory clues reveal a plethora of information about what happens in a scene, make the audio-visual space an intuitive choice for representation learning. In this paper, we explore the efficacy of audio-visual self-supervised learning from uncurated long-form content i.e movies. Studying its differences with conventional short-form content, we identify a non-i.i.d distribution of data, driven by the nature of movies. Specifically, we find long-form content to naturally contain a diverse set of semantic concepts (semantic diversity), where a large portion of them, such as main characters and environments often reappear frequently throughout the movie (reoccurring semantic concepts). In addition, movies often contain content-exclusive artistic artifacts, such as color palettes or thematic music, which are strong signals for uniquely distinguishing a movie (non-semantic consistency). Capitalizing on these observations, we comprehensively study the effect of emphasizing within-movie negative sampling in a contrastive learning setup. Our view is different from those of prior works who consider within-video positive sampling, inspired by the notion of semantic persistency over time, and operate in a short-video regime. Our empirical findings suggest that, with certain modifications, training on uncurated long-form videos yields representations which transfer competitively with the state-of-the-art to a variety of action recognition and audio classification tasks.      
### 58.Birds' Eye View: Measuring Behavior and Posture of Chickens as a Metric for Their Well-Being  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00069.pdf)
>  Chicken well-being is important for ensuring food security and better nutrition for a growing global human population. In this research, we represent behavior and posture as a metric to measure chicken well-being. With the objective of detecting chicken posture and behavior in a pen, we employ two algorithms: Mask R-CNN for instance segmentation and YOLOv4 in combination with ResNet50 for classification. Our results indicate a weighted F1 score of 88.46% for posture and behavior detection using Mask R-CNN and an average of 91% accuracy in behavior detection and 86.5% average accuracy in posture detection using YOLOv4. These experiments are conducted under uncontrolled scenarios for both posture and behavior measurements. These metrics establish a strong foundation to obtain a decent indication of individual and group behaviors and postures. Such outcomes would help improve the overall well-being of the chickens. The dataset used in this research is collected in-house and will be made public after the publication as it would serve as a very useful resource for future research. To the best of our knowledge no other research work has been conducted in this specific setup used for this work involving multiple behaviors and postures simultaneously.      
### 59.CCLF: A Contrastive-Curiosity-Driven Learning Framework for Sample-Efficient Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00943.pdf)
>  In reinforcement learning (RL), it is challenging to learn directly from high-dimensional observations, where data augmentation has recently been shown to remedy this via encoding invariances from raw pixels. Nevertheless, we empirically find that not all samples are equally important and hence simply injecting more augmented inputs may instead cause instability in Q-learning. In this paper, we approach this problem systematically by developing a model-agnostic Contrastive-Curiosity-Driven Learning Framework (CCLF), which can fully exploit sample importance and improve learning efficiency in a self-supervised manner. Facilitated by the proposed contrastive curiosity, CCLF is capable of prioritizing the experience replay, selecting the most informative augmented inputs, and more importantly regularizing the Q-function as well as the encoder to concentrate more on under-learned data. Moreover, it encourages the agent to explore with a curiosity-based reward. As a result, the agent can focus on more informative samples and learn representation invariances more efficiently, with significantly reduced augmented inputs. We apply CCLF to several base RL algorithms and evaluate on the DeepMind Control Suite, Atari, and MiniGrid benchmarks, where our approach demonstrates superior sample efficiency and learning performances compared with other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 60.Revisiting Gaussian Neurons for Online Clustering with Unknown Number of Clusters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00920.pdf)
>  Despite the recent success of artificial neural networks, more biologically plausible learning methods may be needed to resolve the weaknesses of backpropagation trained models such as catastrophic forgetting and adversarial attacks. A novel local learning rule is presented that performs online clustering with a maximum limit of the number of cluster to be found rather than a fixed cluster count. Instead of using orthogonal weight or output activation constraints, activation sparsity is achieved by mutual repulsion of lateral Gaussian neurons ensuring that multiple neuron centers cannot occupy the same location in the input domain. An update method is also presented for adjusting the widths of the Gaussian neurons in cases where the data samples can be represented by means and variances. The algorithms were applied on the MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets to create filters capturing the input patterns of pixel patches of various sizes. The experimental results demonstrate stability in the learned parameters across a large number of training samples.      
### 61.A Novel Speech-Driven Lip-Sync Model with CNN and LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00916.pdf)
>  Generating synchronized and natural lip movement with speech is one of the most important tasks in creating realistic virtual characters. In this paper, we present a combined deep neural network of one-dimensional convolutions and LSTM to generate vertex displacement of a 3D template face model from variable-length speech input. The motion of the lower part of the face, which is represented by the vertex movement of 3D lip shapes, is consistent with the input speech. In order to enhance the robustness of the network to different sound signals, we adapt a trained speech recognition model to extract speech feature, and a velocity loss term is adopted to reduce the jitter of generated facial animation. We recorded a series of videos of a Chinese adult speaking Mandarin and created a new speech-animation dataset to compensate the lack of such public data. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations indicate that our model is able to generate smooth and natural lip movements synchronized with speech.      
### 62.Convex Augmentation for Total Variation Based Phase Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00834.pdf)
>  Phase retrieval is an important problem with significant physical and industrial applications. In this paper, we consider the case where the magnitude of the measurement of an underlying signal is corrupted by Gaussian noise. We introduce a convex augmentation approach for phase retrieval based on total variation regularization. In contrast to popular convex relaxation models like PhaseLift, our model can be efficiently solved by a modified semi-proximal alternating direction method of multipliers (sPADMM). The modified sPADMM is more general and flexible than the standard one, and its convergence is also established in this paper. Extensive numerical experiments are conducted to showcase the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 63.Zebra: Memory Bandwidth Reduction for CNN Accelerators With Zero Block Regularization of Activation Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00779.pdf)
>  The large amount of memory bandwidth between local buffer and external DRAM has become the speedup bottleneck of CNN hardware accelerators, especially for activation maps. To reduce memory bandwidth, we propose to learn pruning unimportant blocks dynamically with zero block regularization of activation maps (Zebra). This strategy has low computational overhead and could easily integrate with other pruning methods for better performance. The experimental results show that the proposed method can reduce 70\% of memory bandwidth for Resnet-18 on Tiny-Imagenet within 1\% accuracy drops and 2\% accuracy gain with the combination of Network Slimming.      
### 64.Sparse Compressed Spiking Neural Network Accelerator for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00778.pdf)
>  Spiking neural networks (SNNs), which are inspired by the human brain, have recently gained popularity due to their relatively simple and low-power hardware for transmitting binary spikes and highly sparse activation maps. However, because SNNs contain extra time dimension information, the SNN accelerator will require more buffers and take longer to infer, especially for the more difficult high-resolution object detection task. As a result, this paper proposes a sparse compressed spiking neural network accelerator that takes advantage of the high sparsity of activation maps and weights by utilizing the proposed gated one-to-all product for low power and highly parallel model execution. The experimental result of the neural network shows 71.5$\%$ mAP with mixed (1,3) time steps on the IVS 3cls dataset. The accelerator with the TSMC 28nm CMOS process can achieve 1024$\times$576@29 frames per second processing when running at 500MHz with 35.88TOPS/W energy efficiency and 1.05mJ energy consumption per frame.      
### 65.BSRA: Block-based Super Resolution Accelerator with Hardware Efficient Pixel Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00777.pdf)
>  Increasingly, convolution neural network (CNN) based super resolution models have been proposed for better reconstruction results, but their large model size and complicated structure inhibit their real-time hardware implementation. Current hardware designs are limited to a plain network and suffer from lower quality and high memory bandwidth requirements. This paper proposes a super resolution hardware accelerator with hardware efficient pixel attention that just needs 25.9K parameters and simple structure but achieves 0.38dB better reconstruction images than the widely used FSRCNN. The accelerator adopts full model block wise convolution for full model layer fusion to reduce external memory access to model input and output only. In addition, CNN and pixel attention are well supported by PE arrays with distributed weights. The final implementation can support full HD image reconstruction at 30 frames per second with TSMC 40nm CMOS process.      
### 66.FedDKD: Federated Learning with Decentralized Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00706.pdf)
>  The performance of federated learning in neural networks is generally influenced by the heterogeneity of the data distribution. For a well-performing global model, taking a weighted average of the local models, as done by most existing federated learning algorithms, may not guarantee consistency with local models in the space of neural network maps. In this paper, we propose a novel framework of federated learning equipped with the process of decentralized knowledge distillation (FedDKD) (i.e., without data on the server). The FedDKD introduces a module of decentralized knowledge distillation (DKD) to distill the knowledge of the local models to train the global model by approaching the neural network map average based on the metric of divergence defined in the loss function, other than only averaging parameters as done in literature. Numeric experiments on various heterogeneous datasets reveal that FedDKD outperforms the state-of-the-art methods with more efficient communication and training in a few DKD steps, especially on some extremely heterogeneous datasets.      
### 67.DeepGraviLens: a Multi-Modal Architecture for Classifying Gravitational Lensing Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00701.pdf)
>  Gravitational lensing is the relativistic effect generated by massive bodies, which bend the space-time surrounding them. It is a deeply investigated topic in astrophysics and allows validating theoretical relativistic results and studying faint astrophysical objects that would not be visible otherwise. In recent years Machine Learning methods have been applied to support the analysis of the gravitational lensing phenomena by detecting lensing effects in data sets consisting of images associated with brightness variation time series. However, the state-of-art approaches either consider only images and neglect time-series data or achieve relatively low accuracy on the most difficult data sets. This paper introduces DeepGraviLens, a novel multi-modal network that classifies spatio-temporal data belonging to one non-lensed system type and three lensed system types. It surpasses the current state of the art accuracy results by $\approx$ 19% to $\approx$ 43%, depending on the considered data set. Such an improvement will enable the acceleration of the analysis of lensed objects in upcoming astrophysical surveys, which will exploit the petabytes of data collected, e.g., from the Vera C. Rubin Observatory.      
### 68.Unsupervised Denoising of Optical Coherence Tomography Images with Dual_Merged CycleWGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00698.pdf)
>  Nosie is an important cause of low quality Optical coherence tomography (OCT) image. The neural network model based on Convolutional neural networks(CNNs) has demonstrated its excellent performance in image denoising. However, OCT image denoising still faces great challenges because many previous neural network algorithms required a large number of labeled data, which might cost much time or is expensive. Besides, these CNN-based algorithms need numerous parameters and good tuning techniques, which is hardware resources consuming. To solved above problems, We proposed a new Cycle-Consistent Generative Adversarial Nets called Dual-Merged Cycle-WGAN for retinal OCT image denoiseing, which has remarkable performance with less unlabeled traning data. Our model consists of two Cycle-GAN networks with imporved generator, descriminator and wasserstein loss to achieve good training stability and better performance. Using image merge technique between two Cycle-GAN networks, our model could obtain more detailed information and hence better training effect. The effectiveness and generality of our proposed network has been proved via ablation experiments and comparative experiments. Compared with other state-of-the-art methods, our unsupervised method obtains best subjective visual effect and higher evaluation objective indicators.      
### 69.From Noisy Prediction to True Label: Noisy Prediction Calibration via Generative Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00690.pdf)
>  Noisy labels are inevitable yet problematic in machine learning society. It ruins the generalization power of a classifier by making the classifier be trained to be overfitted to wrong labels. Existing methods on noisy label have focused on modifying classifier training procedure. It results in two possible problems. First, these methods are not applicable to a pre-trained classifier without further access into training. Second, it is not easy to train a classifier and remove all of negative effects from noisy labels simultaneously. From these problems, we suggests a new branch of approach, Noisy Prediction Calibration (NPC) in learning with noisy labels. Through the introduction and estimation of a new type of transition matrix via generative model, NPC corrects the noisy prediction from the pre-trained classifier to the true label as a post-processing scheme. We prove that NPC theoretically aligns with the transition matrix based methods. Yet, NPC provides more accurate pathway to estimate true label, even without involvement in classifier learning. Also, NPC is applicable to any classifier trained with noisy label methods, if training instances and its predictions are available. Our method, NPC, boosts the classification performances of all baseline models on both synthetic and real-world datasets.      
### 70.An Application to Generate Style Guided Compatible Outfit  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00663.pdf)
>  Fashion recommendation has witnessed a phenomenal growth of research, particularly in the domains of shop-the-look, contextaware outfit creation, personalizing outfit creation etc. Majority of the work in this area focuses on better understanding of the notion of complimentary relationship between lifestyle items. Quite recently, some works have realised that style plays a vital role in fashion, especially in the understanding of compatibility learning and outfit creation. In this paper, we would like to present the end-to-end design of a methodology in which we aim to generate outfits guided by styles or themes using a novel style encoder network. We present an extensive analysis of different aspects of our method through various experiments. We also provide a demonstration api to showcase the ability of our work in generating outfits based on an anchor item and styles.      
### 71.Deep vs. Shallow Learning: A Benchmark Study in Low Magnitude Earthquake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00525.pdf)
>  While deep learning models have seen recent high uptake in the geosciences, and are appealing in their ability to learn from minimally processed input data, as black box models they do not provide an easy means to understand how a decision is reached, which in safety-critical tasks especially can be problematical. An alternative route is to use simpler, more transparent white box models, in which task-specific feature construction replaces the more opaque feature discovery process performed automatically within deep learning models. Using data from the Groningen Gas Field in the Netherlands, we build on an existing logistic regression model by the addition of four further features discovered using elastic net driven data mining within the catch22 time series analysis package. We then evaluate the performance of the augmented logistic regression model relative to a deep (CNN) model, pre-trained on the Groningen data, on progressively increasing noise-to-signal ratios. We discover that, for each ratio, our logistic regression model correctly detects every earthquake, while the deep model fails to detect nearly 20 % of seismic events, thus justifying at least a degree of caution in the application of deep models, especially to data with higher noise-to-signal ratios.      
### 72.Dataset-free Deep learning Method for Low-Dose CT Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00463.pdf)
>  Low-dose CT (LDCT) imaging attracted a considerable interest for the reduction of the object's exposure to X-ray radiation. In recent years, supervised deep learning has been extensively studied for LDCT image reconstruction, which trains a network over a dataset containing many pairs of normal-dose and low-dose images. However, the challenge on collecting many such pairs in the clinical setup limits the application of such supervised-learning-based methods for LDCT image reconstruction in practice. Aiming at addressing the challenges raised by the collection of training dataset, this paper proposed a unsupervised deep learning method for LDCT image reconstruction, which does not require any external training data. The proposed method is built on a re-parametrization technique for Bayesian inference via deep network with random weights, combined with additional total variational (TV) regularization. The experiments show that the proposed method noticeably outperforms existing dataset-free image reconstruction methods on the test data.      
### 73.Analysis of Diffractive Neural Networks for Seeing Through Random Diffusers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00428.pdf)
>  Imaging through diffusive media is a challenging problem, where the existing solutions heavily rely on digital computers to reconstruct distorted images. We provide a detailed analysis of a computer-free, all-optical imaging method for seeing through random, unknown phase diffusers using diffractive neural networks, covering different deep learning-based training strategies. By analyzing various diffractive networks designed to image through random diffusers with different correlation lengths, a trade-off between the image reconstruction fidelity and distortion reduction capability of the diffractive network was observed. During its training, random diffusers with a range of correlation lengths were used to improve the diffractive network's generalization performance. Increasing the number of random diffusers used in each epoch reduced the overfitting of the diffractive network's imaging performance to known diffusers. We also demonstrated that the use of additional diffractive layers improved the generalization capability to see through new, random diffusers. Finally, we introduced deliberate misalignments in training to 'vaccinate' the network against random layer-to-layer shifts that might arise due to the imperfect assembly of the diffractive networks. These analyses provide a comprehensive guide in designing diffractive networks to see through random diffusers, which might profoundly impact many fields, such as biomedical imaging, atmospheric physics, and autonomous driving.      
### 74.Don't Blame the Annotator: Bias Already Starts in the Annotation Instructions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00415.pdf)
>  In recent years, progress in NLU has been driven by benchmarks. These benchmarks are typically collected by crowdsourcing, where annotators write examples based on annotation instructions crafted by dataset creators. In this work, we hypothesize that annotators pick up on patterns in the crowdsourcing instructions, which bias them to write similar examples that are then over-represented in the collected data. We study this form of bias, termed instruction bias, in 14 recent NLU benchmarks, showing that instruction examples often exhibit concrete patterns, which are propagated by crowdworkers to the collected data. This extends previous work (Geva et al., 2019) and raises a new concern of whether we are modeling the dataset creator's instructions, rather than the task. Through a series of experiments, we show that, indeed, instruction bias can lead to overestimation of model performance, and that models struggle to generalize beyond biases originating in the crowdsourcing instructions. We further analyze the influence of instruction bias in terms of pattern frequency and model size, and derive concrete recommendations for creating future NLU benchmarks.      
### 75.Visual Spatial Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00363.pdf)
>  Spatial relations are fundamental to human cognition and are the most basic knowledge for us to understand and communicate about our physical surroundings. In this paper, we ask the critical question: Are current vision-and-language models (VLMs) able to correctly understand spatial relations? To answer this question, we propose Visual Spatial Reasoning (VSR), a novel benchmark task with human labelled dataset for investigating VLMs' capabilities in recognising 65 types of spatial relationships (e.g., under, in front of, facing etc.) in natural text-image pairs. Specifically, given a caption and an image, the model needs to perform binary classification and decide if the caption accurately describes the spatial relationships of two objects presented in the image. While being seemingly simple and straightforward, the task shows a large gap between human and model performance (human ceiling on the VSR task is above 95% and models only achieve around 70%). With fine-grained categorisation and control on both concepts and relations, our VSR benchmark enables us to perform interesting probing analysis to pinpoint VLMs' failure cases and the reasons behind. We observe that VLMs' by-relation performances have little correlation with the number of training examples and the tested models are in general incapable of recognising relations that concern orientations of objects. Also, VLMs have poor zero-shot generalisation toward unseen concepts. The dataset and code are released at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/cambridgeltl/visual-spatial-reasoning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 76.Recognising Known Configurations of Garments For Dual-Arm Robotic Flattening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00225.pdf)
>  Robotic deformable-object manipulation is a challenge in the robotic industry because deformable objects have complicated and various object states. Predicting those object states and updating manipulation planning are time-consuming and computationally expensive. In this paper, we propose an effective robotic manipulation approach for recognising 'known configurations' of garments with a 'Known Configuration neural Network' (KCNet) and choosing pre-designed manipulation plans based on the recognised known configurations. Our robotic manipulation plan features a four-action strategy: finding two critical grasping points, stretching the garments, and lifting down the garments. We demonstrate that our approach only needs 98 seconds on average to flatten garments of five categories.      
### 77."And Then There Were None": Cracking White-box DNN Watermarks via Invariant Neuron Transforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00199.pdf)
>  Recently, how to protect the Intellectual Property (IP) of deep neural networks (DNN) becomes a major concern for the AI industry. To combat potential model piracy, recent works explore various watermarking strategies to embed secret identity messages into the prediction behaviors or the internals (e.g., weights and neuron activation) of the target model. Sacrificing less functionality and involving more knowledge about the target model, the latter branch of watermarking schemes (i.e., white-box model watermarking) is claimed to be accurate, credible and secure against most known watermark removal attacks, with emerging research efforts and applications in the industry. <br>In this paper, we present the first effective removal attack which cracks almost all the existing white-box watermarking schemes with provably no performance overhead and no required prior knowledge. By analyzing these IP protection mechanisms at the granularity of neurons, we for the first time discover their common dependence on a set of fragile features of a local neuron group, all of which can be arbitrarily tampered by our proposed chain of invariant neuron transforms. On $9$ state-of-the-art white-box watermarking schemes and a broad set of industry-level DNN architectures, our attack for the first time reduces the embedded identity message in the protected models to be almost random. Meanwhile, unlike known removal attacks, our attack requires no prior knowledge on the training data distribution or the adopted watermark algorithms, and leaves model functionality intact.      
### 78.Multimodal Representation Learning With Text and Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00142.pdf)
>  In recent years, multimodal AI has seen an upward trend as researchers are integrating data of different types such as text, images, speech into modelling to get the best results. This project leverages multimodal AI and matrix factorization techniques for representation learning, on text and image data simultaneously, thereby employing the widely used techniques of Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Computer Vision. The learnt representations are evaluated using downstream classification and regression tasks. The methodology adopted can be extended beyond the scope of this project as it uses Auto-Encoders for unsupervised representation learning.      
### 79.Learn to Understand Negation in Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00132.pdf)
>  Negation is a common linguistic skill that allows human to express what we do NOT want. Naturally, one might expect video retrieval to support natural-language queries with negation, e.g., finding shots of kids sitting on the floor and not playing with the dog. However, the state-of-the-art deep learning based video retrieval models lack such ability, as they are typically trained on video description datasets such as MSR-VTT and VATEX that lack negated descriptions. Their retrieved results basically ignore the negator in the sample query, incorrectly returning videos showing kids playing with the dog. In this paper, we present the first study on learning to understand negation in video retrieval and make contributions as follows. First, by re-purposing two existing datasets, i.e. MSR-VTT and VATEX, we propose a new evaluation protocol for testing video retrieval with negation. Second, we propose a learning based method for training a negation-aware video retrieval model. The key idea is to first construct a soft negative caption for a specific training video by partially negating its original caption, and then compute a bidirectionally constrained loss on the triplet. This auxiliary loss is then weightedly added to a standard retrieval loss. Experiments on the re-purposed benchmarks show that re-training the CLIP (Contrastive Language-Image Pre-Training) model by the proposed method clearly improves its ability to handle queries with negation. In addition, its performance on the original benchmarks is also improved. Data and source code will be released.      
### 80.Gaze-enhanced Crossmodal Embeddings for Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00129.pdf)
>  Emotional expressions are inherently multimodal -- integrating facial behavior, speech, and gaze -- but their automatic recognition is often limited to a single modality, e.g. speech during a phone call. While previous work proposed crossmodal emotion embeddings to improve monomodal recognition performance, despite its importance, an explicit representation of gaze was not included. We propose a new approach to emotion recognition that incorporates an explicit representation of gaze in a crossmodal emotion embedding framework. We show that our method outperforms the previous state of the art for both audio-only and video-only emotion classification on the popular One-Minute Gradual Emotion Recognition dataset. Furthermore, we report extensive ablation experiments and provide detailed insights into the performance of different state-of-the-art gaze representations and integration strategies. Our results not only underline the importance of gaze for emotion recognition but also demonstrate a practical and highly effective approach to leveraging gaze information for this task.      
