# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 6 May 2022
### 1.BlobGAN: Spatially Disentangled Scene Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02837.pdf)
>  We propose an unsupervised, mid-level representation for a generative model of scenes. The representation is mid-level in that it is neither per-pixel nor per-image; rather, scenes are modeled as a collection of spatial, depth-ordered "blobs" of features. Blobs are differentiably placed onto a feature grid that is decoded into an image by a generative adversarial network. Due to the spatial uniformity of blobs and the locality inherent to convolution, our network learns to associate different blobs with different entities in a scene and to arrange these blobs to capture scene layout. We demonstrate this emergent behavior by showing that, despite training without any supervision, our method enables applications such as easy manipulation of objects within a scene (e.g., moving, removing, and restyling furniture), creation of feasible scenes given constraints (e.g., plausible rooms with drawers at a particular location), and parsing of real-world images into constituent parts. On a challenging multi-category dataset of indoor scenes, BlobGAN outperforms StyleGAN2 in image quality as measured by FID. See our project page for video results and interactive demo: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.dave.ml/blobgan" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 2.Neural 3D Scene Reconstruction with the Manhattan-world Assumption  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02836.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the challenge of reconstructing 3D indoor scenes from multi-view images. Many previous works have shown impressive reconstruction results on textured objects, but they still have difficulty in handling low-textured planar regions, which are common in indoor scenes. An approach to solving this issue is to incorporate planer constraints into the depth map estimation in multi-view stereo-based methods, but the per-view plane estimation and depth optimization lack both efficiency and multi-view consistency. In this work, we show that the planar constraints can be conveniently integrated into the recent implicit neural representation-based reconstruction methods. Specifically, we use an MLP network to represent the signed distance function as the scene geometry. Based on the Manhattan-world assumption, planar constraints are employed to regularize the geometry in floor and wall regions predicted by a 2D semantic segmentation network. To resolve the inaccurate segmentation, we encode the semantics of 3D points with another MLP and design a novel loss that jointly optimizes the scene geometry and semantics in 3D space. Experiments on ScanNet and 7-Scenes datasets show that the proposed method outperforms previous methods by a large margin on 3D reconstruction quality. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zju3dv.github.io/manhattan_sdf" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Fixing Malfunctional Objects With Learned Physical Simulation and Functional Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02834.pdf)
>  This paper studies the problem of fixing malfunctional 3D objects. While previous works focus on building passive perception models to learn the functionality from static 3D objects, we argue that functionality is reckoned with respect to the physical interactions between the object and the user. Given a malfunctional object, humans can perform mental simulations to reason about its functionality and figure out how to fix it. Inspired by this, we propose FixIt, a dataset that contains about 5k poorly-designed 3D physical objects paired with choices to fix them. To mimic humans' mental simulation process, we present FixNet, a novel framework that seamlessly incorporates perception and physical dynamics. Specifically, FixNet consists of a perception module to extract the structured representation from the 3D point cloud, a physical dynamics prediction module to simulate the results of interactions on 3D objects, and a functionality prediction module to evaluate the functionality and choose the correct fix. Experimental results show that our framework outperforms baseline models by a large margin, and can generalize well to objects with similar interaction types.      
### 4.Cross-view Transformers for real-time Map-view Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02833.pdf)
>  We present cross-view transformers, an efficient attention-based model for map-view semantic segmentation from multiple cameras. Our architecture implicitly learns a mapping from individual camera views into a canonical map-view representation using a camera-aware cross-view attention mechanism. Each camera uses positional embeddings that depend on its intrinsic and extrinsic calibration. These embeddings allow a transformer to learn the mapping across different views without ever explicitly modeling it geometrically. The architecture consists of a convolutional image encoder for each view and cross-view transformer layers to infer a map-view semantic segmentation. Our model is simple, easily parallelizable, and runs in real-time. The presented architecture performs at state-of-the-art on the nuScenes dataset, with 4x faster inference speeds. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bradyz/cross_view_transformers" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Visually plausible human-object interaction capture from wearable sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02830.pdf)
>  In everyday lives, humans naturally modify the surrounding environment through interactions, e.g., moving a chair to sit on it. To reproduce such interactions in virtual spaces (e.g., metaverse), we need to be able to capture and model them, including changes in the scene geometry, ideally from ego-centric input alone (head camera and body-worn inertial sensors). This is an extremely hard problem, especially since the object/scene might not be visible from the head camera (e.g., a human not looking at a chair while sitting down, or not looking at the door handle while opening a door). In this paper, we present HOPS, the first method to capture interactions such as dragging objects and opening doors from ego-centric data alone. Central to our method is reasoning about human-object interactions, allowing to track objects even when they are not visible from the head camera. HOPS localizes and registers both the human and the dynamic object in a pre-scanned static scene. HOPS is an important first step towards advanced AR/VR applications based on immersive virtual universes, and can provide human-centric training data to teach machines to interact with their surroundings. The supplementary video, data, and code will be available on our project page at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://virtualhumans.mpi-inf.mpg.de/hops/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 6.Dual Octree Graph Networks for Learning Adaptive Volumetric Shape Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02825.pdf)
>  We present an adaptive deep representation of volumetric fields of 3D shapes and an efficient approach to learn this deep representation for high-quality 3D shape reconstruction and auto-encoding. Our method encodes the volumetric field of a 3D shape with an adaptive feature volume organized by an octree and applies a compact multilayer perceptron network for mapping the features to the field value at each 3D position. An encoder-decoder network is designed to learn the adaptive feature volume based on the graph convolutions over the dual graph of octree nodes. The core of our network is a new graph convolution operator defined over a regular grid of features fused from irregular neighboring octree nodes at different levels, which not only reduces the computational and memory cost of the convolutions over irregular neighboring octree nodes, but also improves the performance of feature learning. Our method effectively encodes shape details, enables fast 3D shape reconstruction, and exhibits good generality for modeling 3D shapes out of training categories. We evaluate our method on a set of reconstruction tasks of 3D shapes and scenes and validate its superiority over other existing approaches. Our code, data, and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://wang-ps.github.io/dualocnn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Activity Detection in Long Surgical Videos using Spatio-Temporal Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02805.pdf)
>  Automatic activity detection is an important component for developing technologies that enable next generation surgical devices and workflow monitoring systems. In many application, the videos of interest are long and include several activities; hence, the deep models designed for such purposes consist of a backbone and a temporal sequence modeling architecture. In this paper, we investigate both the state-of-the-art activity recognition and temporal models to find the architectures that yield the highest performance. We first benchmark these models on a large-scale activity recognition dataset in the operating room with over 800 full-length surgical videos. However, since most other medical applications lack such a large dataset, we further evaluate our models on the Cholec80 surgical phase segmentation dataset, consisting of only 40 training videos. For backbone architectures, we investigate both 3D ConvNets and most recent transformer-based models; for temporal modeling, we include temporal ConvNets, RNNs, and transformer models for a comprehensive and thorough study. We show that even in the case of limited labeled data, we can outperform the existing work by benefiting from models pre-trained on other tasks.      
### 8.Koopman pose predictions for temporally consistent human walking estimations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02737.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of tracking the human lower body as an initial step toward an automatic motion assessment system for clinical mobility evaluation, using a multimodal system that combines Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) data, RGB images, and point cloud depth measurements. This system applies the factor graph representation to an optimization problem that provides 3-D skeleton joint estimations. In this paper, we focus on improving the temporal consistency of the estimated human trajectories to greatly extend the range of operability of the depth sensor. More specifically, we introduce a new factor graph factor based on Koopman theory that embeds the nonlinear dynamics of several lower-limb movement activities. This factor performs a two-step process: first, a custom activity recognition module based on spatial temporal graph convolutional networks recognizes the walking activity; then, a Koopman pose prediction of the subsequent skeleton is used as an a priori estimation to drive the optimization problem toward more consistent results. We tested the performance of this module on datasets composed of multiple clinical lowerlimb mobility tests, and we show that our approach reduces outliers on the skeleton form by almost 1 m, while preserving natural walking trajectories at depths up to more than 10 m.      
### 9.BasicTAD: an Astounding RGB-Only Baseline for Temporal Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02717.pdf)
>  Temporal action detection (TAD) is extensively studied in the video understanding community by following the object detection pipelines in images. However, complex designs are not uncommon in TAD, such as two-stream feature extraction, multi-stage training, complex temporal modeling, and global context fusion. In this paper, we do not aim to introduce any novel technique for TAD. Instead, we study a simple, straightforward, yet must-known baseline given the current status of complex design and low efficiency in TAD. In our simple baseline (BasicTAD), we decompose the TAD pipeline into several essential components: data sampling, backbone design, neck construction, and detection head. We empirically investigate the existing techniques in each component for this baseline and, more importantly, perform end-to-end training over the entire pipeline thanks to the simplicity in design. Our BasicTAD yields an astounding RGB-Only baseline very close to the state-of-the-art methods with two-stream inputs. In addition, we further improve the BasicTAD by preserving more temporal and spatial information in network representation (termed as BasicTAD Plus). Empirical results demonstrate that our BasicTAD Plus is very efficient and significantly outperforms the previous methods on the datasets of THUMOS14 and FineAction. Our approach can serve as a strong baseline for TAD. The code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MCG-NJU/BasicTAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Neural Rendering in a Room: Amodal 3D Understanding and Free-Viewpoint Rendering for the Closed Scene Composed of Pre-Captured Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02714.pdf)
>  We, as human beings, can understand and picture a familiar scene from arbitrary viewpoints given a single image, whereas this is still a grand challenge for computers. We hereby present a novel solution to mimic such human perception capability based on a new paradigm of amodal 3D scene understanding with neural rendering for a closed scene. Specifically, we first learn the prior knowledge of the objects in a closed scene via an offline stage, which facilitates an online stage to understand the room with unseen furniture arrangement. During the online stage, given a panoramic image of the scene in different layouts, we utilize a holistic neural-rendering-based optimization framework to efficiently estimate the correct 3D scene layout and deliver realistic free-viewpoint rendering. In order to handle the domain gap between the offline and online stage, our method exploits compositional neural rendering techniques for data augmentation in the offline training. The experiments on both synthetic and real datasets demonstrate that our two-stage design achieves robust 3D scene understanding and outperforms competing methods by a large margin, and we also show that our realistic free-viewpoint rendering enables various applications, including scene touring and editing. Code and data are available on the project webpage: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zju3dv.github.io/nr_in_a_room/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Hybrid CNN Based Attention with Category Prior for User Image Behavior Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02711.pdf)
>  User historical behaviors are proved useful for Click Through Rate (CTR) prediction in online advertising system. In Meituan, one of the largest e-commerce platform in China, an item is typically displayed with its image and whether a user clicks the item or not is usually influenced by its image, which implies that user's image behaviors are helpful for understanding user's visual preference and improving the accuracy of CTR prediction. Existing user image behavior models typically use a two-stage architecture, which extracts visual embeddings of images through off-the-shelf Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) in the first stage, and then jointly trains a CTR model with those visual embeddings and non-visual features. We find that the two-stage architecture is sub-optimal for CTR prediction. Meanwhile, precisely labeled categories in online ad systems contain abundant visual prior information, which can enhance the modeling of user image behaviors. However, off-the-shelf CNNs without category prior may extract category unrelated features, limiting CNN's expression ability. To address the two issues, we propose a hybrid CNN based attention module, unifying user's image behaviors and category prior, for CTR prediction. Our approach achieves significant improvements in both online and offline experiments on a billion scale real serving dataset.      
### 12.Do Different Deep Metric Learning Losses Lead to Similar Learned Features?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02698.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that many deep metric learning loss functions perform very similarly under the same experimental conditions. One potential reason for this unexpected result is that all losses let the network focus on similar image regions or properties. In this paper, we investigate this by conducting a two-step analysis to extract and compare the learned visual features of the same model architecture trained with different loss functions: First, we compare the learned features on the pixel level by correlating saliency maps of the same input images. Second, we compare the clustering of embeddings for several image properties, e.g. object color or illumination. To provide independent control over these properties, photo-realistic 3D car renders similar to images in the Cars196 dataset are generated. In our analysis, we compare 14 pretrained models from a recent study and find that, even though all models perform similarly, different loss functions can guide the model to learn different features. We especially find differences between classification and ranking based losses. Our analysis also shows that some seemingly irrelevant properties can have significant influence on the resulting embedding. We encourage researchers from the deep metric learning community to use our methods to get insights into the features learned by their proposed methods.      
### 13.Gait Recognition in the Wild: A Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02692.pdf)
>  Gait benchmarks empower the research community to train and evaluate high-performance gait recognition systems. Even though growing efforts have been devoted to cross-view recognition, academia is restricted by current existing databases captured in the controlled environment. In this paper, we contribute a new benchmark for Gait REcognition in the Wild (GREW). The GREW dataset is constructed from natural videos, which contains hundreds of cameras and thousands of hours streams in open systems. With tremendous manual annotations, the GREW consists of 26K identities and 128K sequences with rich attributes for unconstrained gait recognition. Moreover, we add a distractor set of over 233K sequences, making it more suitable for real-world applications. Compared with prevailing predefined cross-view datasets, the GREW has diverse and practical view variations, as well as more natural challenging factors. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first large-scale dataset for gait recognition in the wild. Equipped with this benchmark, we dissect the unconstrained gait recognition problem. Representative appearance-based and model-based methods are explored, and comprehensive baselines are established. Experimental results show (1) The proposed GREW benchmark is necessary for training and evaluating gait recognizer in the wild. (2) For state-of-the-art gait recognition approaches, there is a lot of room for improvement. (3) The GREW benchmark can be used as effective pre-training for controlled gait recognition. Benchmark website is <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.grew-benchmark.org/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.The Batch Artifact Scanning Protocol: A new method using computed tomography (CT) to rapidly create three-dimensional models of objects from large collections en masse  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02691.pdf)
>  Within anthropology, the use of three-dimensional (3D) imaging has become increasingly standard and widespread since it broadens the available avenues for addressing a wide range of key issues. The ease with which 3D models can be shared has had major impacts for research, cultural heritage, education, science communication, and public engagement, as well as contributing to the preservation of the physical specimens and archiving collections in widely accessible data bases. Current scanning protocols have the ability to create the required research quality 3D models; however, they tend to be time and labor intensive and not practical when working with large collections. Here we describe a streamlined, Batch Artifact Scanning Protocol we have developed to rapidly create 3D models using a medical CT scanner. Though this method can be used on a variety of material types, we use a large collection of experimentally broken ungulate limb bones. Using the Batch Artifact Scanning Protocol, we were able to efficiently create 3D models of 2,474 bone fragments at a rate of less than $3$ minutes per specimen, as opposed to an average of 50 minutes per specimen using structured light scanning.      
### 15.What is Right for Me is Not Yet Right for You: A Dataset for Grounding Relative Directions via Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02671.pdf)
>  Understanding spatial relations is essential for intelligent agents to act and communicate in the physical world. Relative directions are spatial relations that describe the relative positions of target objects with regard to the intrinsic orientation of reference objects. Grounding relative directions is more difficult than grounding absolute directions because it not only requires a model to detect objects in the image and to identify spatial relation based on this information, but it also needs to recognize the orientation of objects and integrate this information into the reasoning process. We investigate the challenging problem of grounding relative directions with end-to-end neural networks. To this end, we provide GRiD-3D, a novel dataset that features relative directions and complements existing visual question answering (VQA) datasets, such as CLEVR, that involve only absolute directions. We also provide baselines for the dataset with two established end-to-end VQA models. Experimental evaluations show that answering questions on relative directions is feasible when questions in the dataset simulate the necessary subtasks for grounding relative directions. We discover that those subtasks are learned in an order that reflects the steps of an intuitive pipeline for processing relative directions.      
### 16.Text Detection on Technical Drawings for the Digitization of Brown-field Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02659.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the issue of autonomously detecting text on technical drawings. The detection of text on technical drawings is a critical step towards autonomous production machines, especially for brown-field processes, where no closed CAD-CAM solutions are available yet. Automating the process of reading and detecting text on technical drawings reduces the effort for handling inefficient media interruptions due to paper-based processes, which are often todays quasi-standard in brown-field processes. However, there are no reliable methods available yet to solve the issue of automatically detecting text on technical drawings. The unreliable detection of the contents on technical drawings using classical detection and object character recognition (OCR) tools is mainly due to the limited number of technical drawings and the captcha-like structure of the contents. Text is often combined with unknown symbols and interruptions by lines. Additionally, due to intellectual property rights and technical know-how issues, there are no out-of-the box training datasets available in the literature to train such models. This paper combines a domain knowledge-based generator to generate realistic technical drawings with a state-of-the-art object detection model to solve the issue of detecting text on technical drawings. The generator yields artificial technical drawings in a large variety and can be considered as a data augmentation generator. These artificial drawings are used for training, while the model is tested on real data. The authors show that artificially generated data of technical drawings improve the detection quality with an increasing number of drawings.      
### 17.Language Models Can See: Plugging Visual Controls in Text Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02655.pdf)
>  Generative language models (LMs) such as GPT-2/3 can be prompted to generate text with remarkable quality. While they are designed for text-prompted generation, it remains an open question how the generation process could be guided by modalities beyond text such as images. In this work, we propose a training-free framework, called MAGIC (iMAge-Guided text generatIon with CLIP), for plugging in visual controls in the generation process and enabling LMs to perform multimodal tasks (e.g., image captioning) in a zero-shot manner. MAGIC is a simple yet efficient plug-and-play framework, which directly combines an off-the-shelf LM (i.e., GPT-2) and an image-text matching model (i.e., CLIP) for image-grounded text generation. During decoding, MAGIC influences the generation of the LM by introducing a CLIP-induced score, called magic score, which regularizes the generated result to be semantically related to a given image while being coherent to the previously generated context. Notably, the proposed decoding scheme does not involve any gradient update operation, therefore being computationally efficient. On the challenging task of zero-shot image captioning, MAGIC outperforms the state-of-the-art method by notable margins with a nearly 27 times decoding speedup. MAGIC is a flexible framework and is theoretically compatible with any text generation tasks that incorporate image grounding. In the experiments, we showcase that it is also capable of performing visually grounded story generation given both an image and a text prompt.      
### 18.ImPosIng: Implicit Pose Encoding for Efficient Camera Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02638.pdf)
>  We propose a novel learning-based formulation for camera pose estimation that can perform relocalization accurately and in real-time in city-scale environments. Camera pose estimation algorithms determine the position and orientation from which an image has been captured, using a set of geo-referenced images or 3D scene representation. Our new localization paradigm, named Implicit Pose Encoding (ImPosing), embeds images and camera poses into a common latent representation with 2 separate neural networks, such that we can compute a similarity score for each image-pose pair. By evaluating candidates through the latent space in a hierarchical manner, the camera position and orientation are not directly regressed but incrementally refined. Compared to the representation used in structure-based relocalization methods, our implicit map is memory bounded and can be properly explored to improve localization performances against learning-based regression approaches. In this paper, we describe how to effectively optimize our learned modules, how to combine them to achieve real-time localization, and demonstrate results on diverse large scale scenarios that significantly outperform prior work in accuracy and computational efficiency.      
### 19.Holistic Approach to Measure Sample-level Adversarial Vulnerability and its Utility in Building Trustworthy Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02604.pdf)
>  Adversarial attack perturbs an image with an imperceptible noise, leading to incorrect model prediction. Recently, a few works showed inherent bias associated with such attack (robustness bias), where certain subgroups in a dataset (e.g. based on class, gender, etc.) are less robust than others. This bias not only persists even after adversarial training, but often results in severe performance discrepancies across these subgroups. Existing works characterize the subgroup's robustness bias by only checking individual sample's proximity to the decision boundary. In this work, we argue that this measure alone is not sufficient and validate our argument via extensive experimental analysis. It has been observed that adversarial attacks often corrupt the high-frequency components of the input image. We, therefore, propose a holistic approach for quantifying adversarial vulnerability of a sample by combining these different perspectives, i.e., degree of model's reliance on high-frequency features and the (conventional) sample-distance to the decision boundary. We demonstrate that by reliably estimating adversarial vulnerability at the sample level using the proposed holistic metric, it is possible to develop a trustworthy system where humans can be alerted about the incoming samples that are highly likely to be misclassified at test time. This is achieved with better precision when our holistic metric is used over individual measures. To further corroborate the utility of the proposed holistic approach, we perform knowledge distillation in a limited-sample setting. We observe that the student network trained with the subset of samples selected using our combined metric performs better than both the competing baselines, viz., where samples are selected randomly or based on their distances to the decision boundary.      
### 20.Intra and Cross-spectrum Iris Presentation Attack Detection in the NIR and Visible Domains Using Attention-based and Pixel-wise Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02573.pdf)
>  Iris Presentation Attack Detection (PAD) is essential to secure iris recognition systems. Recent iris PAD solutions achieved good performance by leveraging deep learning techniques. However, most results were reported under intra-database scenarios and it is unclear if such solutions can generalize well across databases and capture spectra. These PAD methods run the risk of overfitting because of the binary label supervision during the network training, which serves global information learning but weakens the capture of local discriminative features. This chapter presents a novel attention-based deep pixel-wise binary supervision (A-PBS) method. A-PBS utilizes pixel-wise supervision to capture the fine-grained pixel/patch-level cues and attention mechanism to guide the network to automatically find regions where most contribute to an accurate PAD decision. Extensive experiments are performed on six NIR and one visible-light iris databases to show the effectiveness and robustness of proposed A-PBS methods. We additionally conduct extensive experiments under intra-/cross-database and intra-/cross-spectrum for detailed analysis. The results of our experiments indicates the generalizability of the A-PBS iris PAD approach.      
### 21.DropTrack -- automatic droplet tracking using deep learning for microfluidic applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02568.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are rapidly emerging as data analysis tools, often outperforming the conventional techniques used in complex microfluidic systems. One fundamental analysis frequently desired in microfluidic experiments is counting and tracking the droplets. Specifically, droplet tracking in dense emulsions is challenging as droplets move in tightly packed configurations. Sometimes the individual droplets in these dense clusters are hard to resolve, even for a human observer. Here, two deep learning-based cutting-edge algorithms for object detection (YOLO) and object tracking (DeepSORT) are combined into a single image analysis tool, DropTrack, to track droplets in microfluidic experiments. DropTrack analyzes input videos, extracts droplets' trajectories, and infers other observables of interest, such as droplet numbers. Training an object detector network for droplet recognition with manually annotated images is a labor-intensive task and a persistent bottleneck. This work partly resolves this problem by training object detector networks (YOLOv5) with hybrid datasets containing real and synthetic images. We present an analysis of a double emulsion experiment as a case study to measure DropTrack's performance. For our test case, the YOLO networks trained with 60% synthetic images show similar performance in droplet counting as with the one trained using 100% real images, meanwhile saving the image annotation work by 60%. DropTrack's performance is measured in terms of mean average precision (mAP), mean square error in counting the droplets, and inference speed. The fastest configuration of DropTrack runs inference at about 30 frames per second, well within the standards for real-time image analysis.      
### 22.Biologically inspired deep residual networks for computer vision applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02551.pdf)
>  Deep neural network has been ensured as a key technology in the field of many challenging and vigorously researched computer vision tasks. Furthermore, classical ResNet is thought to be a state-of-the-art convolutional neural network (CNN) and was observed to capture features which can have good generalization ability. In this work, we propose a biologically inspired deep residual neural network where the hexagonal convolutions are introduced along the skip connections. The performance of different ResNet variants using square and hexagonal convolution are evaluated with the competitive training strategy mentioned by [1]. We show that the proposed approach advances the baseline image classification accuracy of vanilla ResNet architectures on CIFAR-10 and the same was observed over multiple subsets of the ImageNet 2012 dataset. We observed an average improvement by 1.35% and 0.48% on baseline top-1 accuracies for ImageNet 2012 and CIFAR-10, respectively. The proposed biologically inspired deep residual networks were observed to have improved generalized performance and this could be a potential research direction to improve the discriminative ability of state-of-the-art image classification networks.      
### 23.OCR Synthetic Benchmark Dataset for Indic Languages  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02543.pdf)
>  We present the largest publicly available synthetic OCR benchmark dataset for Indic languages. The collection contains a total of 90k images and their ground truth for 23 Indic languages. OCR model validation in Indic languages require a good amount of diverse data to be processed in order to create a robust and reliable model. Generating such a huge amount of data would be difficult otherwise but with synthetic data, it becomes far easier. It can be of great importance to fields like Computer Vision or Image Processing where once an initial synthetic data is developed, model creation becomes easier. Generating synthetic data comes with the flexibility to adjust its nature and environment as and when required in order to improve the performance of the model. Accuracy for labeled real-time data is sometimes quite expensive while accuracy for synthetic data can be easily achieved with a good score.      
### 24.Parametric Reshaping of Portraits in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02538.pdf)
>  Sharing short personalized videos to various social media networks has become quite popular in recent years. This raises the need for digital retouching of portraits in videos. However, applying portrait image editing directly on portrait video frames cannot generate smooth and stable video sequences. To this end, we present a robust and easy-to-use parametric method to reshape the portrait in a video to produce smooth retouched results. Given an input portrait video, our method consists of two main stages: stabilized face reconstruction, and continuous video reshaping. In the first stage, we start by estimating face rigid pose transformations across video frames. Then we jointly optimize multiple frames to reconstruct an accurate face identity, followed by recovering face expressions over the entire video. In the second stage, we first reshape the reconstructed 3D face using a parametric reshaping model reflecting the weight change of the face, and then utilize the reshaped 3D face to guide the warping of video frames. We develop a novel signed distance function based dense mapping method for the warping between face contours before and after reshaping, resulting in stable warped video frames with minimum distortions. In addition, we use the 3D structure of the face to correct the dense mapping to achieve temporal consistency. We generate the final result by minimizing the background distortion through optimizing a content-aware warping mesh. Extensive experiments show that our method is able to create visually pleasing results by adjusting a simple reshaping parameter, which facilitates portrait video editing for social media and visual effects.      
### 25.YOLOPose: Transformer-based Multi-Object 6D Pose Estimation using Keypoint Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02536.pdf)
>  6D object pose estimation is a crucial prerequisite for autonomous robot manipulation applications. The state-of-the-art models for pose estimation are convolutional neural network (CNN)-based. Lately, Transformers, an architecture originally proposed for natural language processing, is achieving state-of-the-art results in many computer vision tasks as well. Equipped with the multi-head self-attention mechanism, Transformers enable simple single-stage end-to-end architectures for learning object detection and 6D object pose estimation jointly. In this work, we propose YOLOPose (short form for You Only Look Once Pose estimation), a Transformer-based multi-object 6D pose estimation method based on keypoint regression. In contrast to the standard heatmaps for predicting keypoints in an image, we directly regress the keypoints. Additionally, we employ a learnable orientation estimation module to predict the orientation from the keypoints. Along with a separate translation estimation module, our model is end-to-end differentiable. Our method is suitable for real-time applications and achieves results comparable to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 26.One Picture is Worth a Thousand Words: A New Wallet Recovery Process  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02511.pdf)
>  We introduce a new wallet recovery process. Our solution associates 1) visual passwords: a photograph of a secretly picked object (Chabanne et al., 2013) with 2) ImageNet classifiers transforming images into binary vectors and, 3) obfuscated fuzzy matching (Galbraith and Zobernig, 2019) for the storage of visual passwords/retrieval of wallet seeds. Our experiments show that the replacement of long seed phrases by a photograph is possible.      
### 27.Are GAN-based Morphs Threatening Face Recognition?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02496.pdf)
>  Morphing attacks are a threat to biometric systems where the biometric reference in an identity document can be altered. This form of attack presents an important issue in applications relying on identity documents such as border security or access control. Research in generation of face morphs and their detection is developing rapidly, however very few datasets with morphing attacks and open-source detection toolkits are publicly available. This paper bridges this gap by providing two datasets and the corresponding code for four types of morphing attacks: two that rely on facial landmarks based on OpenCV and FaceMorpher, and two that use StyleGAN 2 to generate synthetic morphs. We also conduct extensive experiments to assess the vulnerability of four state-of-the-art face recognition systems, including FaceNet, VGG-Face, ArcFace, and ISV. Surprisingly, the experiments demonstrate that, although visually more appealing, morphs based on StyleGAN 2 do not pose a significant threat to the state to face recognition systems, as these morphs were outmatched by the simple morphs that are based facial landmarks.      
### 28.Exploiting Correspondences with All-pairs Correlations for Multi-view Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02481.pdf)
>  Multi-view depth estimation plays a critical role in reconstructing and understanding the 3D world. Recent learning-based methods have made significant progress in it. However, multi-view depth estimation is fundamentally a correspondence-based optimization problem, but previous learning-based methods mainly rely on predefined depth hypotheses to build correspondence as the cost volume and implicitly regularize it to fit depth prediction, deviating from the essence of iterative optimization based on stereo correspondence. Thus, they suffer unsatisfactory precision and generalization capability. In this paper, we are the first to explore more general image correlations to establish correspondences dynamically for depth estimation. We design a novel iterative multi-view depth estimation framework mimicking the optimization process, which consists of 1) a correlation volume construction module that models the pixel similarity between a reference image and source images as all-to-all correlations; 2) a flow-based depth initialization module that estimates the depth from the 2D optical flow; 3) a novel correlation-guided depth refinement module that reprojects points in different views to effectively fetch relevant correlations for further fusion and integrate the fused correlation for iterative depth update. Without predefined depth hypotheses, the fused correlations establish multi-view correspondence in an efficient way and guide the depth refinement heuristically. We conduct sufficient experiments on ScanNet, DeMoN, ETH3D, and 7Scenes to demonstrate the superiority of our method on multi-view depth estimation and its best generalization ability.      
### 29.MMINR: Multi-frame-to-Multi-frame Inference with Noise Resistance for Precipitation Nowcasting with Radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02457.pdf)
>  Precipitation nowcasting based on radar echo maps is essential in meteorological research. Recently, Convolutional RNNs based methods dominate this field, but they cannot be solved by parallel computation resulting in longer inference time. FCN based methods adopt a multi-frame-to-single-frame inference (MSI) strategy to avoid this problem. They feedback into the model again to predict the next time step to get multi-frame nowcasting results in the prediction phase, which will lead to the accumulation of prediction errors. In addition, precipitation noise is a crucial factor contributing to high prediction errors because of its unpredictability. To address this problem, we propose a novel Multi-frame-to-Multi-frame Inference (MMI) model with Noise Resistance (NR) named MMINR. It avoids error accumulation and resists precipitation noiseś negative effect in parallel computation. NR contains a Noise Dropout Module (NDM) and a Semantic Restore Module (SRM). NDM deliberately dropout noise simple yet efficient, and SRM supplements semantic information of features to alleviate the problem of semantic information mistakenly lost by NDM. Experimental results demonstrate that MMINR can attain competitive scores compared with other SOTAs. The ablation experiments show that the proposed NDM and SRM can solve the aforementioned problems.      
### 30.Declaration-based Prompt Tuning for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02456.pdf)
>  In recent years, the pre-training-then-fine-tuning paradigm has yielded immense success on a wide spectrum of cross-modal tasks, such as visual question answering (VQA), in which a visual-language (VL) model is first optimized via self-supervised task objectives, e.g., masked language modeling (MLM) and image-text matching (ITM), and then fine-tuned to adapt to downstream task (e.g., VQA) via a brand-new objective function, e.g., answer prediction. The inconsistency of the objective forms not only severely limits the generalization of pre-trained VL models to downstream tasks, but also requires a large amount of labeled data for fine-tuning. To alleviate the problem, we propose an innovative VL fine-tuning paradigm (named Declaration-based Prompt Tuning, abbreviated as DPT), which jointly optimizes the objectives of pre-training and fine-tuning of VQA model, boosting the effective adaptation of pre-trained VL models to the downstream task. Specifically, DPT reformulates the objective form of VQA task via (1) textual adaptation, which converts the given questions into declarative sentence-form for prompt-tuning, and (2) task adaptation, which optimizes the objective function of VQA problem in the manner of pre-training phase. Experimental results on GQA dataset show that DPT outperforms the fine-tuned counterpart by a large margin regarding accuracy in both fully-supervised (2.68%) and zero-shot/few-shot (over 31%) settings. All the data and codes will be available to facilitate future research.      
### 31.Text to artistic image generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02439.pdf)
>  Painting is one of the ways for people to express their ideas, but what if people with disabilities in hands want to paint? To tackle this challenge, we create an end-to-end solution that can generate artistic images from text descriptions. However, due to the lack of datasets with paired text description and artistic images, it is hard to directly train an algorithm which can create art based on text input. To address this issue, we split our task into three steps: (1) Generate a realistic image from a text description by using Dynamic Memory Generative Adversarial Network (<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1904.01310" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.01310">arXiv:1904.01310</a>), (2) Classify the image as a genre that exists in the WikiArt dataset using Resnet (arXiv: <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1512.03385" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385">1512.03385</a>), (3) Select a style that is compatible with the genre and transfer it to the generated image by using neural artistic stylization network (<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1705.06830" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1705.06830">arXiv:1705.06830</a>).      
### 32.Towards Real-time Traffic Sign and Traffic Light Detection on Embedded Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02421.pdf)
>  Recent work done on traffic sign and traffic light detection focus on improving detection accuracy in complex scenarios, yet many fail to deliver real-time performance, specifically with limited computational resources. In this work, we propose a simple deep learning based end-to-end detection framework, which effectively tackles challenges inherent to traffic sign and traffic light detection such as small size, large number of classes and complex road scenarios. We optimize the detection models using TensorRT and integrate with Robot Operating System to deploy on an Nvidia Jetson AGX Xavier as our embedded device. The overall system achieves a high inference speed of 63 frames per second, demonstrating the capability of our system to perform in real-time. Furthermore, we introduce CeyRo, which is the first ever large-scale traffic sign and traffic light detection dataset for the Sri Lankan context. Our dataset consists of 7984 total images with 10176 traffic sign and traffic light instances covering 70 traffic sign and 5 traffic light classes. The images have a high resolution of 1920 x 1080 and capture a wide range of challenging road scenarios with different weather and lighting conditions. Our work is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/oshadajay/CeyRo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Surface Reconstruction from Point Clouds: A Survey and a Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02413.pdf)
>  Reconstruction of a continuous surface of two-dimensional manifold from its raw, discrete point cloud observation is a long-standing problem. The problem is technically ill-posed, and becomes more difficult considering that various sensing imperfections would appear in the point clouds obtained by practical depth scanning. In literature, a rich set of methods has been proposed, and reviews of existing methods are also provided. However, existing reviews are short of thorough investigations on a common benchmark. The present paper aims to review and benchmark existing methods in the new era of deep learning surface reconstruction. To this end, we contribute a large-scale benchmarking dataset consisting of both synthetic and real-scanned data; the benchmark includes object- and scene-level surfaces and takes into account various sensing imperfections that are commonly encountered in practical depth scanning. We conduct thorough empirical studies by comparing existing methods on the constructed benchmark, and pay special attention on robustness of existing methods against various scanning imperfections; we also study how different methods generalize in terms of reconstructing complex surface shapes. Our studies help identify the best conditions under which different methods work, and suggest some empirical findings. For example, while deep learning methods are increasingly popular, our systematic studies suggest that, surprisingly, a few classical methods perform even better in terms of both robustness and generalization; our studies also suggest that the practical challenges of misalignment of point sets from multi-view scanning, missing of surface points, and point outliers remain unsolved by all the existing surface reconstruction methods. We expect that the benchmark and our studies would be valuable both for practitioners and as a guidance for new innovations in future research.      
### 34.Spot-adaptive Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02399.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) has become a well established paradigm for compressing deep neural networks. The typical way of conducting knowledge distillation is to train the student network under the supervision of the teacher network to harness the knowledge at one or multiple spots (i.e., layers) in the teacher network. The distillation spots, once specified, will not change for all the training samples, throughout the whole distillation process. In this work, we argue that distillation spots should be adaptive to training samples and distillation epochs. We thus propose a new distillation strategy, termed spot-adaptive KD (SAKD), to adaptively determine the distillation spots in the teacher network per sample, at every training iteration during the whole distillation period. As SAKD actually focuses on "where to distill" instead of "what to distill" that is widely investigated by most existing works, it can be seamlessly integrated into existing distillation methods to further improve their performance. Extensive experiments with 10 state-of-the-art distillers are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of SAKD for improving their distillation performance, under both homogeneous and heterogeneous distillation settings. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zju-vipa/spot-adaptive-pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 35.Compressive Ptychography using Deep Image and Generative Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02397.pdf)
>  Ptychography is a well-established coherent diffraction imaging technique that enables non-invasive imaging of samples at a nanometer scale. It has been extensively used in various areas such as the defense industry or materials science. One major limitation of ptychography is the long data acquisition time due to mechanical scanning of the sample; therefore, approaches to reduce the scan points are highly desired. However, reconstructions with less number of scan points lead to imaging artifacts and significant distortions, hindering a quantitative evaluation of the results. To address this bottleneck, we propose a generative model combining deep image priors with deep generative priors. The self-training approach optimizes the deep generative neural network to create a solution for a given dataset. We complement our approach with a prior acquired from a previously trained discriminator network to avoid a possible divergence from the desired output caused by the noise in the measurements. We also suggest using the total variation as a complementary before combat artifacts due to measurement noise. We analyze our approach with numerical experiments through different probe overlap percentages and varying noise levels. We also demonstrate improved reconstruction accuracy compared to the state-of-the-art method and discuss the advantages and disadvantages of our approach.      
### 36.A Bayesian Detect to Track System for Robust Visual Object Tracking and Semi-Supervised Model Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02371.pdf)
>  Object tracking is one of the fundamental problems in visual recognition tasks and has achieved significant improvements in recent years. The achievements often come with the price of enormous hardware consumption and expensive labor effort for consecutive labeling. A missing ingredient for robust tracking is achieving performance with minimal modification on network structure and semi-supervised learning intermittent labeled frames. In this paper, we ad-dress these problems in a Bayesian tracking and detection framework parameterized by neural network outputs. In our framework, the tracking and detection process is formulated in a probabilistic way as multi-objects dynamics and network detection uncertainties. With our formulation, we propose a particle filter-based approximate sampling algorithm for tracking object state estimation. Based on our particle filter inference algorithm, a semi-supervised learn-ing algorithm is utilized for learning tracking network on intermittent labeled frames by variational inference. In our experiments, we provide both mAP and probability-based detection measurements for comparison between our algorithm with non-Bayesian solutions. We also train a semi-supervised tracking network on M2Cai16-Tool-Locations Dataset and compare our results with supervised learning on fully labeled frames.      
### 37.ShoeRinsics: Shoeprint Prediction for Forensics with Intrinsic Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02361.pdf)
>  Shoe tread impressions are one of the most common types of evidence left at crime scenes. However, the utility of such evidence is limited by the lack of databases of footwear impression patterns that cover the huge and growing number of distinct shoe models. We propose to address this gap by leveraging shoe tread photographs collected by online retailers. The core challenge is to predict the impression pattern from the shoe photograph since ground-truth impressions or 3D shapes of tread patterns are not available. We develop a model that performs intrinsic image decomposition (predicting depth, normal, albedo, and lighting) from a single tread photo. Our approach, which we term ShoeRinsics, combines domain adaptation and re-rendering losses in order to leverage a mix of fully supervised synthetic data and unsupervised retail image data. To validate model performance, we also collected a set of paired shoe-sole images and corresponding prints, and define a benchmarking protocol to quantify the accuracy of predicted impressions. On this benchmark, ShoeRinsics outperforms existing methods for depth prediction and synthetic-to-real domain adaptation.      
### 38.BodySLAM: Joint Camera Localisation, Mapping, and Human Motion Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02301.pdf)
>  Estimating human motion from video is an active research area due to its many potential applications. Most state-of-the-art methods predict human shape and posture estimates for individual images and do not leverage the temporal information available in video. Many "in the wild" sequences of human motion are captured by a moving camera, which adds the complication of conflated camera and human motion to the estimation. We therefore present BodySLAM, a monocular SLAM system that jointly estimates the position, shape, and posture of human bodies, as well as the camera trajectory. We also introduce a novel human motion model to constrain sequential body postures and observe the scale of the scene. Through a series of experiments on video sequences of human motion captured by a moving monocular camera, we demonstrate that BodySLAM improves estimates of all human body parameters and camera poses when compared to estimating these separately.      
### 39.P3IV: Probabilistic Procedure Planning from Instructional Videos with Weak Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02300.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of procedure planning in instructional videos. Here, an agent must produce a plausible sequence of actions that can transform the environment from a given start to a desired goal state. When learning procedure planning from instructional videos, most recent work leverages intermediate visual observations as supervision, which requires expensive annotation efforts to localize precisely all the instructional steps in training videos. In contrast, we remove the need for expensive temporal video annotations and propose a weakly supervised approach by learning from natural language instructions. Our model is based on a transformer equipped with a memory module, which maps the start and goal observations to a sequence of plausible actions. Furthermore, we augment our model with a probabilistic generative module to capture the uncertainty inherent to procedure planning, an aspect largely overlooked by previous work. We evaluate our model on three datasets and show our weaklysupervised approach outperforms previous fully supervised state-of-the-art models on multiple metrics.      
### 40.Contact Points Discovery for Soft-Body Manipulations with Differentiable Physics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02835.pdf)
>  Differentiable physics has recently been shown as a powerful tool for solving soft-body manipulation tasks. However, the differentiable physics solver often gets stuck when the initial contact points of the end effectors are sub-optimal or when performing multi-stage tasks that require contact point switching, which often leads to local minima. To address this challenge, we propose a contact point discovery approach (CPDeform) that guides the stand-alone differentiable physics solver to deform various soft-body plasticines. The key idea of our approach is to integrate optimal transport-based contact points discovery into the differentiable physics solver to overcome the local minima from initial contact points or contact switching. On single-stage tasks, our method can automatically find suitable initial contact points based on transport priorities. On complex multi-stage tasks, we can iteratively switch the contact points of end-effectors based on transport priorities. To evaluate the effectiveness of our method, we introduce PlasticineLab-M that extends the existing differentiable physics benchmark PlasticineLab to seven new challenging multi-stage soft-body manipulation tasks. Extensive experimental results suggest that: 1) on multi-stage tasks that are infeasible for the vanilla differentiable physics solver, our approach discovers contact points that efficiently guide the solver to completion; 2) on tasks where the vanilla solver performs sub-optimally or near-optimally, our contact point discovery method performs better than or on par with the manipulation performance obtained with handcrafted contact points.      
### 41.Hardware System Implementation for Human Detection using HOG and SVM Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02689.pdf)
>  Human detection is a popular issue and has been widely used in many applications. However, including complexities in computation, leading to the human detection system implemented hardly in real-time applications. This paper presents the architecture of hardware, a human detection system that was simulated in the ModelSim tool. As a co-processor, this system was built to off-load to Central Processor Unit (CPU) and speed up the computation timing. The 130x66 RGB pixels of static input image attracted features and classify by using the Histogram of Oriented Gradient (HOG) algorithm and Support Vector Machine (SVM) algorithm, respectively. As a result, the accuracy rate of this system reaches 84.35 percent. And the timing for detection decreases to 0.757 ms at 50MHz frequency (54 times faster when this system was implemented in software by using the Matlab tool).      
### 42.GANimator: Neural Motion Synthesis from a Single Sequence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02625.pdf)
>  We present GANimator, a generative model that learns to synthesize novel motions from a single, short motion sequence. GANimator generates motions that resemble the core elements of the original motion, while simultaneously synthesizing novel and diverse movements. Existing data-driven techniques for motion synthesis require a large motion dataset which contains the desired and specific skeletal structure. By contrast, GANimator only requires training on a single motion sequence, enabling novel motion synthesis for a variety of skeletal structures e.g., bipeds, quadropeds, hexapeds, and more. Our framework contains a series of generative and adversarial neural networks, each responsible for generating motions in a specific frame rate. The framework progressively learns to synthesize motion from random noise, enabling hierarchical control over the generated motion content across varying levels of detail. We show a number of applications, including crowd simulation, key-frame editing, style transfer, and interactive control, which all learn from a single input sequence. Code and data for this paper are at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://peizhuoli.github.io/ganimator" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Real-time Controllable Motion Transition for Characters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02540.pdf)
>  Real-time in-between motion generation is universally required in games and highly desirable in existing animation pipelines. Its core challenge lies in the need to satisfy three critical conditions simultaneously: quality, controllability and speed, which renders any methods that need offline computation (or post-processing) or cannot incorporate (often unpredictable) user control undesirable. To this end, we propose a new real-time transition method to address the aforementioned challenges. Our approach consists of two key components: motion manifold and conditional transitioning. The former learns the important low-level motion features and their dynamics; while the latter synthesizes transitions conditioned on a target frame and the desired transition duration. We first learn a motion manifold that explicitly models the intrinsic transition stochasticity in human motions via a multi-modal mapping mechanism. Then, during generation, we design a transition model which is essentially a sampling strategy to sample from the learned manifold, based on the target frame and the aimed transition duration. We validate our method on different datasets in tasks where no post-processing or offline computation is allowed. Through exhaustive evaluation and comparison, we show that our method is able to generate high-quality motions measured under multiple metrics. Our method is also robust under various target frames (with extreme cases).      
### 44.View-labels Are Indispensable: A Multifacet Complementarity Study of Multi-view Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02507.pdf)
>  Consistency and complementarity are two key ingredients for boosting multi-view clustering (MVC). Recently with the introduction of popular contrastive learning, the consistency learning of views has been further enhanced in MVC, leading to promising performance. However, by contrast, the complementarity has not received sufficient attention except just in the feature facet, where the Hilbert Schmidt Independence Criterion (HSIC) term or the independent encoder-decoder network is usually adopted to capture view-specific information. This motivates us to reconsider the complementarity learning of views comprehensively from multiple facets including the feature-, view-label- and contrast- facets, while maintaining the view consistency. We empirically find that all the facets contribute to the complementarity learning, especially the view-label facet, which is usually neglected by existing methods. Based on this, we develop a novel \underline{M}ultifacet \underline{C}omplementarity learning framework for \underline{M}ulti-\underline{V}iew \underline{C}lustering (MCMVC), which fuses multifacet complementarity information, especially explicitly embedding the view-label information. To our best knowledge, it is the first time to use view-labels explicitly to guide the complementarity learning of views. Compared with the SOTA baseline, MCMVC achieves remarkable improvements, e.g., by average margins over $5.00\%$ and $7.00\%$ respectively in complete and incomplete MVC settings on Caltech101-20 in terms of three evaluation metrics.      
