# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 18 May 2022
### 1.Disentangling Visual Embeddings for Attributes and Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08536.pdf)
>  We study the problem of compositional zero-shot learning for object-attribute recognition. Prior works use visual features extracted with a backbone network, pre-trained for object classification and thus do not capture the subtly distinct features associated with attributes. To overcome this challenge, these studies employ supervision from the linguistic space, and use pre-trained word embeddings to better separate and compose attribute-object pairs for recognition. Analogous to linguistic embedding space, which already has unique and agnostic embeddings for object and attribute, we shift the focus back to the visual space and propose a novel architecture that can disentangle attribute and object features in the visual space. We use visual decomposed features to hallucinate embeddings that are representative for the seen and novel compositions to better regularize the learning of our model. Extensive experiments show that our method outperforms existing work with significant margin on three datasets: MIT-States, UT-Zappos, and a new benchmark created based on VAW. The code, models, and dataset splits are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nirat1606/OADis" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.AvatarCLIP: Zero-Shot Text-Driven Generation and Animation of 3D Avatars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08535.pdf)
>  3D avatar creation plays a crucial role in the digital age. However, the whole production process is prohibitively time-consuming and labor-intensive. To democratize this technology to a larger audience, we propose AvatarCLIP, a zero-shot text-driven framework for 3D avatar generation and animation. Unlike professional software that requires expert knowledge, AvatarCLIP empowers layman users to customize a 3D avatar with the desired shape and texture, and drive the avatar with the described motions using solely natural languages. Our key insight is to take advantage of the powerful vision-language model CLIP for supervising neural human generation, in terms of 3D geometry, texture and animation. Specifically, driven by natural language descriptions, we initialize 3D human geometry generation with a shape VAE network. Based on the generated 3D human shapes, a volume rendering model is utilized to further facilitate geometry sculpting and texture generation. Moreover, by leveraging the priors learned in the motion VAE, a CLIP-guided reference-based motion synthesis method is proposed for the animation of the generated 3D avatar. Extensive qualitative and quantitative experiments validate the effectiveness and generalizability of AvatarCLIP on a wide range of avatars. Remarkably, AvatarCLIP can generate unseen 3D avatars with novel animations, achieving superior zero-shot capability.      
### 3.Vision Transformer Adapter for Dense Predictions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08534.pdf)
>  This work investigates a simple yet powerful adapter for Vision Transformer (ViT). Unlike recent visual transformers that introduce vision-specific inductive biases into their architectures, ViT achieves inferior performance on dense prediction tasks due to lacking prior information of images. To solve this issue, we propose a Vision Transformer Adapter (ViT-Adapter), which can remedy the defects of ViT and achieve comparable performance to vision-specific models by introducing inductive biases via an additional architecture. Specifically, the backbone in our framework is a vanilla transformer that can be pre-trained with multi-modal data. When fine-tuning on downstream tasks, a modality-specific adapter is used to introduce the data and tasks' prior information into the model, making it suitable for these tasks. We verify the effectiveness of our ViT-Adapter on multiple downstream tasks, including object detection, instance segmentation, and semantic segmentation. Notably, when using HTC++, our ViT-Adapter-L yields 60.1 box AP and 52.1 mask AP on COCO test-dev, surpassing Swin-L by 1.4 box AP and 1.0 mask AP. For semantic segmentation, our ViT-Adapter-L establishes a new state-of-the-art of 60.5 mIoU on ADE20K val, 0.6 points higher than SwinV2-G. We hope that the proposed ViT-Adapter could serve as an alternative for vision-specific transformers and facilitate future research.      
### 4.Self-supervised Neural Articulated Shape and Appearance Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08525.pdf)
>  Learning geometry, motion, and appearance priors of object classes is important for the solution of a large variety of computer vision problems. While the majority of approaches has focused on static objects, dynamic objects, especially with controllable articulation, are less explored. We propose a novel approach for learning a representation of the geometry, appearance, and motion of a class of articulated objects given only a set of color images as input. In a self-supervised manner, our novel representation learns shape, appearance, and articulation codes that enable independent control of these semantic dimensions. Our model is trained end-to-end without requiring any articulation annotations. Experiments show that our approach performs well for different joint types, such as revolute and prismatic joints, as well as different combinations of these joints. Compared to state of the art that uses direct 3D supervision and does not output appearance, we recover more faithful geometry and appearance from 2D observations only. In addition, our representation enables a large variety of applications, such as few-shot reconstruction, the generation of novel articulations, and novel view-synthesis.      
### 5.Unsupervised Segmentation in Real-World Images via Spelke Object Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08515.pdf)
>  Self-supervised category-agnostic segmentation of real-world images into objects is a challenging open problem in computer vision. Here, we show how to learn static grouping priors from motion self-supervision, building on the cognitive science notion of Spelke Objects: groupings of stuff that move together. We introduce Excitatory-Inhibitory Segment Extraction Network (EISEN), which learns from optical flow estimates to extract pairwise affinity graphs for static scenes. EISEN then produces segments from affinities using a novel graph propagation and competition mechanism. Correlations between independent sources of motion (e.g. robot arms) and objects they move are resolved into separate segments through a bootstrapping training process. We show that EISEN achieves a substantial improvement in the state of the art for self-supervised segmentation on challenging synthetic and real-world robotic image datasets. We also present an ablation analysis illustrating the importance of each element of the EISEN architecture.      
### 6.A CLIP-Hitchhiker's Guide to Long Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08508.pdf)
>  Our goal in this paper is the adaptation of image-text models for long video retrieval. Recent works have demonstrated state-of-the-art performance in video retrieval by adopting CLIP, effectively hitchhiking on the image-text representation for video tasks. However, there has been limited success in learning temporal aggregation that outperform mean-pooling the image-level representations extracted per frame by CLIP. We find that the simple yet effective baseline of weighted-mean of frame embeddings via query-scoring is a significant improvement above all prior temporal modelling attempts and mean-pooling. In doing so, we provide an improved baseline for others to compare to and demonstrate state-of-the-art performance of this simple baseline on a suite of long video retrieval benchmarks.      
### 7.ColonFormer: An Efficient Transformer based Method for Colon Polyp Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08473.pdf)
>  Identifying polyps is a challenging problem for automatic analysis of endoscopic images in computer-aided clinical support systems. Models based on convolutional networks (CNN), transformers, and combinations of them have been proposed to segment polyps with promising results. However, those approaches have limitations either in modeling the local appearance of the polyps only or lack of multi-level features for spatial dependency in the decoding process. This paper proposes a novel network, namely ColonFormer, to address these limitations. ColonFormer is an encoder-decoder architecture with the capability of modeling long-range semantic information at both encoder and decoder branches. The encoder is a lightweight architecture based on transformers for modeling global semantic relations at multi scales. The decoder is a hierarchical network structure designed for learning multi-level features to enrich feature representation. Besides, a refinement module is added with a new skip connection technique to refine the boundary of polyp objects in the global map for accurate segmentation. Extensive experiments have been conducted on five popular benchmark datasets for polyp segmentation, including Kvasir, CVC-Clinic DB, CVCColonDB, EndoScene, and ETIS. Experimental results show that our ColonFormer achieve state-of-the-art performance on all benchmark datasets.      
### 8.Semi-Supervised Building Footprint Generation with Feature and Output Consistency Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08416.pdf)
>  Accurate and reliable building footprint maps are vital to urban planning and monitoring, and most existing approaches fall back on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for building footprint generation. However, one limitation of these methods is that they require strong supervisory information from massive annotated samples for network learning. State-of-the-art semi-supervised semantic segmentation networks with consistency training can help to deal with this issue by leveraging a large amount of unlabeled data, which encourages the consistency of model output on data perturbation. Considering that rich information is also encoded in feature maps, we propose to integrate the consistency of both features and outputs in the end-to-end network training of unlabeled samples, enabling to impose additional constraints. Prior semi-supervised semantic segmentation networks have established the cluster assumption, in which the decision boundary should lie in the vicinity of low sample density. In this work, we observe that for building footprint generation, the low-density regions are more apparent at the intermediate feature representations within the encoder than the encoder's input or output. Therefore, we propose an instruction to assign the perturbation to the intermediate feature representations within the encoder, which considers the spatial resolution of input remote sensing imagery and the mean size of individual buildings in the study area. The proposed method is evaluated on three datasets with different resolutions: Planet dataset (3 m/pixel), Massachusetts dataset (1 m/pixel), and Inria dataset (0.3 m/pixel). Experimental results show that the proposed approach can well extract more complete building structures and alleviate omission errors.      
### 9.GraphMapper: Efficient Visual Navigation by Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08325.pdf)
>  Understanding the geometric relationships between objects in a scene is a core capability in enabling both humans and autonomous agents to navigate in new environments. A sparse, unified representation of the scene topology will allow agents to act efficiently to move through their environment, communicate the environment state with others, and utilize the representation for diverse downstream tasks. To this end, we propose a method to train an autonomous agent to learn to accumulate a 3D scene graph representation of its environment by simultaneously learning to navigate through said environment. We demonstrate that our approach, GraphMapper, enables the learning of effective navigation policies through fewer interactions with the environment than vision-based systems alone. Further, we show that GraphMapper can act as a modular scene encoder to operate alongside existing Learning-based solutions to not only increase navigational efficiency but also generate intermediate scene representations that are useful for other future tasks.      
### 10.Unified Interactive Image Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08324.pdf)
>  Recent image matting studies are developing towards proposing trimap-free or interactive methods for complete complex image matting tasks. Although avoiding the extensive labors of trimap annotation, existing methods still suffer from two limitations: (1) For the single image with multiple objects, it is essential to provide extra interaction information to help determining the matting target; (2) For transparent objects, the accurate regression of alpha matte from RGB image is much more difficult compared with the opaque ones. In this work, we propose a Unified Interactive image Matting method, named UIM, which solves the limitations and achieves satisfying matting results for any scenario. Specifically, UIM leverages multiple types of user interaction to avoid the ambiguity of multiple matting targets, and we compare the pros and cons of different annotation types in detail. To unify the matting performance for transparent and opaque objects, we decouple image matting into two stages, i.e., foreground segmentation and transparency prediction. Moreover, we design a multi-scale attentive fusion module to alleviate the vagueness in the boundary region. Experimental results demonstrate that UIM achieves state-of-the-art performance on the Composition-1K test set and a synthetic unified dataset. Our code and models will be released soon.      
### 11.MulT: An End-to-End Multitask Learning Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08303.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end Multitask Learning Transformer framework, named MulT, to simultaneously learn multiple high-level vision tasks, including depth estimation, semantic segmentation, reshading, surface normal estimation, 2D keypoint detection, and edge detection. Based on the Swin transformer model, our framework encodes the input image into a shared representation and makes predictions for each vision task using task-specific transformer-based decoder heads. At the heart of our approach is a shared attention mechanism modeling the dependencies across the tasks. We evaluate our model on several multitask benchmarks, showing that our MulT framework outperforms both the state-of-the art multitask convolutional neural network models and all the respective single task transformer models. Our experiments further highlight the benefits of sharing attention across all the tasks, and demonstrate that our MulT model is robust and generalizes well to new domains. Our project website is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ivrl.github.io/MulT/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Detection Masking for Improved OCR on Noisy Documents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08257.pdf)
>  Optical Character Recognition (OCR), the task of extracting textual information from scanned documents is a vital and broadly used technology for digitizing and indexing physical documents. Existing technologies perform well for clean documents, but when the document is visually degraded, or when there are non-textual elements, OCR quality can be greatly impacted, specifically due to erroneous detections. In this paper we present an improved detection network with a masking system to improve the quality of OCR performed on documents. By filtering non-textual elements from the image we can utilize document-level OCR to incorporate contextual information to improve OCR results. We perform a unified evaluation on a publicly available dataset demonstrating the usefulness and broad applicability of our method. Additionally, we present and make publicly available our synthetic dataset with a unique hard-negative component specifically tuned to improve detection results, and evaluate the benefits that can be gained from its usage      
### 13.Learnable Optimal Sequential Grouping for Video Scene Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08249.pdf)
>  Video scene detection is the task of dividing videos into temporal semantic chapters. This is an important preliminary step before attempting to analyze heterogeneous video content. Recently, Optimal Sequential Grouping (OSG) was proposed as a powerful unsupervised solution to solve a formulation of the video scene detection problem. In this work, we extend the capabilities of OSG to the learning regime. By giving the capability to both learn from examples and leverage a robust optimization formulation, we can boost performance and enhance the versatility of the technology. We present a comprehensive analysis of incorporating OSG into deep learning neural networks under various configurations. These configurations include learning an embedding in a straight-forward manner, a tailored loss designed to guide the solution of OSG, and an integrated model where the learning is performed through the OSG pipeline. With thorough evaluation and analysis, we assess the benefits and behavior of the various configurations, and show that our learnable OSG approach exhibits desirable behavior and enhanced performance compared to the state of the art.      
### 14.blob loss: instance imbalance aware loss functions for semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08209.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have proven to be remarkably effective in semantic segmentation tasks. Most popular loss functions were introduced targeting improved volumetric scores, such as the Sorensen Dice coefficient. By design, DSC can tackle class imbalance; however, it does not recognize instance imbalance within a class. As a result, a large foreground instance can dominate minor instances and still produce a satisfactory Sorensen Dice coefficient. Nevertheless, missing out on instances will lead to poor detection performance. This represents a critical issue in applications such as disease progression monitoring. For example, it is imperative to locate and surveil small-scale lesions in the follow-up of multiple sclerosis patients. We propose a novel family of loss functions, nicknamed blob loss, primarily aimed at maximizing instance-level detection metrics, such as F1 score and sensitivity. Blob loss is designed for semantic segmentation problems in which the instances are the connected components within a class. We extensively evaluate a DSC-based blob loss in five complex 3D semantic segmentation tasks featuring pronounced instance heterogeneity in terms of texture and morphology. Compared to soft Dice loss, we achieve 5 percent improvement for MS lesions, 3 percent improvement for liver tumor, and an average 2 percent improvement for Microscopy segmentation tasks considering F1 score.      
### 15.DynPL-SVO: A New Method Using Point and Line Features for Stereo Visual Odometry in Dynamic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08207.pdf)
>  Stereo visual odometry is widely used where a robot tracks its position and orientation using stereo cameras. Most of the approaches recovered mobile robotics motion based on the matching and tracking of point features along a sequence of stereo images. But in low-textured and dynamic scenes, there are no sufficient robust static point features for motion estimation, causing lots of previous work to fail to reconstruct the robotic motion. However, line features can be detected in such low-textured and dynamic scenes. In this paper, we proposed DynPL-SVO, a stereo visual odometry with the $dynamic$ $grid$ algorithm and the cost function containing both vertical and horizontal information of the line features. Stereo camera motion was obtained through Levenberg-Marquard minimization of re-projection error of point and line features. The experimental results on the KITTI and EuRoC MAV datasets showed that the DynPL-SVO had a competitive performance when compared to other state-of-the-art systems by producing more robust and accurate motion estimation, especially in low-textured and dynamic scenes.      
### 16.CellTypeGraph: A New Geometric Computer Vision Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08166.pdf)
>  Classifying all cells in an organ is a relevant and difficult problem from plant developmental biology. We here abstract the problem into a new benchmark for node classification in a geo-referenced graph. Solving it requires learning the spatial layout of the organ including symmetries. To allow the convenient testing of new geometrical learning methods, the benchmark of Arabidopsis thaliana ovules is made available as a PyTorch data loader, along with a large number of precomputed features. Finally, we benchmark eight recent graph neural network architectures, finding that DeeperGCN currently works best on this problem.      
### 17.Uncertainty-based Network for Few-shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08157.pdf)
>  The transductive inference is an effective technique in the few-shot learning task, where query sets update prototypes to improve themselves. However, these methods optimize the model by considering only the classification scores of the query instances as confidence while ignoring the uncertainty of these classification scores. In this paper, we propose a novel method called Uncertainty-Based Network, which models the uncertainty of classification results with the help of mutual information. Specifically, we first data augment and classify the query instance and calculate the mutual information of these classification scores. Then, mutual information is used as uncertainty to assign weights to classification scores, and the iterative update strategy based on classification scores and uncertainties assigns the optimal weights to query instances in prototype optimization. Extensive results on four benchmarks show that Uncertainty-Based Network achieves comparable performance in classification accuracy compared to state-of-the-art method.      
### 18.UnPWC-SVDLO: Multi-SVD on PointPWC for Unsupervised Lidar Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08150.pdf)
>  High-precision lidar odomety is an essential part of autonomous driving. In recent years, deep learning methods have been widely used in lidar odomety tasks, but most of the current methods only extract the global features of the point clouds. It is impossible to obtain more detailed point-level features in this way. In addition, only the fully connected layer is used to estimate the pose. The fully connected layer has achieved obvious results in the classification task, but the changes in pose are a continuous rather than discrete process, high-precision pose estimation can not be obtained only by using the fully connected layer. Our method avoids problems mentioned above. We use PointPWC as our backbone network. PointPWC is originally used for scene flow estimation. The scene flow estimation task has a strong correlation with lidar odomety. Traget point clouds can be obtained by adding the scene flow and source point clouds. We can achieve the pose directly through ICP algorithm solved by SVD, and the fully connected layer is no longer used. PointPWC extracts point-level features from point clouds with different sampling levels, which solves the problem of too rough feature extraction. We conduct experiments on KITTI, Ford Campus Vision and Lidar DataSe and Apollo-SouthBay Dataset. Our result is comparable with the state-of-the-art unsupervised deep learing method SelfVoxeLO.      
### 19.Gender and Racial Bias in Visual Question Answering Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08148.pdf)
>  Vision-and-language tasks have increasingly drawn more attention as a means to evaluate human-like reasoning in machine learning models. A popular task in the field is visual question answering (VQA), which aims to answer questions about images. However, VQA models have been shown to exploit language bias by learning the statistical correlations between questions and answers without looking into the image content: e.g., questions about the color of a banana are answered with yellow, even if the banana in the image is green. If societal bias (e.g., sexism, racism, ableism, etc.) is present in the training data, this problem may be causing VQA models to learn harmful stereotypes. For this reason, we investigate gender and racial bias in five VQA datasets. In our analysis, we find that the distribution of answers is highly different between questions about women and men, as well as the existence of detrimental gender-stereotypical samples. Likewise, we identify that specific race-related attributes are underrepresented, whereas potentially discriminatory samples appear in the analyzed datasets. Our findings suggest that there are dangers associated to using VQA datasets without considering and dealing with the potentially harmful stereotypes. We conclude the paper by proposing solutions to alleviate the problem before, during, and after the dataset collection process.      
### 20.Pairwise Comparison Network for Remote Sensing Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08147.pdf)
>  Remote sensing scene classification aims to assign a specific semantic label to a remote sensing image. Recently, convolutional neural networks have greatly improved the performance of remote sensing scene classification. However, some confused images may be easily recognized as the incorrect category, which generally degrade the performance. The differences between image pairs can be used to distinguish image categories. This paper proposed a pairwise comparison network, which contains two main steps: pairwise selection and pairwise representation. The proposed network first selects similar image pairs, and then represents the image pairs with pairwise representations. The self-representation is introduced to highlight the informative parts of each image itself, while the mutual-representation is proposed to capture the subtle differences between image pairs. Comprehensive experimental results on two challenging datasets (AID, NWPU-RESISC45) demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed network. The code are provided in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/spectralpublic/PCNet.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.MATrIX -- Modality-Aware Transformer for Information eXtraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08094.pdf)
>  We present MATrIX - a Modality-Aware Transformer for Information eXtraction in the Visual Document Understanding (VDU) domain. VDU covers information extraction from visually rich documents such as forms, invoices, receipts, tables, graphs, presentations, or advertisements. In these, text semantics and visual information supplement each other to provide a global understanding of the document. MATrIX is pre-trained in an unsupervised way with specifically designed tasks that require the use of multi-modal information (spatial, visual, or textual). We consider the spatial and text modalities all at once in a single token set. To make the attention more flexible, we use a learned modality-aware relative bias in the attention mechanism to modulate the attention between the tokens of different modalities. We evaluate MATrIX on 3 different datasets each with strong baselines.      
### 22.A Linear Comb Filter for Event Flicker Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08090.pdf)
>  Event cameras are bio-inspired sensors that capture per-pixel asynchronous intensity change rather than the synchronous absolute intensity frames captured by a classical camera sensor. Such cameras are ideal for robotics applications since they have high temporal resolution, high dynamic range and low latency. However, due to their high temporal resolution, event cameras are particularly sensitive to flicker such as from fluorescent or LED lights. During every cycle from bright to dark, pixels that image a flickering light source generate many events that provide little or no useful information for a robot, swamping the useful data in the scene. In this paper, we propose a novel linear filter to preprocess event data to remove unwanted flicker events from an event stream. The proposed algorithm achieves over 4.6 times relative improvement in the signal-to-noise ratio when compared to the raw event stream due to the effective removal of flicker from fluorescent lighting. Thus, it is ideally suited to robotics applications that operate in indoor settings or scenes illuminated by flickering light sources.      
### 23.Efficient Stereo Depth Estimation for Pseudo LiDAR: A Self-Supervised Approach Based on Multi-Input ResNet Encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08089.pdf)
>  Perception and localization are essential for autonomous delivery vehicles, mostly estimated from 3D LiDAR sensors due to their precise distance measurement capability. This paper presents a strategy to obtain the real-time pseudo point cloud instead of the laser sensor from the image sensor. We propose an approach to use different depth estimators to obtain pseudo point clouds like LiDAR to obtain better performance. Moreover, the training and validating strategy of the depth estimator has adopted stereo imagery data to estimate more accurate depth estimation as well as point cloud results. Our approach to generating depth maps outperforms on KITTI benchmark while yielding point clouds significantly faster than other approaches.      
### 24.Region-Aware Metric Learning for Open World Semantic Segmentation via Meta-Channel Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08083.pdf)
>  As one of the most challenging and practical segmentation tasks, open-world semantic segmentation requires the model to segment the anomaly regions in the images and incrementally learn to segment out-of-distribution (OOD) objects, especially under a few-shot condition. The current state-of-the-art (SOTA) method, Deep Metric Learning Network (DMLNet), relies on pixel-level metric learning, with which the identification of similar regions having different semantics is difficult. Therefore, we propose a method called region-aware metric learning (RAML), which first separates the regions of the images and generates region-aware features for further metric learning. RAML improves the integrity of the segmented anomaly regions. Moreover, we propose a novel meta-channel aggregation (MCA) module to further separate anomaly regions, forming high-quality sub-region candidates and thereby improving the model performance for OOD objects. To evaluate the proposed RAML, we have conducted extensive experiments and ablation studies on Lost And Found and Road Anomaly datasets for anomaly segmentation and the CityScapes dataset for incremental few-shot learning. The results show that the proposed RAML achieves SOTA performance in both stages of open world segmentation. Our code and appendix are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/czifan/RAML" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Collaborative Attention Memory Network for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08075.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised video object segmentation is a fundamental yet Challenging task in computer vision. Embedding matching based CFBI series networks have achieved promising results by foreground-background integration approach. Despite its superior performance, these works exhibit distinct shortcomings, especially the false predictions caused by little appearance instances in first frame, even they could easily be recognized by previous frame. Moreover, they suffer from object's occlusion and error drifts. In order to overcome the shortcomings , we propose Collaborative Attention Memory Network with an enhanced segmentation head. We introduce a object context scheme that explicitly enhances the object information, which aims at only gathering the pixels that belong to the same category as a given pixel as its context. Additionally, a segmentation head with Feature Pyramid Attention(FPA) module is adopted to perform spatial pyramid attention structure on high-level output. Furthermore, we propose an ensemble network to combine STM network with all these new refined CFBI network. Finally, we evaluated our approach on the 2021 Youtube-VOS challenge where we obtain 6th place with an overall score of 83.5\%.      
### 26.Lost in Compression: the Impact of Lossy Image Compression on Variable Size Object Detection within Infrared Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08002.pdf)
>  Lossy image compression strategies allow for more efficient storage and transmission of data by encoding data to a reduced form. This is essential enable training with larger datasets on less storage-equipped environments. However, such compression can cause severe decline in performance of deep Convolution Neural Network (CNN) architectures even when mild compression is applied and the resulting compressed imagery is visually identical. In this work, we apply the lossy JPEG compression method with six discrete levels of increasing compression {95, 75, 50, 15, 10, 5} to infrared band (thermal) imagery. Our study quantitatively evaluates the affect that increasing levels of lossy compression has upon the performance of characteristically diverse object detection architectures (Cascade-RCNN, FSAF and Deformable DETR) with respect to varying sizes of objects present in the dataset. When training and evaluating on uncompressed data as a baseline, we achieve maximal mean Average Precision (mAP) of 0.823 with Cascade R-CNN across the FLIR dataset, outperforming prior work. The impact of the lossy compression is more extreme at higher compression levels (15, 10, 5) across all three CNN architectures. However, re-training models on lossy compressed imagery notably ameliorated performances for all three CNN models with an average increment of ~76% (at higher compression level 5). Additionally, we demonstrate the relative sensitivity of differing object areas {tiny, small, medium, large} with respect to the compression level. We show that tiny and small objects are more sensitive to compression than medium and large objects. Overall, Cascade R-CNN attains the maximal mAP across most of the object area categories.      
### 27.Test-Time Adaptation with Shape Moments for Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.07983.pdf)
>  Supervised learning is well-known to fail at generalization under distribution shifts. In typical clinical settings, the source data is inaccessible and the target distribution is represented with a handful of samples: adaptation can only happen at test time on a few or even a single subject(s). We investigate test-time single-subject adaptation for segmentation, and propose a Shape-guided Entropy Minimization objective for tackling this task. During inference for a single testing subject, our loss is minimized with respect to the batch normalization's scale and bias parameters. We show the potential of integrating various shape priors to guide adaptation to plausible solutions, and validate our method in two challenging scenarios: MRI-to-CT adaptation of cardiac segmentation and cross-site adaptation of prostate segmentation. Our approach exhibits substantially better performances than the existing test-time adaptation methods. Even more surprisingly, it fares better than state-of-the-art domain adaptation methods, although it forgoes training on additional target data during adaptation. Our results question the usefulness of training on target data in segmentation adaptation, and points to the substantial effect of shape priors on test-time inference. Our framework can be readily used for integrating various priors and for adapting any segmentation network, and our code is available.      
### 28.TOCH: Spatio-Temporal Object Correspondence to Hand for Motion Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.07982.pdf)
>  We present TOCH, a method for refining incorrect 3D hand-object interaction sequences using a data prior. Existing hand trackers, especially those that rely on very few cameras, often produce visually unrealistic results with hand-object intersection or missing contacts. Although correcting such errors requires reasoning about temporal aspects of interaction, most previous work focus on static grasps and contacts. The core of our method are TOCH fields, a novel spatio-temporal representation for modeling correspondences between hands and objects during interaction. The key component is a point-wise object-centric representation which encodes the hand position relative to the object. Leveraging this novel representation, we learn a latent manifold of plausible TOCH fields with a temporal denoising auto-encoder. Experiments demonstrate that TOCH outperforms state-of-the-art (SOTA) 3D hand-object interaction models, which are limited to static grasps and contacts. More importantly, our method produces smooth interactions even before and after contact. Using a single trained TOCH model, we quantitatively and qualitatively demonstrate its usefulness for 1) correcting erroneous reconstruction results from off-the-shelf RGB/RGB-D hand-object reconstruction methods, 2) de-noising, and 3) grasp transfer across objects. We will release our code and trained model on our project page at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://virtualhumans.mpi-inf.mpg.de/toch/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 29.Sparse Visual Counterfactual Explanations in Image Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.07972.pdf)
>  Visual counterfactual explanations (VCEs) in image space are an important tool to understand decisions of image classifiers as they show under which changes of the image the decision of the classifier would change. Their generation in image space is challenging and requires robust models due to the problem of adversarial examples. Existing techniques to generate VCEs in image space suffer from spurious changes in the background. Our novel perturbation model for VCEs together with its efficient optimization via our novel Auto-Frank-Wolfe scheme yields sparse VCEs which are significantly more object-centric. Moreover, we show that VCEs can be used to detect undesired behavior of ImageNet classifiers due to spurious features in the ImageNet dataset and discuss how estimates of the data-generating distribution can be used for VCEs.      
### 30.Do Neural Networks Compress Manifolds Optimally?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08518.pdf)
>  Artificial Neural-Network-based (ANN-based) lossy compressors have recently obtained striking results on several sources. Their success may be ascribed to an ability to identify the structure of low-dimensional manifolds in high-dimensional ambient spaces. Indeed, prior work has shown that ANN-based compressors can achieve the optimal entropy-distortion curve for some such sources. In contrast, we determine the optimal entropy-distortion tradeoffs for two low-dimensional manifolds with circular structure and show that state-of-the-art ANN-based compressors fail to optimally compress the sources, especially at high rates.      
### 31.Application of Graph Based Features in Computer Aided Diagnosis for Histopathological Image Classification of Gastric Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08467.pdf)
>  The gold standard for gastric cancer detection is gastric histopathological image analysis, but there are certain drawbacks in the existing histopathological detection and diagnosis. In this paper, based on the study of computer aided diagnosis system, graph based features are applied to gastric cancer histopathology microscopic image analysis, and a classifier is used to classify gastric cancer cells from benign cells. Firstly, image segmentation is performed, and after finding the region, cell nuclei are extracted using the k-means method, the minimum spanning tree (MST) is drawn, and graph based features of the MST are extracted. The graph based features are then put into the classifier for classification. In this study, different segmentation methods are compared in the tissue segmentation stage, among which are Level-Set, Otsu thresholding, watershed, SegNet, U-Net and Trans-U-Net segmentation; Graph based features, Red, Green, Blue features, Grey-Level Co-occurrence Matrix features, Histograms of Oriented Gradient features and Local Binary Patterns features are compared in the feature extraction stage; Radial Basis Function (RBF) Support Vector Machine (SVM), Linear SVM, Artificial Neural Network, Random Forests, k-NearestNeighbor, VGG16, and Inception-V3 are compared in the classifier stage. It is found that using U-Net to segment tissue areas, then extracting graph based features, and finally using RBF SVM classifier gives the optimal results with 94.29%.      
### 32.Conditional Visual Servoing for Multi-Step Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08441.pdf)
>  Visual Servoing has been effectively used to move a robot into specific target locations or to track a recorded demonstration. It does not require manual programming, but it is typically limited to settings where one demonstration maps to one environment state. We propose a modular approach to extend visual servoing to scenarios with multiple demonstration sequences. We call this conditional servoing, as we choose the next demonstration conditioned on the observation of the robot. This method presents an appealing strategy to tackle multi-step problems, as individual demonstrations can be combined flexibly into a control policy. We propose different selection functions and compare them on a shape-sorting task in simulation. With the reprojection error yielding the best overall results, we implement this selection function on a real robot and show the efficacy of the proposed conditional servoing. For videos of our experiments, please check out our project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://lmb.informatik.uni-freiburg.de/projects/conditional_servoing/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 33.HoVer-Trans: Anatomy-aware HoVer-Transformer for ROI-free Breast Cancer Diagnosis in Ultrasound Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08390.pdf)
>  Ultrasonography is an important routine examination for breast cancer diagnosis, due to its non-invasive, radiation-free and low-cost properties. However, it is still not the first-line screening test for breast cancer due to its inherent limitations. It would be a tremendous success if we can precisely diagnose breast cancer by breast ultrasound images (BUS). Many learning-based computer-aided diagnostic methods have been proposed to achieve breast cancer diagnosis/lesion classification. However, most of them require a pre-define ROI and then classify the lesion inside the ROI. Conventional classification backbones, such as VGG16 and ResNet50, can achieve promising classification results with no ROI requirement. But these models lack interpretability, thus restricting their use in clinical practice. In this study, we propose a novel ROI-free model for breast cancer diagnosis in ultrasound images with interpretable feature representations. We leverage the anatomical prior knowledge that malignant and benign tumors have different spatial relationships between different tissue layers, and propose a HoVer-Transformer to formulate this prior knowledge. The proposed HoVer-Trans block extracts the inter- and intra-layer spatial information horizontally and vertically. We conduct and release an open dataset GDPH&amp;GYFYY for breast cancer diagnosis in BUS. The proposed model is evaluated in three datasets by comparing with four CNN-based models and two vision transformer models via a five-fold cross validation. It achieves state-of-the-art classification performance with the best model interpretability.      
### 34.Bias and Fairness on Multimodal Emotion Detection Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08383.pdf)
>  Numerous studies have shown that machine learning algorithms can latch onto protected attributes such as race and gender and generate predictions that systematically discriminate against one or more groups. To date the majority of bias and fairness research has been on unimodal models. In this work, we explore the biases that exist in emotion recognition systems in relationship to the modalities utilized, and study how multimodal approaches affect system bias and fairness. We consider audio, text, and video modalities, as well as all possible multimodal combinations of those, and find that text alone has the least bias, and accounts for the majority of the models' performances, raising doubts about the worthiness of multimodal emotion recognition systems when bias and fairness are desired alongside model performance.      
### 35.Automatic Velocity Picking Using Unsupervised Ensemble Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08372.pdf)
>  In seismic data processing, accurate and efficient automatic velocity picking algorithms can significantly accelerate the processing, and the main branch is to use velocity spectra for velocity pickup. Recently, machine learning algorithms have been widely used in automatic spectrum picking. Even though deep learning methods can address the problem well in supervised cases, they are often accompanied by expensive computational costs and low interpretability. On the contrast, unsupervised learning methods based on the physical knowledge have great potential to efficiently resolve the task. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised ensemble learning (UEL) method to pick the root mean square (RMS) velocities on the spectrum. In particular, UEL utilizes the information of nearby velocity spectra and the nearest seed velocity curve to assist the selection of effective and reasonable velocity points. To increase the coherence of energy peaks, an information gain method is developed by local normalization. In addition, we designed the attention scale-space filter (ASSF) clustering method to incorporate the coherence information into the picking process. Experiments on three datasets demonstrate that compared to traditional clustering methods, UEL can recognize energy clusters better, especially with smaller blobs. Moreover, the injection of nearby spectra and interval velocity constraint in UEL significantly improves the robustness and accuracy of picking results.      
### 36.Deep Supervised Information Bottleneck Hashing for Cross-modal Retrieval based Computer-aided Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08365.pdf)
>  Mapping X-ray images, radiology reports, and other medical data as binary codes in the common space, which can assist clinicians to retrieve pathology-related data from heterogeneous modalities (i.e., hashing-based cross-modal medical data retrieval), provides a new view to promot computeraided diagnosis. Nevertheless, there remains a barrier to boost medical retrieval accuracy: how to reveal the ambiguous semantics of medical data without the distraction of superfluous information. To circumvent this drawback, we propose Deep Supervised Information Bottleneck Hashing (DSIBH), which effectively strengthens the discriminability of hash codes. Specifically, the Deep Deterministic Information Bottleneck (Yu, Yu, and Principe 2021) for single modality is extended to the cross-modal scenario. Benefiting from this, the superfluous information is reduced, which facilitates the discriminability of hash codes. Experimental results demonstrate the superior accuracy of the proposed DSIBH compared with state-of-the-arts in cross-modal medical data retrieval tasks.      
### 37.Self-Supervised Learning of Multi-Object Keypoints for Robotic Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08316.pdf)
>  In recent years, policy learning methods using either reinforcement or imitation have made significant progress. However, both techniques still suffer from being computationally expensive and requiring large amounts of training data. This problem is especially prevalent in real-world robotic manipulation tasks, where access to ground truth scene features is not available and policies are instead learned from raw camera observations. In this paper, we demonstrate the efficacy of learning image keypoints via the Dense Correspondence pretext task for downstream policy learning. Extending prior work to challenging multi-object scenes, we show that our model can be trained to deal with important problems in representation learning, primarily scale-invariance and occlusion. We evaluate our approach on diverse robot manipulation tasks, compare it to other visual representation learning approaches, and demonstrate its flexibility and effectiveness for sample-efficient policy learning.      
### 38.CAS-Net: Conditional Atlas Generation and Brain Segmentation for Fetal MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08239.pdf)
>  Fetal Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is used in prenatal diagnosis and to assess early brain development. Accurate segmentation of the different brain tissues is a vital step in several brain analysis tasks, such as cortical surface reconstruction and tissue thickness measurements. Fetal MRI scans, however, are prone to motion artifacts that can affect the correctness of both manual and automatic segmentation techniques. In this paper, we propose a novel network structure that can simultaneously generate conditional atlases and predict brain tissue segmentation, called CAS-Net. The conditional atlases provide anatomical priors that can constrain the segmentation connectivity, despite the heterogeneity of intensity values caused by motion or partial volume effects. The proposed method is trained and evaluated on 253 subjects from the developing Human Connectome Project (dHCP). The results demonstrate that the proposed method can generate conditional age-specific atlas with sharp boundary and shape variance. It also segment multi-category brain tissues for fetal MRI with a high overall Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) of $85.2\%$ for the selected 9 tissue labels.      
### 39.Brachial Plexus Nerve Trunk Segmentation Using Deep Learning: A Comparative Study with Doctors' Manual Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08143.pdf)
>  Ultrasound-guided nerve block anesthesia (UGNB) is a high-tech visual nerve block anesthesia method that can observe the target nerve and its surrounding structures, the puncture needle's advancement, and local anesthetics spread in real-time. The key in UGNB is nerve identification. With the help of deep learning methods, the automatic identification or segmentation of nerves can be realized, assisting doctors in completing nerve block anesthesia accurately and efficiently. Here, we establish a public dataset containing 320 ultrasound images of brachial plexus (BP). Three experienced doctors jointly produce the BP segmentation ground truth and label brachial plexus trunks. We design a brachial plexus segmentation system (BPSegSys) based on deep learning. BPSegSys achieves experienced-doctor-level nerve identification performance in various experiments. We evaluate BPSegSys' performance in terms of intersection-over-union (IoU), a commonly used performance measure for segmentation experiments. Considering three dataset groups in our established public dataset, the IoU of BPSegSys are 0.5238, 0.4715, and 0.5029, respectively, which exceed the IoU 0.5205, 0.4704, and 0.4979 of experienced doctors. In addition, we show that BPSegSys can help doctors identify brachial plexus trunks more accurately, with IoU improvement up to 27%, which has significant clinical application value.      
### 40.Planning to Practice: Efficient Online Fine-Tuning by Composing Goals in Latent Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08129.pdf)
>  General-purpose robots require diverse repertoires of behaviors to complete challenging tasks in real-world unstructured environments. To address this issue, goal-conditioned reinforcement learning aims to acquire policies that can reach configurable goals for a wide range of tasks on command. However, such goal-conditioned policies are notoriously difficult and time-consuming to train from scratch. In this paper, we propose Planning to Practice (PTP), a method that makes it practical to train goal-conditioned policies for long-horizon tasks that require multiple distinct types of interactions to solve. Our approach is based on two key ideas. First, we decompose the goal-reaching problem hierarchically, with a high-level planner that sets intermediate subgoals using conditional subgoal generators in the latent space for a low-level model-free policy. Second, we propose a hybrid approach which first pre-trains both the conditional subgoal generator and the policy on previously collected data through offline reinforcement learning, and then fine-tunes the policy via online exploration. This fine-tuning process is itself facilitated by the planned subgoals, which breaks down the original target task into short-horizon goal-reaching tasks that are significantly easier to learn. We conduct experiments in both the simulation and real world, in which the policy is pre-trained on demonstrations of short primitive behaviors and fine-tuned for temporally extended tasks that are unseen in the offline data. Our experimental results show that PTP can generate feasible sequences of subgoals that enable the policy to efficiently solve the target tasks.      
### 41.Using artificial intelligence to detect chest X-rays with no significant findings in a primary health care setting in Oulu, Finland  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08123.pdf)
>  Objectives: To assess the use of artificial intelligence-based software in ruling out chest X-ray cases, with no significant findings in a primary health care setting. <br>Methods: In this retrospective study, a commercially available artificial intelligence (AI) software was used to analyse 10 000 chest X-rays of Finnish primary health care patients. In studies with a mismatch between an AI normal report and the original radiologist report, a consensus read by two board-certified radiologists was conducted to make the final diagnosis. <br>Results: After the exclusion of cases not meeting the study criteria, 9579 cases were analysed by AI. Of these cases, 4451 were considered normal in the original radiologist report and 4644 after the consensus reading. The number of cases correctly found nonsignificant by AI was 1692 (17.7% of all studies and 36.4% of studies with no significant findings). After the consensus read, there were nine confirmed false-negative studies. These studies included four cases of slightly enlarged heart size, four cases of slightly increased pulmonary opacification and one case with a small unilateral pleural effusion. This gives the AI a sensitivity of 99.8% (95% CI= 99.65-99.92) and specificity of 36.4 % (95% CI= 35.05-37.84) for recognising significant pathology on a chest X-ray. <br>Conclusions: AI was able to correctly rule out 36.4% of chest X-rays with no significant findings of primary health care patients, with a minimal number of false negatives that would lead to effectively no compromise on patient safety. No critical findings were missed by the software.      
### 42.Computerized Tomography Pulmonary Angiography Image Simulation using Cycle Generative Adversarial Network from Chest CT imaging in Pulmonary Embolism Patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08106.pdf)
>  The purpose of this research is to develop a system that generates simulated computed tomography pulmonary angiography (CTPA) images clinically for pulmonary embolism diagnoses. Nowadays, CTPA images are the gold standard computerized detection method to determine and identify the symptoms of pulmonary embolism (PE), although performing CTPA is harmful for patients and also expensive. Therefore, we aim to detect possible PE patients through CT images. The system will simulate CTPA images with deep learning models for the identification of PE patients' symptoms, providing physicians with another reference for determining PE patients. In this study, the simulated CTPA image generation system uses a generative antagonistic network to enhance the features of pulmonary vessels in the CT images to strengthen the reference value of the images and provide a basis for hospitals to judge PE patients. We used the CT images of 22 patients from National Cheng Kung University Hospital and the corresponding CTPA images as the training data for the task of simulating CTPA images and generated them using two sets of generative countermeasure networks. This study is expected to propose a new approach to the clinical diagnosis of pulmonary embolism, in which a deep learning network is used to assist in the complex screening process and to review the generated simulated CTPA images, allowing physicians to assess whether a patient needs to undergo detailed testing for CTPA, improving the speed of detection of pulmonary embolism and significantly reducing the number of undetected patients.      
### 43.Dimensionality Reduced Training by Pruning and Freezing Parts of a Deep Neural Network, a Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08099.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art deep learning models have a parameter count that reaches into the billions. Training, storing and transferring such models is energy and time consuming, thus costly. A big part of these costs is caused by training the network. Model compression lowers storage and transfer costs, and can further make training more efficient by decreasing the number of computations in the forward and/or backward pass. Thus, compressing networks also at training time while maintaining a high performance is an important research topic. This work is a survey on methods which reduce the number of trained weights in deep learning models throughout the training. Most of the introduced methods set network parameters to zero which is called pruning. The presented pruning approaches are categorized into pruning at initialization, lottery tickets and dynamic sparse training. Moreover, we discuss methods that freeze parts of a network at its random initialization. By freezing weights, the number of trainable parameters is shrunken which reduces gradient computations and the dimensionality of the model's optimization space. In this survey we first propose dimensionality reduced training as an underlying mathematical model that covers pruning and freezing during training. Afterwards, we present and discuss different dimensionality reduced training methods.      
### 44.Unraveling Attention via Convex Duality: Analysis and Interpretations of Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08078.pdf)
>  Vision transformers using self-attention or its proposed alternatives have demonstrated promising results in many image related tasks. However, the underpinning inductive bias of attention is not well understood. To address this issue, this paper analyzes attention through the lens of convex duality. For the non-linear dot-product self-attention, and alternative mechanisms such as MLP-mixer and Fourier Neural Operator (FNO), we derive equivalent finite-dimensional convex problems that are interpretable and solvable to global optimality. The convex programs lead to {\it block nuclear-norm regularization} that promotes low rank in the latent feature and token dimensions. In particular, we show how self-attention networks implicitly clusters the tokens, based on their latent similarity. We conduct experiments for transferring a pre-trained transformer backbone for CIFAR-100 classification by fine-tuning a variety of convex attention heads. The results indicate the merits of the bias induced by attention compared with the existing MLP or linear heads.      
### 45.Detection and Physical Interaction with Deformable Linear Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08041.pdf)
>  Deformable linear objects (e.g., cables, ropes, and threads) commonly appear in our everyday lives. However, perception of these objects and the study of physical interaction with them is still a growing area. There have already been successful methods to model and track deformable linear objects. However, the number of methods that can automatically extract the initial conditions in non-trivial situations for these methods has been limited, and they have been introduced to the community only recently. On the other hand, while physical interaction with these objects has been done with ground manipulators, there have not been any studies on physical interaction and manipulation of the deformable linear object with aerial robots. <br>This workshop describes our recent work on detecting deformable linear objects, which uses the segmentation output of the existing methods to provide the initialization required by the tracking methods automatically. It works with crossings and can fill the gaps and occlusions in the segmentation and output the model desirable for physical interaction and simulation. Then we present our work on using the method for tasks such as routing and manipulation with the ground and aerial robots. We discuss our feasibility analysis on extending the physical interaction with these objects to aerial manipulation applications.      
### 46.Continual learning on 3D point clouds with random compressed rehearsal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.08013.pdf)
>  Contemporary deep neural networks offer state-of-the-art results when applied to visual reasoning, e.g., in the context of 3D point cloud data. Point clouds are important datatype for precise modeling of three-dimensional environments, but effective processing of this type of data proves to be challenging. In the world of large, heavily-parameterized network architectures and continuously-streamed data, there is an increasing need for machine learning models that can be trained on additional data. Unfortunately, currently available models cannot fully leverage training on additional data without losing their past knowledge. Combating this phenomenon, called catastrophic forgetting, is one of the main objectives of continual learning. Continual learning for deep neural networks has been an active field of research, primarily in 2D computer vision, natural language processing, reinforcement learning, and robotics. However, in 3D computer vision, there are hardly any continual learning solutions specifically designed to take advantage of point cloud structure. This work proposes a novel neural network architecture capable of continual learning on 3D point cloud data. We utilize point cloud structure properties for preserving a heavily compressed set of past data. By using rehearsal and reconstruction as regularization methods of the learning process, our approach achieves a significant decrease of catastrophic forgetting compared to the existing solutions on several most popular point cloud datasets considering two continual learning settings: when a task is known beforehand, and in the challenging scenario of when task information is unknown to the model.      
### 47.Deep Apprenticeship Learning for Playing Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.07959.pdf)
>  In the last decade, deep learning has achieved great success in machine learning tasks where the input data is represented with different levels of abstractions. Driven by the recent research in reinforcement learning using deep neural networks, we explore the feasibility of designing a learning model based on expert behaviour for complex, multidimensional tasks where reward function is not available. We propose a novel method for apprenticeship learning based on the previous research on supervised learning techniques in reinforcement learning. Our method is applied to video frames from Atari games in order to teach an artificial agent to play those games. Even though the reported results are not comparable with the state-of-the-art results in reinforcement learning, we demonstrate that such an approach has the potential to achieve strong performance in the future and is worthwhile for further research.      
### 48.Data-Driven Interpolation for Super-Scarce X-Ray Computed Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.07888.pdf)
>  We address the problem of reconstructing X-Ray tomographic images from scarce measurements by interpolating missing acquisitions using a self-supervised approach. To do so, we train shallow neural networks to combine two neighbouring acquisitions into an estimated measurement at an intermediate angle. This procedure yields an enhanced sequence of measurements that can be reconstructed using standard methods, or further enhanced using regularisation approaches. <br>Unlike methods that improve the sequence of acquisitions using an initial deterministic interpolation followed by machine-learning enhancement, we focus on inferring one measurement at once. This allows the method to scale to 3D, the computation to be faster and crucially, the interpolation to be significantly better than the current methods, when they exist. We also establish that a sequence of measurements must be processed as such, rather than as an image or a volume. We do so by comparing interpolation and up-sampling methods, and find that the latter significantly under-perform. <br>We compare the performance of the proposed method against deterministic interpolation and up-sampling procedures and find that it outperforms them, even when used jointly with a state-of-the-art projection-data enhancement approach using machine-learning. These results are obtained for 2D and 3D imaging, on large biomedical datasets, in both projection space and image space.      
### 49.Revisiting the Updates of a Pre-trained Model for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.07874.pdf)
>  Most of the recent few-shot learning algorithms are based on transfer learning, where a model is pre-trained using a large amount of source data, and the pre-trained model is updated using a small amount of target data afterward. In transfer-based few-shot learning, sophisticated pre-training methods have been widely studied for universal and improved representation. However, there is little study on updating pre-trained models for few-shot learning. In this paper, we compare the two popular updating methods, fine-tuning (i.e., updating the entire network) and linear probing (i.e., updating only the linear classifier), considering the distribution shift between the source and target data. We find that fine-tuning is better than linear probing as the number of samples increases, regardless of distribution shift. Next, we investigate the effectiveness and ineffectiveness of data augmentation when pre-trained models are fine-tuned. Our fundamental analyses demonstrate that careful considerations of the details about updating pre-trained models are required for better few-shot performance.      
### 50.Primal-Dual UNet for Sparse View Cone Beam Computed Tomography Volume Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.07866.pdf)
>  In this paper, the Primal-Dual UNet for sparse view CT reconstruction is modified to be applicable to cone beam projections and perform reconstructions of entire volumes instead of slices. Experiments show that the PSNR of the proposed method is increased by 10dB compared to the direct FDK reconstruction and almost 3dB compared to the modified original Primal-Dual Network when using only 23 projections. The presented network is not optimized wrt. memory consumption or hyperparameters but merely serves as a proof of concept and is limited to low resolution projections and volumes.      
### 51.Privacy Enhancement for Cloud-Based Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.07864.pdf)
>  Requiring less data for accurate models, few-shot learning has shown robustness and generality in many application domains. However, deploying few-shot models in untrusted environments may inflict privacy concerns, e.g., attacks or adversaries that may breach the privacy of user-supplied data. This paper studies the privacy enhancement for the few-shot learning in an untrusted environment, e.g., the cloud, by establishing a novel privacy-preserved embedding space that preserves the privacy of data and maintains the accuracy of the model. We examine the impact of various image privacy methods such as blurring, pixelization, Gaussian noise, and differentially private pixelization (DP-Pix) on few-shot image classification and propose a method that learns privacy-preserved representation through the joint loss. The empirical results show how privacy-performance trade-off can be negotiated for privacy-enhanced few-shot learning.      
### 52.Functional2Structural: Cross-Modality Brain Networks Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.07854.pdf)
>  MRI-based modeling of brain networks has been widely used to understand functional and structural interactions and connections among brain regions, and factors that affect them, such as brain development and disease. Graph mining on brain networks may facilitate the discovery of novel biomarkers for clinical phenotypes and neurodegenerative diseases. Since brain networks derived from functional and structural MRI describe the brain topology from different perspectives, exploring a representation that combines these cross-modality brain networks is non-trivial. Most current studies aim to extract a fused representation of the two types of brain network by projecting the structural network to the functional counterpart. Since the functional network is dynamic and the structural network is static, mapping a static object to a dynamic object is suboptimal. However, mapping in the opposite direction is not feasible due to the non-negativity requirement of current graph learning techniques. Here, we propose a novel graph learning framework, known as Deep Signed Brain Networks (DSBN), with a signed graph encoder that, from an opposite perspective, learns the cross-modality representations by projecting the functional network to the structural counterpart. We validate our framework on clinical phenotype and neurodegenerative disease prediction tasks using two independent, publicly available datasets (HCP and OASIS). The experimental results clearly demonstrate the advantages of our model compared to several state-of-the-art methods.      
