# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 30 May 2022
### 1.Contrastive Learning Rivals Masked Image Modeling in Fine-tuning via Feature Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14141.pdf)
>  Masked image modeling (MIM) learns representations with remarkably good fine-tuning performances, overshadowing previous prevalent pre-training approaches such as image classification, instance contrastive learning, and image-text alignment. In this paper, we show that the inferior fine-tuning performance of these pre-training approaches can be significantly improved by a simple post-processing in the form of feature distillation (FD). The feature distillation converts the old representations to new representations that have a few desirable properties just like those representations produced by MIM. These properties, which we aggregately refer to as optimization friendliness, are identified and analyzed by a set of attention- and optimization-related diagnosis tools. With these properties, the new representations show strong fine-tuning performance. Specifically, the contrastive self-supervised learning methods are made as competitive in fine-tuning as the state-of-the-art masked image modeling (MIM) algorithms. The CLIP models' fine-tuning performance is also significantly improved, with a CLIP ViT-L model reaching 89.0% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K classification. More importantly, our work provides a way for the future research to focus more effort on the generality and scalability of the learnt representations without being pre-occupied with optimization friendliness since it can be enhanced rather easily. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SwinTransformer/Feature-Distillation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Efficient textual explanations for complex road and traffic scenarios based on semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14118.pdf)
>  The complex driving environment brings great challenges to the visual perception of autonomous vehicles. The accuracy of visual perception drops off sharply under diverse weather conditions and uncertain traffic flow. Black box model makes it difficult to interpret the mechanisms of visual perception. To enhance the user acceptance and reliability of the visual perception system, a textual explanation of the scene evolvement is essential. It analyzes the geometry and topology structure in the complex environment and offers clues to decision and control. However, the existing scene explanation has been implemented as a separate model. It cannot detect comprehensive textual information and requires a high computational load and time consumption. Thus, this study proposed a comprehensive and efficient textual explanation model for complex road and traffic scenarios. From 336k video frames of the driving environment, critical images of complex road and traffic scenarios were selected into a dataset. Through transfer learning, this study established an accurate and efficient segmentation model to gain semantic information. Based on the XGBoost algorithm, a comprehensive model was developed. The model obtained textual information including road types, the motion of conflict objects, and scenario complexity. The approach was verified on the real-world road. It improved the perception accuracy of critical traffic elements to 78.8%. The time consumption reached 13 minutes for each epoch, which was 11.5 times more efficient compared with the pre-trained network. The textual information analyzed from the model was also accordant with reality. The findings explain how autonomous vehicle detects the driving environment, which lays a foundation for subsequent decision and control. It can improve the perception ability by enriching the prior knowledge and judgments for complex traffic situations.      
### 3.Improving Road Segmentation in Challenging Domains Using Similar Place Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14112.pdf)
>  Road segmentation in challenging domains, such as night, snow or rain, is a difficult task. Most current approaches boost performance using fine-tuning, domain adaptation, style transfer, or by referencing previously acquired imagery. These approaches share one or more of three significant limitations: a reliance on large amounts of annotated training data that can be costly to obtain, both anticipation of and training data from the type of environmental conditions expected at inference time, and/or imagery captured from a previous visit to the location. In this research, we remove these restrictions by improving road segmentation based on similar places. We use Visual Place Recognition (VPR) to find similar but geographically distinct places, and fuse segmentations for query images and these similar place priors using a Bayesian approach and novel segmentation quality metric. Ablation studies show the need to re-evaluate notions of VPR utility for this task. We demonstrate the system achieving state-of-the-art road segmentation performance across multiple challenging condition scenarios including night time and snow, without requiring any prior training or previous access to the same geographical locations. Furthermore, we show that this method is network agnostic, improves multiple baseline techniques and is competitive against methods specialised for road prediction.      
### 4.GIT: A Generative Image-to-text Transformer for Vision and Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14100.pdf)
>  In this paper, we design and train a Generative Image-to-text Transformer, GIT, to unify vision-language tasks such as image/video captioning and question answering. While generative models provide a consistent network architecture between pre-training and fine-tuning, existing work typically contains complex structures (uni/multi-modal encoder/decoder) and depends on external modules such as object detectors/taggers and optical character recognition (OCR). In GIT, we simplify the architecture as one image encoder and one text decoder under a single language modeling task. We also scale up the pre-training data and the model size to boost the model performance. Without bells and whistles, our GIT establishes new state of the arts on 12 challenging benchmarks with a large margin. For instance, our model surpasses the human performance for the first time on TextCaps (138.2 vs. 125.5 in CIDEr). Furthermore, we present a new scheme of generation-based image classification and scene text recognition, achieving decent performance on standard benchmarks.      
### 5.Simple Unsupervised Object-Centric Learning for Complex and Naturalistic Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14065.pdf)
>  Unsupervised object-centric learning aims to represent the modular, compositional, and causal structure of a scene as a set of object representations and thereby promises to resolve many critical limitations of traditional single-vector representations such as poor systematic generalization. Although there have been many remarkable advances in recent years, one of the most critical problems in this direction has been that previous methods work only with simple and synthetic scenes but not with complex and naturalistic images or videos. In this paper, we propose STEVE, an unsupervised model for object-centric learning in videos. Our proposed model makes a significant advancement by demonstrating its effectiveness on various complex and naturalistic videos unprecedented in this line of research. Interestingly, this is achieved by neither adding complexity to the model architecture nor introducing a new objective or weak supervision. Rather, it is achieved by a surprisingly simple architecture that uses a transformer-based image decoder conditioned on slots and the learning objective is simply to reconstruct the observation. Our experiment results on various complex and naturalistic videos show significant improvements compared to the previous state-of-the-art.      
### 6.Image Harmonization with Region-wise Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14058.pdf)
>  Image harmonization task aims at harmonizing different composite foreground regions according to specific background image. Previous methods would rather focus on improving the reconstruction ability of the generator by some internal enhancements such as attention, adaptive normalization and light adjustment, $etc.$. However, they pay less attention to discriminating the foreground and background appearance features within a restricted generator, which becomes a new challenge in image harmonization task. In this paper, we propose a novel image harmonization framework with external style fusion and region-wise contrastive learning scheme. For the external style fusion, we leverage the external background appearance from the encoder as the style reference to generate harmonized foreground in the decoder. This approach enhances the harmonization ability of the decoder by external background guidance. Moreover, for the contrastive learning scheme, we design a region-wise contrastive loss function for image harmonization task. Specifically, we first introduce a straight-forward samples generation method that selects negative samples from the output harmonized foreground region and selects positive samples from the ground-truth background region. Our method attempts to bring together corresponding positive and negative samples by maximizing the mutual information between the foreground and background styles, which desirably makes our harmonization network more robust to discriminate the foreground and background style features when harmonizing composite images. Extensive experiments on the benchmark datasets show that our method can achieve a clear improvement in harmonization quality and demonstrate the good generalization capability in real-scenario applications.      
### 7.Fine-tuning deep learning models for stereo matching using results from semi-global matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14051.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) methods are widely investigated for stereo image matching tasks due to their reported high accuracies. However, their transferability/generalization capabilities are limited by the instances seen in the training data. With satellite images covering large-scale areas with variances in locations, content, land covers, and spatial patterns, we expect their performances to be impacted. Increasing the number and diversity of training data is always an option, but with the ground-truth disparity being limited in remote sensing due to its high cost, it is almost impossible to obtain the ground-truth for all locations. Knowing that classical stereo matching methods such as Census-based semi-global-matching (SGM) are widely adopted to process different types of stereo data, we therefore, propose a finetuning method that takes advantage of disparity maps derived from SGM on target stereo data. Our proposed method adopts a simple scheme that uses the energy map derived from the SGM algorithm to select high confidence disparity measurements, at the same utilizing the images to limit these selected disparity measurements on texture-rich regions. Our approach aims to investigate the possibility of improving the transferability of current DL methods to unseen target data without having their ground truth as a requirement. To perform a comprehensive study, we select 20 study-sites around the world to cover a variety of complexities and densities. We choose well-established DL methods like geometric and context network (GCNet), pyramid stereo matching network (PSMNet), and LEAStereo for evaluation. Our results indicate an improvement in the transferability of the DL methods across different regions visually and numerically.      
### 8.Reinforced Pedestrian Attribute Recognition with Group Optimization Reward  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14042.pdf)
>  Pedestrian Attribute Recognition (PAR) is a challenging task in intelligent video surveillance. Two key challenges in PAR include complex alignment relations between images and attributes, and imbalanced data distribution. Existing approaches usually formulate PAR as a recognition task. Different from them, this paper addresses it as a decision-making task via a reinforcement learning framework. Specifically, PAR is formulated as a Markov decision process (MDP) by designing ingenious states, action space, reward function and state transition. To alleviate the inter-attribute imbalance problem, we apply an Attribute Grouping Strategy (AGS) by dividing all attributes into subgroups according to their region and category information. Then we employ an agent to recognize each group of attributes, which is trained with Deep Q-learning algorithm. We also propose a Group Optimization Reward (GOR) function to alleviate the intra-attribute imbalance problem. Experimental results on the three benchmark datasets of PETA, RAP and PA100K illustrate the effectiveness and competitiveness of the proposed approach and demonstrate that the application of reinforcement learning to PAR is a valuable research direction.      
### 9.Future Transformer for Long-term Action Anticipation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14022.pdf)
>  The task of predicting future actions from a video is crucial for a real-world agent interacting with others. When anticipating actions in the distant future, we humans typically consider long-term relations over the whole sequence of actions, i.e., not only observed actions in the past but also potential actions in the future. In a similar spirit, we propose an end-to-end attention model for action anticipation, dubbed Future Transformer (FUTR), that leverages global attention over all input frames and output tokens to predict a minutes-long sequence of future actions. Unlike the previous autoregressive models, the proposed method learns to predict the whole sequence of future actions in parallel decoding, enabling more accurate and fast inference for long-term anticipation. We evaluate our method on two standard benchmarks for long-term action anticipation, Breakfast and 50 Salads, achieving state-of-the-art results.      
### 10.Video2StyleGAN: Disentangling Local and Global Variations in a Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13996.pdf)
>  Image editing using a pretrained StyleGAN generator has emerged as a powerful paradigm for facial editing, providing disentangled controls over age, expression, illumination, etc. However, the approach cannot be directly adopted for video manipulations. We hypothesize that the main missing ingredient is the lack of fine-grained and disentangled control over face location, face pose, and local facial expressions. In this work, we demonstrate that such a fine-grained control is indeed achievable using pretrained StyleGAN by working across multiple (latent) spaces (namely, the positional space, the W+ space, and the S space) and combining the optimization results across the multiple spaces. Building on this enabling component, we introduce Video2StyleGAN that takes a target image and driving video(s) to reenact the local and global locations and expressions from the driving video in the identity of the target image. We evaluate the effectiveness of our method over multiple challenging scenarios and demonstrate clear improvements over alternative approaches.      
### 11.Cycle Label-Consistent Networks for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13957.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation aims to leverage a labeled source domain to learn a classifier for the unlabeled target domain with a different distribution. Previous methods mostly match the distribution between two domains by global or class alignment. However, global alignment methods cannot achieve a fine-grained class-to-class overlap; class alignment methods supervised by pseudo-labels cannot guarantee their reliability. In this paper, we propose a simple yet efficient domain adaptation method, i.e. Cycle Label-Consistent Network (CLCN), by exploiting the cycle consistency of classification label, which applies dual cross-domain nearest centroid classification procedures to generate a reliable self-supervised signal for the discrimination in the target domain. The cycle label-consistent loss reinforces the consistency between ground-truth labels and pseudo-labels of source samples leading to statistically similar latent representations between source and target domains. This new loss can easily be added to any existing classification network with almost no computational overhead. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on MNIST-USPS-SVHN, Office-31, Office-Home and Image CLEF-DA benchmarks. Results validate that the proposed method can alleviate the negative influence of falsely-labeled samples and learn more discriminative features, leading to the absolute improvement over source-only model by 9.4% on Office-31 and 6.3% on Image CLEF-DA.      
### 12.Architecture-Agnostic Masked Image Modeling -- From ViT back to CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13943.pdf)
>  Masked image modeling (MIM), an emerging self-supervised pre-training method, has shown impressive success across numerous downstream vision tasks with Vision transformers (ViT). Its underlying idea is simple: a portion of the input image is randomly masked out and then reconstructed via the pre-text task. However, why MIM works well is not well explained, and previous studies insist that MIM primarily works for the Transformer family but is incompatible with CNNs. In this paper, we first study interactions among patches to understand what knowledge is learned and how it is acquired via the MIM task. We observe that MIM essentially teaches the model to learn better middle-level interactions among patches and extract more generalized features. Based on this fact, we propose an Architecture-Agnostic Masked Image Modeling framework (A$^2$MIM), which is compatible with not only Transformers but also CNNs in a unified way. Extensive experiments on popular benchmarks show that our A$^2$MIM learns better representations and endows the backbone model with the stronger capability to transfer to various downstream tasks for both Transformers and CNNs.      
### 13.Deep face recognition with clustering based domain adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13937.pdf)
>  Despite great progress in face recognition tasks achieved by deep convolution neural networks (CNNs), these models often face challenges in real world tasks where training images gathered from Internet are different from test images because of different lighting condition, pose and image quality. These factors increase domain discrepancy between training (source domain) and testing (target domain) database and make the learnt models degenerate in application. Meanwhile, due to lack of labeled target data, directly fine-tuning the pre-learnt models becomes intractable and impractical. In this paper, we propose a new clustering-based domain adaptation method designed for face recognition task in which the source and target domain do not share any classes. Our method effectively learns the discriminative target feature by aligning the feature domain globally, and, at the meantime, distinguishing the target clusters locally. Specifically, it first learns a more reliable representation for clustering by minimizing global domain discrepancy to reduce domain gaps, and then applies simplified spectral clustering method to generate pseudo-labels in the domain-invariant feature space, and finally learns discriminative target representation. Comprehensive experiments on widely-used GBU, IJB-A/B/C and RFW databases clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of our newly proposed approach. State-of-the-art performance of GBU data set is achieved by only unsupervised adaptation from the target training data.      
### 14.CREAM: Weakly Supervised Object Localization via Class RE-Activation Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13922.pdf)
>  Weakly Supervised Object Localization (WSOL) aims to localize objects with image-level supervision. Existing works mainly rely on Class Activation Mapping (CAM) derived from a classification model. However, CAM-based methods usually focus on the most discriminative parts of an object (i.e., incomplete localization problem). In this paper, we empirically prove that this problem is associated with the mixup of the activation values between less discriminative foreground regions and the background. To address it, we propose Class RE-Activation Mapping (CREAM), a novel clustering-based approach to boost the activation values of the integral object regions. To this end, we introduce class-specific foreground and background context embeddings as cluster centroids. A CAM-guided momentum preservation strategy is developed to learn the context embeddings during training. At the inference stage, the re-activation mapping is formulated as a parameter estimation problem under Gaussian Mixture Model, which can be solved by deriving an unsupervised Expectation-Maximization based soft-clustering algorithm. By simply integrating CREAM into various WSOL approaches, our method significantly improves their performance. CREAM achieves the state-of-the-art performance on CUB, ILSVRC and OpenImages benchmark datasets. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jazzcharles/CREAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.3DILG: Irregular Latent Grids for 3D Generative Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13914.pdf)
>  We propose a new representation for encoding 3D shapes as neural fields. The representation is designed to be compatible with the transformer architecture and to benefit both shape reconstruction and shape generation. Existing works on neural fields are grid-based representations with latents defined on a regular grid. In contrast, we define latents on irregular grids, enabling our representation to be sparse and adaptive. In the context of shape reconstruction from point clouds, our shape representation built on irregular grids improves upon grid-based methods in terms of reconstruction accuracy. For shape generation, our representation promotes high-quality shape generation using auto-regressive probabilistic models. We show different applications that improve over the current state of the art. First, we show results for probabilistic shape reconstruction from a single higher resolution image. Second, we train a probabilistic model conditioned on very low resolution images. Third, we apply our model to category-conditioned generation. All probabilistic experiments confirm that we are able to generate detailed and high quality shapes to yield the new state of the art in generative 3D shape modeling.      
### 16.TraClets: Harnessing the power of computer vision for trajectory classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13880.pdf)
>  Due to the advent of new mobile devices and tracking sensors in recent years, huge amounts of data are being produced every day. Therefore, novel methodologies need to emerge that dive through this vast sea of information and generate insights and meaningful information. To this end, researchers have developed several trajectory classification algorithms over the years that are able to annotate tracking data. Similarly, in this research, a novel methodology is presented that exploits image representations of trajectories, called TraClets, in order to classify trajectories in an intuitive humans way, through computer vision techniques. Several real-world datasets are used to evaluate the proposed approach and compare its classification performance to other state-of-the-art trajectory classification algorithms. Experimental results demonstrate that TraClets achieves a classification performance that is comparable to, or in most cases, better than the state-of-the-art, acting as a universal, high-accuracy approach for trajectory classification.      
### 17.TrackNet: A Triplet metric-based method for Multi-Target Multi-Camera Vehicle Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13857.pdf)
>  We present TrackNet, a method for Multi-Target Multi-Camera (MTMC) vehicle tracking from traffic video sequences. Cross-camera vehicle tracking has proved to be a challenging task due to perspective, scale and speed variance, as well occlusions and noise conditions. Our method is based on a modular approach that first detects vehicles frame-by-frame using Faster R-CNN, then tracks detections through single camera using Kalman filter, and finally matches tracks by a triplet metric learning strategy. We conduct experiments on TrackNet within the AI City Challenge framework, and present competitive IDF1 results of 0.4733.      
### 18.X-ViT: High Performance Linear Vision Transformer without Softmax  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13805.pdf)
>  Vision transformers have become one of the most important models for computer vision tasks. Although they outperform prior works, they require heavy computational resources on a scale that is quadratic to the number of tokens, $N$. This is a major drawback of the traditional self-attention (SA) algorithm. Here, we propose the X-ViT, ViT with a novel SA mechanism that has linear complexity. The main approach of this work is to eliminate nonlinearity from the original SA. We factorize the matrix multiplication of the SA mechanism without complicated linear approximation. By modifying only a few lines of code from the original SA, the proposed models outperform most transformer-based models on image classification and dense prediction tasks on most capacity regimes.      
### 19.Bongard-HOI: Benchmarking Few-Shot Visual Reasoning for Human-Object Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13803.pdf)
>  A significant gap remains between today's visual pattern recognition models and human-level visual cognition especially when it comes to few-shot learning and compositional reasoning of novel concepts. We introduce Bongard-HOI, a new visual reasoning benchmark that focuses on compositional learning of human-object interactions (HOIs) from natural images. It is inspired by two desirable characteristics from the classical Bongard problems (BPs): 1) few-shot concept learning, and 2) context-dependent reasoning. We carefully curate the few-shot instances with hard negatives, where positive and negative images only disagree on action labels, making mere recognition of object categories insufficient to complete our benchmarks. We also design multiple test sets to systematically study the generalization of visual learning models, where we vary the overlap of the HOI concepts between the training and test sets of few-shot instances, from partial to no overlaps. Bongard-HOI presents a substantial challenge to today's visual recognition models. The state-of-the-art HOI detection model achieves only 62% accuracy on few-shot binary prediction while even amateur human testers on MTurk have 91% accuracy. With the Bongard-HOI benchmark, we hope to further advance research efforts in visual reasoning, especially in holistic perception-reasoning systems and better representation learning.      
### 20.Face Morphing: Fooling a Face Recognition System Is Simple!  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13796.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art face recognition (FR) approaches have shown remarkable results in predicting whether two faces belong to the same identity, yielding accuracies between 92% and 100% depending on the difficulty of the protocol. However, the accuracy drops substantially when exposed to morphed faces, specifically generated to look similar to two identities. To generate morphed faces, we integrate a simple pretrained FR model into a generative adversarial network (GAN) and modify several loss functions for face morphing. In contrast to previous works, our approach and analyses are not limited to pairs of frontal faces with the same ethnicity and gender. Our qualitative and quantitative results affirm that our approach achieves a seamless change between two faces even in unconstrained scenarios. Despite using features from a simpler FR model for face morphing, we demonstrate that even recent FR systems struggle to distinguish the morphed face from both identities obtaining an accuracy of only 55-70%. Besides, we provide further insights into how knowing the FR system makes it particularly vulnerable to face morphing attacks.      
### 21.BEVFusion: A Simple and Robust LiDAR-Camera Fusion Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13790.pdf)
>  Fusing the camera and LiDAR information has become a de-facto standard for 3D object detection tasks. Current methods rely on point clouds from the LiDAR sensor as queries to leverage the feature from the image space. However, people discover that this underlying assumption makes the current fusion framework infeasible to produce any prediction when there is a LiDAR malfunction, regardless of minor or major. This fundamentally limits the deployment capability to realistic autonomous driving scenarios. In contrast, we propose a surprisingly simple yet novel fusion framework, dubbed BEVFusion, whose camera stream does not depend on the input of LiDAR data, thus addressing the downside of previous methods. We empirically show that our framework surpasses the state-of-the-art methods under the normal training settings. Under the robustness training settings that simulate various LiDAR malfunctions, our framework significantly surpasses the state-of-the-art methods by 15.7% to 28.9% mAP. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to handle realistic LiDAR malfunction and can be deployed to realistic scenarios without any post-processing procedure. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ADLab-AutoDrive/BEVFusion" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.A Survey on Long-Tailed Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13775.pdf)
>  The heavy reliance on data is one of the major reasons that currently limit the development of deep learning. Data quality directly dominates the effect of deep learning models, and the long-tailed distribution is one of the factors affecting data quality. The long-tailed phenomenon is prevalent due to the prevalence of power law in nature. In this case, the performance of deep learning models is often dominated by the head classes while the learning of the tail classes is severely underdeveloped. In order to learn adequately for all classes, many researchers have studied and preliminarily addressed the long-tailed problem. In this survey, we focus on the problems caused by long-tailed data distribution, sort out the representative long-tailed visual recognition datasets and summarize some mainstream long-tailed studies. Specifically, we summarize these studies into ten categories from the perspective of representation learning, and outline the highlights and limitations of each category. Besides, we have studied four quantitative metrics for evaluating the imbalance, and suggest using the Gini coefficient to evaluate the long-tailedness of a dataset. Based on the Gini coefficient, we quantitatively study 20 widely-used and large-scale visual datasets proposed in the last decade, and find that the long-tailed phenomenon is widespread and has not been fully studied. Finally, we provide several future directions for the development of long-tailed learning to provide more ideas for readers.      
### 23.LEAF + AIO: Edge-Assisted Energy-Aware Object Detection for Mobile Augmented Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13770.pdf)
>  Today very few deep learning-based mobile augmented reality (MAR) applications are applied in mobile devices because they are significantly energy-guzzling. In this paper, we design an edge-based energy-aware MAR system that enables MAR devices to dynamically change their configurations, such as CPU frequency, computation model size, and image offloading frequency based on user preferences, camera sampling rates, and available radio resources. Our proposed dynamic MAR configuration adaptations can minimize the per frame energy consumption of multiple MAR clients without degrading their preferred MAR performance metrics, such as latency and detection accuracy. To thoroughly analyze the interactions among MAR configurations, user preferences, camera sampling rate, and energy consumption, we propose, to the best of our knowledge, the first comprehensive analytical energy model for MAR devices. Based on the proposed analytical model, we design a LEAF optimization algorithm to guide the MAR configuration adaptation and server radio resource allocation. An image offloading frequency orchestrator, coordinating with the LEAF, is developed to adaptively regulate the edge-based object detection invocations and to further improve the energy efficiency of MAR devices. Extensive evaluations are conducted to validate the performance of the proposed analytical model and algorithms.      
### 24.Semantic-aware Dense Representation Learning for Remote Sensing Image Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13769.pdf)
>  Training deep learning-based change detection (CD) model heavily depends on labeled data. Contemporary transfer learning-based methods to alleviate the CD label insufficiency mainly upon ImageNet pre-training. A recent trend is using remote sensing (RS) data to obtain in-domain representations via supervised or self-supervised learning (SSL). Here, different from traditional supervised pre-training that learns the mapping from image to label, we leverage semantic supervision in a contrastive manner. There are typically multiple objects of interest (e.g., buildings) distributed in varying locations in RS images. We propose dense semantic-aware pre-training for RS image CD via sampling multiple class-balanced points. Instead of manipulating image-level representations that lack spatial information, we constrain pixel-level cross-view consistency and cross-semantic discrimination to learn spatially-sensitive features, thus benefiting downstream dense CD. Apart from learning illumination invariant features, we fulfill consistent foreground features insensitive to irrelevant background changes via a synthetic view using background swapping. We additionally achieve discriminative representations to distinguish foreground land-covers and others. We collect large-scale image-mask pairs freely available in the RS community for pre-training. Extensive experiments on three CD datasets verify the effectiveness of our method. Ours significantly outperforms ImageNet, in-domain supervision, and several SSL methods. Empirical results indicate ours well alleviates data insufficiency in CD. Notably, we achieve competitive results using only 20% training data than baseline (random) using 100% data. Both quantitative and qualitative results demonstrate the generalization ability of our pre-trained model to downstream images even remaining domain gaps with the pre-training data. Our Code will make public.      
### 25.Fully Convolutional One-Stage 3D Object Detection on LiDAR Range Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13764.pdf)
>  We present a simple yet effective fully convolutional one-stage 3D object detector for LiDAR point clouds of autonomous driving scenes, termed FCOS-LiDAR. Unlike the dominant methods that use the bird-eye view (BEV), our proposed detector detects objects from the range view (RV, a.k.a. range image) of the LiDAR points. Due to the range view's compactness and compatibility with the LiDAR sensors' sampling process on self-driving cars, the range view-based object detector can be realized by solely exploiting the vanilla 2D convolutions, departing from the BEV-based methods which often involve complicated voxelization operations and sparse convolutions. <br>For the first time, we show that an RV-based 3D detector with standard 2D convolutions alone can achieve comparable performance to state-of-the-art BEV-based detectors while being significantly faster and simpler. More importantly, almost all previous range view-based detectors only focus on single-frame point clouds, since it is challenging to fuse multi-frame point clouds into a single range view. In this work, we tackle this challenging issue with a novel range view projection mechanism, and for the first time demonstrate the benefits of fusing multi-frame point clouds for a range-view based detector. Extensive experiments on nuScenes show the superiority of our proposed method and we believe that our work can be strong evidence that an RV-based 3D detector can compare favourably with the current mainstream BEV-based detectors.      
### 26.CIGMO: Categorical invariant representations in a deep generative framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13758.pdf)
>  Data of general object images have two most common structures: (1) each object of a given shape can be rendered in multiple different views, and (2) shapes of objects can be categorized in such a way that the diversity of shapes is much larger across categories than within a category. Existing deep generative models can typically capture either structure, but not both. In this work, we introduce a novel deep generative model, called CIGMO, that can learn to represent category, shape, and view factors from image data. The model is comprised of multiple modules of shape representations that are each specialized to a particular category and disentangled from view representation, and can be learned using a group-based weakly supervised learning method. By empirical investigation, we show that our model can effectively discover categories of object shapes despite large view variation and quantitatively supersede various previous methods including the state-of-the-art invariant clustering algorithm. Further, we show that our approach using category-specialization can enhance the learned shape representation to better perform down-stream tasks such as one-shot object identification as well as shape-view disentanglement.      
### 27.Attention Awareness Multiple Instance Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13750.pdf)
>  Multiple instance learning is qualified for many pattern recognition tasks with weakly annotated data. The combination of artificial neural network and multiple instance learning offers an end-to-end solution and has been widely utilized. However, challenges remain in two-folds. Firstly, current MIL pooling operators are usually pre-defined and lack flexibility to mine key instances. Secondly, in current solutions, the bag-level representation can be inaccurate or inaccessible. To this end, we propose an attention awareness multiple instance neural network framework in this paper. It consists of an instance-level classifier, a trainable MIL pooling operator based on spatial attention and a bag-level classification layer. Exhaustive experiments on a series of pattern recognition tasks demonstrate that our framework outperforms many state-of-the-art MIL methods and validates the effectiveness of our proposed attention MIL pooling operators.      
### 28.Learning Instance Representation Banks for Aerial Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13744.pdf)
>  Aerial scenes are more complicated in terms of object distribution and spatial arrangement than natural scenes due to the bird view, and thus remain challenging to learn discriminative scene representation. Recent solutions design \textit{local semantic descriptors} so that region of interests (RoIs) can be properly highlighted. However, each local descriptor has limited description capability and the overall scene representation remains to be refined. In this paper, we solve this problem by designing a novel representation set named \textit{instance representation bank} (IRB), which unifies multiple local descriptors under the multiple instance learning (MIL) formulation. This unified framework is not trivial as all the local semantic descriptors can be aligned to the same scene scheme, enhancing the scene representation capability. Specifically, our IRB learning framework consists of a backbone, an instance representation bank, a semantic fusion module and a scene scheme alignment loss function. All the components are organized in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experiments on three aerial scene benchmarks demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin.      
### 29.Image Reconstruction of Multi Branch Feature Multiplexing Fusion Network with Mixed Multi-layer Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13738.pdf)
>  Image super-resolution reconstruction achieves better results than traditional methods with the help of the powerful nonlinear representation ability of convolution neural network. However, some existing algorithms also have some problems, such as insufficient utilization of phased features, ignoring the importance of early phased feature fusion to improve network performance, and the inability of the network to pay more attention to high-frequency information in the reconstruction process. To solve these problems, we propose a multi-branch feature multiplexing fusion network with mixed multi-layer attention (MBMFN), which realizes the multiple utilization of features and the multistage fusion of different levels of features. To further improve the networks performance, we propose a lightweight enhanced residual channel attention (LERCA), which can not only effectively avoid the loss of channel information but also make the network pay more attention to the key channel information and benefit from it. Finally, the attention mechanism is introduced into the reconstruction process to strengthen the restoration of edge texture and other details. A large number of experiments on several benchmark sets show that, compared with other advanced reconstruction algorithms, our algorithm produces highly competitive objective indicators and restores more image detail texture information.      
### 30.DLTTA: Dynamic Learning Rate for Test-time Adaptation on Cross-domain Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13723.pdf)
>  Test-time adaptation (TTA) has increasingly been an important topic to efficiently tackle the cross-domain distribution shift at test time for medical images from different institutions. Previous TTA methods have a common limitation of using a fixed learning rate for all the test samples. Such a practice would be sub-optimal for TTA, because test data may arrive sequentially therefore the scale of distribution shift would change frequently. To address this problem, we propose a novel dynamic learning rate adjustment method for test-time adaptation, called DLTTA, which dynamically modulates the amount of weights update for each test image to account for the differences in their distribution shift. Specifically, our DLTTA is equipped with a memory bank based estimation scheme to effectively measure the discrepancy of a given test sample. Based on this estimated discrepancy, a dynamic learning rate adjustment strategy is then developed to achieve a suitable degree of adaptation for each test sample. The effectiveness and general applicability of our DLTTA is extensively demonstrated on three tasks including retinal optical coherence tomography (OCT) segmentation, histopathological image classification, and prostate 3D MRI segmentation. Our method achieves effective and fast test-time adaptation with consistent performance improvement over current state-of-the-art test-time adaptation methods. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/med-air/DLTTA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Effective Abstract Reasoning with Dual-Contrast Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13720.pdf)
>  As a step towards improving the abstract reasoning capability of machines, we aim to solve Raven's Progressive Matrices (RPM) with neural networks, since solving RPM puzzles is highly correlated with human intelligence. Unlike previous methods that use auxiliary annotations or assume hidden rules to produce appropriate feature representation, we only use the ground truth answer of each question for model learning, aiming for an intelligent agent to have a strong learning capability with a small amount of supervision. Based on the RPM problem formulation, the correct answer filled into the missing entry of the third row/column has to best satisfy the same rules shared between the first two rows/columns. Thus we design a simple yet effective Dual-Contrast Network (DCNet) to exploit the inherent structure of RPM puzzles. Specifically, a rule contrast module is designed to compare the latent rules between the filled row/column and the first two rows/columns; a choice contrast module is designed to increase the relative differences between candidate choices. Experimental results on the RAVEN and PGM datasets show that DCNet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin of 5.77%. Further experiments on few training samples and model generalization also show the effectiveness of DCNet. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/visiontao/dcnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.PSTNet: Point Spatio-Temporal Convolution on Point Cloud Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13713.pdf)
>  Point cloud sequences are irregular and unordered in the spatial dimension while exhibiting regularities and order in the temporal dimension. Therefore, existing grid based convolutions for conventional video processing cannot be directly applied to spatio-temporal modeling of raw point cloud sequences. In this paper, we propose a point spatio-temporal (PST) convolution to achieve informative representations of point cloud sequences. The proposed PST convolution first disentangles space and time in point cloud sequences. Then, a spatial convolution is employed to capture the local structure of points in the 3D space, and a temporal convolution is used to model the dynamics of the spatial regions along the time dimension. Furthermore, we incorporate the proposed PST convolution into a deep network, namely PSTNet, to extract features of point cloud sequences in a hierarchical manner. Extensive experiments on widely-used 3D action recognition and 4D semantic segmentation datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of PSTNet to model point cloud sequences.      
### 33.ANISE: Assembly-based Neural Implicit Surface rEconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13682.pdf)
>  We present ANISE, a method that reconstructs a 3D shape from partial observations (images or sparse point clouds) using a part-aware neural implicit shape representation. It is formulated as an assembly of neural implicit functions, each representing a different shape part. In contrast to previous approaches, the prediction of this representation proceeds in a coarse-to-fine manner. Our network first predicts part transformations which are associated with part neural implicit functions conditioned on those transformations. The part implicit functions can then be combined into a single, coherent shape, enabling part-aware shape reconstructions from images and point clouds. Those reconstructions can be obtained in two ways: (i) by directly decoding combining the refined part implicit functions; or (ii) by using part latents to query similar parts in a part database and assembling them in a single shape. We demonstrate that, when performing reconstruction by decoding part representations into implicit functions, our method achieves state-of-the-art part-aware reconstruction results from both images and sparse point clouds. When reconstructing shapes by assembling parts queried from a dataset, our approach significantly outperforms traditional shape retrieval methods even when significantly restricting the size of the shape database. We present our results in well-known sparse point cloud reconstruction and single-view reconstruction benchmarks.      
### 34.Spatio-temporally separable non-linear latent factor learning: an application to somatomotor cortex fMRI data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13640.pdf)
>  Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) data contain complex spatiotemporal dynamics, thus researchers have developed approaches that reduce the dimensionality of the signal while extracting relevant and interpretable dynamics. Models of fMRI data that can perform whole-brain discovery of dynamical latent factors are understudied. The benefits of approaches such as linear independent component analysis models have been widely appreciated, however, nonlinear extensions of these models present challenges in terms of identification. Deep learning methods provide a way forward, but new methods for efficient spatial weight-sharing are critical to deal with the high dimensionality of the data and the presence of noise. Our approach generalizes weight sharing to non-Euclidean neuroimaging data by first performing spectral clustering based on the structural and functional similarity between voxels. The spectral clusters and their assignments can then be used as patches in an adapted multi-layer perceptron (MLP)-mixer model to share parameters among input points. To encourage temporally independent latent factors, we use an additional total correlation term in the loss. Our approach is evaluated on data with multiple motor sub-tasks to assess whether the model captures disentangled latent factors that correspond to each sub-task. Then, to assess the latent factors we find further, we compare the spatial location of each latent factor to the motor homunculus. Finally, we show that our approach captures task effects better than the current gold standard of source signal separation, independent component analysis (ICA).      
### 35.Deep Sensor Fusion with Pyramid Fusion Networks for 3D Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13629.pdf)
>  Robust environment perception for autonomous vehicles is a tremendous challenge, which makes a diverse sensor set with e.g. camera, lidar and radar crucial. In the process of understanding the recorded sensor data, 3D semantic segmentation plays an important role. Therefore, this work presents a pyramid-based deep fusion architecture for lidar and camera to improve 3D semantic segmentation of traffic scenes. Individual sensor backbones extract feature maps of camera images and lidar point clouds. A novel Pyramid Fusion Backbone fuses these feature maps at different scales and combines the multimodal features in a feature pyramid to compute valuable multimodal, multi-scale features. The Pyramid Fusion Head aggregates these pyramid features and further refines them in a late fusion step, incorporating the final features of the sensor backbones. The approach is evaluated on two challenging outdoor datasets and different fusion strategies and setups are investigated. It outperforms recent range view based lidar approaches as well as all so far proposed fusion strategies and architectures.      
### 36.Denial-of-Service Attack on Object Detection Model Using Universal Adversarial Perturbation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13618.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks against deep learning-based object detectors have been studied extensively in the past few years. The proposed attacks aimed solely at compromising the models' integrity (i.e., trustworthiness of the model's prediction), while adversarial attacks targeting the models' availability, a critical aspect in safety-critical domains such as autonomous driving, have not been explored by the machine learning research community. In this paper, we propose NMS-Sponge, a novel approach that negatively affects the decision latency of YOLO, a state-of-the-art object detector, and compromises the model's availability by applying a universal adversarial perturbation (UAP). In our experiments, we demonstrate that the proposed UAP is able to increase the processing time of individual frames by adding "phantom" objects while preserving the detection of the original objects.      
### 37.CA-UDA: Class-Aware Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Optimal Assignment and Pseudo-Label Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13579.pdf)
>  Recent works on unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) focus on the selection of good pseudo-labels as surrogates for the missing labels in the target data. However, source domain bias that deteriorates the pseudo-labels can still exist since the shared network of the source and target domains are typically used for the pseudo-label selections. The suboptimal feature space source-to-target domain alignment can also result in unsatisfactory performance. In this paper, we propose CA-UDA to improve the quality of the pseudo-labels and UDA results with optimal assignment, a pseudo-label refinement strategy and class-aware domain alignment. We use an auxiliary network to mitigate the source domain bias for pseudo-label refinement. Our intuition is that the underlying semantics in the target domain can be fully exploited to help refine the pseudo-labels that are inferred from the source features under domain shift. Furthermore, our optimal assignment can optimally align features in the source-to-target domains and our class-aware domain alignment can simultaneously close the domain gap while preserving the classification decision boundaries. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets show that our method can achieve state-of-the-art performance in the image classification task.      
### 38.Neural Basis Models for Interpretability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14120.pdf)
>  Due to the widespread use of complex machine learning models in real-world applications, it is becoming critical to explain model predictions. However, these models are typically black-box deep neural networks, explained post-hoc via methods with known faithfulness limitations. Generalized Additive Models (GAMs) are an inherently interpretable class of models that address this limitation by learning a non-linear shape function for each feature separately, followed by a linear model on top. However, these models are typically difficult to train, require numerous parameters, and are difficult to scale. <br>We propose an entirely new subfamily of GAMs that utilizes basis decomposition of shape functions. A small number of basis functions are shared among all features, and are learned jointly for a given task, thus making our model scale much better to large-scale data with high-dimensional features, especially when features are sparse. We propose an architecture denoted as the Neural Basis Model (NBM) which uses a single neural network to learn these bases. On a variety of tabular and image datasets, we demonstrate that for interpretable machine learning, NBMs are the state-of-the-art in accuracy, model size, and, throughput and can easily model all higher-order feature interactions.      
### 39.Scalable Interpretability via Polynomials  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14108.pdf)
>  Generalized Additive Models (GAMs) have quickly become the leading choice for fully-interpretable machine learning. However, unlike uninterpretable methods such as DNNs, they lack expressive power and easy scalability, and are hence not a feasible alternative for real-world tasks. We present a new class of GAMs that use tensor rank decompositions of polynomials to learn powerful, $\textit{fully-interpretable}$ models. Our approach, titled Scalable Polynomial Additive Models (SPAM) is effortlessly scalable and models $\textit{all}$ higher-order feature interactions without a combinatorial parameter explosion. SPAM outperforms all current interpretable approaches, and matches DNN/XGBoost performance on a series of real-world benchmarks with up to hundreds of thousands of features. We demonstrate by human subject evaluations that SPAMs are demonstrably more interpretable in practice, and are hence an effortless replacement for DNNs for creating interpretable and high-performance systems suitable for large-scale machine learning.      
### 40.OpenCalib: A Multi-sensor Calibration Toolbox for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14087.pdf)
>  Accurate sensor calibration is a prerequisite for multi-sensor perception and localization systems for autonomous vehicles. The intrinsic parameter calibration of the sensor is to obtain the mapping relationship inside the sensor, and the extrinsic parameter calibration is to transform two or more sensors into a unified spatial coordinate system. Most sensors need to be calibrated after installation to ensure the accuracy of sensor measurements. To this end, we present OpenCalib, a calibration toolbox that contains a rich set of various sensor calibration methods. OpenCalib covers manual calibration tools, automatic calibration tools, factory calibration tools, and online calibration tools for different application scenarios. At the same time, to evaluate the calibration accuracy and subsequently improve the accuracy of the calibration algorithm, we released a corresponding benchmark dataset. This paper introduces various features and calibration methods of this toolbox. To our knowledge, this is the first open-sourced calibration codebase containing the full set of autonomous-driving-related calibration approaches in this area. We wish that the toolbox could be helpful to autonomous driving researchers. We have open-sourced our code on GitHub to benefit the community. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PJLab-ADG/SensorsCalibration" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Sharpness-Aware Training for Free  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14083.pdf)
>  Modern deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved state-of-the-art performances but are typically over-parameterized. The over-parameterization may result in undesirably large generalization error in the absence of other customized training strategies. Recently, a line of research under the name of Sharpness-Aware Minimization (SAM) has shown that minimizing a sharpness measure, which reflects the geometry of the loss landscape, can significantly reduce the generalization error. However, SAM-like methods incur a two-fold computational overhead of the given base optimizer (e.g. SGD) for approximating the sharpness measure. In this paper, we propose Sharpness-Aware Training for Free, or SAF, which mitigates the sharp landscape at almost zero additional computational cost over the base optimizer. Intuitively, SAF achieves this by avoiding sudden drops in the loss in the sharp local minima throughout the trajectory of the updates of the weights. Specifically, we suggest a novel trajectory loss, based on the KL-divergence between the outputs of DNNs with the current weights and past weights, as a replacement of the SAM's sharpness measure. This loss captures the rate of change of the training loss along the model's update trajectory. By minimizing it, SAF ensures the convergence to a flat minimum with improved generalization capabilities. Extensive empirical results show that SAF minimizes the sharpness in the same way that SAM does, yielding better results on the ImageNet dataset with essentially the same computational cost as the base optimizer.      
### 42.Lesion classification by model-based feature extraction: A differential affine invariant model of soft tissue elasticity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14029.pdf)
>  The elasticity of soft tissues has been widely considered as a characteristic property to differentiate between healthy and vicious tissues and, therefore, motivated several elasticity imaging modalities, such as Ultrasound Elastography, Magnetic Resonance Elastography, and Optical Coherence Elastography. This paper proposes an alternative approach of modeling the elasticity using Computed Tomography (CT) imaging modality for model-based feature extraction machine learning (ML) differentiation of lesions. The model describes a dynamic non-rigid (or elastic) deformation in differential manifold to mimic the soft tissues elasticity under wave fluctuation in vivo. Based on the model, three local deformation invariants are constructed by two tensors defined by the first and second order derivatives from the CT images and used to generate elastic feature maps after normalization via a novel signal suppression method. The model-based elastic image features are extracted from the feature maps and fed to machine learning to perform lesion classifications. Two pathologically proven image datasets of colon polyps (44 malignant and 43 benign) and lung nodules (46 malignant and 20 benign) were used to evaluate the proposed model-based lesion classification. The outcomes of this modeling approach reached the score of area under the curve of the receiver operating characteristics of 94.2 % for the polyps and 87.4 % for the nodules, resulting in an average gain of 5 % to 30 % over ten existing state-of-the-art lesion classification methods. The gains by modeling tissue elasticity for ML differentiation of lesions are striking, indicating the great potential of exploring the modeling strategy to other tissue properties for ML differentiation of lesions.      
### 43.Dynamic Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13913.pdf)
>  Domain generalization (DG) is a fundamental yet very challenging research topic in machine learning. The existing arts mainly focus on learning domain-invariant features with limited source domains in a static model. Unfortunately, there is a lack of training-free mechanism to adjust the model when generalized to the agnostic target domains. To tackle this problem, we develop a brand-new DG variant, namely Dynamic Domain Generalization (DDG), in which the model learns to twist the network parameters to adapt the data from different domains. Specifically, we leverage a meta-adjuster to twist the network parameters based on the static model with respect to different data from different domains. In this way, the static model is optimized to learn domain-shared features, while the meta-adjuster is designed to learn domain-specific features. To enable this process, DomainMix is exploited to simulate data from diverse domains during teaching the meta-adjuster to adapt to the upcoming agnostic target domains. This learning mechanism urges the model to generalize to different agnostic target domains via adjusting the model without training. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MetaVisionLab/DDG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 44.Comparison of Deep Learning Segmentation and Multigrader-annotated Mandibular Canals of Multicenter CBCT scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13874.pdf)
>  Deep learning approach has been demonstrated to automatically segment the bilateral mandibular canals from CBCT scans, yet systematic studies of its clinical and technical validation are scarce. To validate the mandibular canal localization accuracy of a deep learning system (DLS) we trained it with 982 CBCT scans and evaluated using 150 scans of five scanners from clinical workflow patients of European and Southeast Asian Institutes, annotated by four radiologists. The interobserver variability was compared to the variability between the DLS and the radiologists. In addition, the generalization of DLS to CBCT scans from scanners not used in the training data was examined to evaluate the out-of-distribution generalization capability. The DLS had lower variability to the radiologists than the interobserver variability between them and it was able to generalize to three new devices. For the radiologists' consensus segmentation, used as gold standard, the DLS had a symmetric mean curve distance of 0.39 mm compared to those of the individual radiologists with 0.62 mm, 0.55 mm, 0.47 mm, and 0.42 mm. The DLS showed comparable or slightly better performance in the segmentation of the mandibular canal with the radiologists and generalization capability to new scanners.      
### 45.Finding Patterns in Visualized Data by Adding Redundant Visual Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13856.pdf)
>  We present "PATRED", a technique that uses the addition of redundant information to facilitate the detection of specific, generally described patterns in line-charts during the visual exploration of the charts. We compared different versions of this technique, that differed in the way redundancy was added, using nine distance metrics (such as Euclidean, Pearson, Mutual Information and Jaccard) with judgments from data scientists which served as the "ground truth". Results were analyzed with correlations (R2), F1 scores and Mutual Information with the average ranking by the data scientists. Some distance metrics consistently benefit from the addition of redundant information, while others are only enhanced for specific types of data perturbations. The results demonstrate the value of adding redundancy to improve the identification of patterns in time-series data during visual exploration.      
### 46.Textural-Structural Joint Learning for No-Reference Super-Resolution Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13847.pdf)
>  Image super-resolution (SR) has been widely investigated in recent years. However, it is challenging to fairly estimate the performances of various SR methods, as the lack of reliable and accurate criteria for perceptual quality. Existing SR image quality assessment (IQA) metrics usually concentrate on the specific kind of degradation without distinguishing the visual sensitive areas, which have no adaptive ability to describe the diverse SR degeneration situations. In this paper, we focus on the textural and structural degradation of image SR which acts as a critical role for visual perception, and design a dual stream network to jointly explore the textural and structural information for quality prediction, dubbed TSNet. By mimicking the human vision system (HVS) that pays more attention to the significant areas of the image, we develop the spatial attention mechanism to make the visual-sensitive areas more distinguishable, which improves the prediction accuracy. Feature normalization (F-Norm) is also developed to investigate the inherent spatial correlation of SR features and boost the network representation capacity. Experimental results show the proposed TSNet predicts the visual quality more accurate than the state-of-the-art IQA methods, and demonstrates better consistency with the human's perspective. The source code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/yuqing-liu-dut/NRIQA_SR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 47.Deep Learning Fetal Ultrasound Video Model Match Human Observers in Biometric Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13835.pdf)
>  Objective. This work investigates the use of deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) to automatically perform measurements of fetal body parts, including head circumference, biparietal diameter, abdominal circumference and femur length, and to estimate gestational age and fetal weight using fetal ultrasound videos. Approach. We developed a novel multi-task CNN-based spatio-temporal fetal US feature extraction and standard plane detection algorithm (called FUVAI) and evaluated the method on 50 freehand fetal US video scans. We compared FUVAI fetal biometric measurements with measurements made by five experienced sonographers at two time points separated by at least two weeks. Intra- and inter-observer variabilities were estimated. Main results. We found that automated fetal biometric measurements obtained by FUVAI were comparable to the measurements performed by experienced sonographers The observed differences in measurement values were within the range of inter- and intra-observer variability. Moreover, analysis has shown that these differences were not statistically significant when comparing any individual medical expert to our model. Significance. We argue that FUVAI has the potential to assist sonographers who perform fetal biometric measurements in clinical settings by providing them with suggestions regarding the best measuring frames, along with automated measurements. Moreover, FUVAI is able perform these tasks in just a few seconds, which is a huge difference compared to the average of six minutes taken by sonographers. This is significant, given the shortage of medical experts capable of interpreting fetal ultrasound images in numerous countries.      
### 48.A Look at Improving Robustness in Visual-inertial SLAM by Moment Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13821.pdf)
>  The fusion of camera sensor and inertial data is a leading method for ego-motion tracking in autonomous and smart devices. State estimation techniques that rely on non-linear filtering are a strong paradigm for solving the associated information fusion task. The de facto inference method in this space is the celebrated extended Kalman filter (EKF), which relies on first-order linearizations of both the dynamical and measurement model. This paper takes a critical look at the practical implications and limitations posed by the EKF, especially under faulty visual feature associations and the presence of strong confounding noise. As an alternative, we revisit the assumed density formulation of Bayesian filtering and employ a moment matching (unscented Kalman filtering) approach to both visual-inertial odometry and visual SLAM. Our results highlight important aspects in robustness both in dynamics propagation and visual measurement updates, and we show state-of-the-art results on EuRoC MAV drone data benchmark.      
### 49.Classification of COVID-19 Patients with their Severity Level from Chest CT Scans using Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13774.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: During pandemics, the use of artificial intelligence (AI) approaches combined with biomedical science play a significant role in reducing the burden on the healthcare systems and physicians. The rapid increment in cases of COVID-19 has led to an increase in demand for hospital beds and other medical equipment. However, since medical facilities are limited, it is recommended to diagnose patients as per the severity of the infection. Keeping this in mind, we share our research in detecting COVID-19 as well as assessing its severity using chest-CT scans and Deep Learning pre-trained models. Dataset: We have collected a total of 1966 CT Scan images for three different class labels, namely, Non-COVID, Severe COVID, and Non-Severe COVID, out of which 714 CT images belong to the Non-COVID category, 713 CT images are for Non-Severe COVID category and 539 CT images are of Severe COVID category. Methods: All of the images are initially pre-processed using the Contrast Limited Histogram Equalization (CLAHE) approach. The pre-processed images are then fed into the VGG-16 network for extracting features. Finally, the retrieved characteristics are categorized and the accuracy is evaluated using a support vector machine (SVM) with 10-fold cross-validation (CV). Result and Conclusion: In our study, we have combined well-known strategies for pre-processing, feature extraction, and classification which brings us to a remarkable success rate of disease and its severity recognition with an accuracy of 96.05% (97.7% for Non-Severe COVID-19 images and 93% for Severe COVID-19 images). Our model can therefore help radiologists detect COVID-19 and the extent of its severity.      
### 50.V-Doc : Visual questions answers with Documents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13724.pdf)
>  We propose V-Doc, a question-answering tool using document images and PDF, mainly for researchers and general non-deep learning experts looking to generate, process, and understand the document visual question answering tasks. The V-Doc supports generating and using both extractive and abstractive question-answer pairs using documents images. The extractive QA selects a subset of tokens or phrases from the document contents to predict the answers, while the abstractive QA recognises the language in the content and generates the answer based on the trained model. Both aspects are crucial to understanding the documents, especially in an image format. We include a detailed scenario of question generation for the abstractive QA task. V-Doc supports a wide range of datasets and models, and is highly extensible through a declarative, framework-agnostic platform.      
### 51.Membership Inference Attack Using Self Influence Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13680.pdf)
>  Member inference (MI) attacks aim to determine if a specific data sample was used to train a machine learning model. Thus, MI is a major privacy threat to models trained on private sensitive data, such as medical records. In MI attacks one may consider the black-box settings, where the model's parameters and activations are hidden from the adversary, or the white-box case where they are available to the attacker. In this work, we focus on the latter and present a novel MI attack for it that employs influence functions, or more specifically the samples' self-influence scores, to perform the MI prediction. We evaluate our attack on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and Tiny ImageNet datasets, using versatile architectures such as AlexNet, ResNet, and DenseNet. Our attack method achieves new state-of-the-art results for both training with and without data augmentations. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/giladcohen/sif_mi_attack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.A Hybrid Neural Autoencoder for Sensory Neuroprostheses and Its Applications in Bionic Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13623.pdf)
>  Sensory neuroprostheses are emerging as a promising technology to restore lost sensory function or augment human capacities. However, sensations elicited by current devices often appear artificial and distorted. Although current models can often predict the neural or perceptual response to an electrical stimulus, an optimal stimulation strategy solves the inverse problem: what is the required stimulus to produce a desired response? Here we frame this as an end-to-end optimization problem, where a deep neural network encoder is trained to invert a known, fixed forward model that approximates the underlying biological system. As a proof of concept, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our hybrid neural autoencoder (HNA) on the use case of visual neuroprostheses. We found that HNA is able to produce high-fidelity stimuli from the MNIST and COCO datasets that outperform conventional encoding strategies and surrogate techniques across all tested conditions. Overall this is an important step towards the long-standing challenge of restoring high-quality vision to people living with incurable blindness and may prove a promising solution for a variety of neuroprosthetic technologies.      
### 53.Fight Poison with Poison: Detecting Backdoor Poison Samples via Decoupling Benign Correlations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13616.pdf)
>  In this work, we study poison samples detection for defending against backdoor poisoning attacks on deep neural networks (DNNs). A principled idea underlying prior arts on this problem is to utilize the backdoored models' distinguishable behaviors on poison and clean populations to distinguish between these two different populations themselves and remove the identified poison. Many prior arts build their detectors upon a latent separability assumption, which states that backdoored models trained on the poisoned dataset will learn separable latent representations for backdoor and clean samples. Although such separation behaviors empirically exist for many existing attacks, there is no control on the separability and the extent of separation can vary a lot across different poison strategies, datasets, as well as the training configurations of backdoored models. Worse still, recent adaptive poison strategies can greatly reduce the "distinguishable behaviors" and consequently render most prior arts less effective (or completely fail). We point out that these limitations directly come from the passive reliance on some distinguishable behaviors that are not controlled by defenders. To mitigate such limitations, in this work, we propose the idea of active defense -- rather than passively assuming backdoored models will have certain distinguishable behaviors on poison and clean samples, we propose to actively enforce the trained models to behave differently on these two different populations. Specifically, we introduce confusion training as a concrete instance of active defense.      
### 54.Circumventing Backdoor Defenses That Are Based on Latent Separability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13613.pdf)
>  Deep learning models are vulnerable to backdoor poisoning attacks. In particular, adversaries can embed hidden backdoors into a model by only modifying a very small portion of its training data. On the other hand, it has also been commonly observed that backdoor poisoning attacks tend to leave a tangible signature in the latent space of the backdoored model i.e. poison samples and clean samples form two separable clusters in the latent space. These observations give rise to the popularity of latent separability assumption, which states that the backdoored DNN models will learn separable latent representations for poison and clean populations. A number of popular defenses (e.g. Spectral Signature, Activation Clustering, SCAn, etc.) are exactly built upon this assumption. However, in this paper, we show that the latent separation can be significantly suppressed via designing adaptive backdoor poisoning attacks with more sophisticated poison strategies, which consequently render state-of-the-art defenses based on this assumption less effective (and often completely fail). More interestingly, we find that our adaptive attacks can even evade some other typical backdoor defenses that do not explicitly build on this separability assumption. Our results show that adaptive backdoor poisoning attacks that can breach the latent separability assumption should be seriously considered for evaluating existing and future defenses.      
### 55.VectorAdam for Rotation Equivariant Geometry Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13599.pdf)
>  The rise of geometric problems in machine learning has necessitated the development of equivariant methods, which preserve their output under the action of rotation or some other transformation. At the same time, the Adam optimization algorithm has proven remarkably effective across machine learning and even traditional tasks in geometric optimization. In this work, we observe that naively applying Adam to optimize vector-valued data is not rotation equivariant, due to per-coordinate moment updates, and in fact this leads to significant artifacts and biases in practice. We propose to resolve this deficiency with VectorAdam, a simple modification which makes Adam rotation-equivariant by accounting for the vector structure of optimization variables. We demonstrate this approach on problems in machine learning and traditional geometric optimization, showing that equivariant VectorAdam resolves the artifacts and biases of traditional Adam when applied to vector-valued data, with equivalent or even improved rates of convergence.      
### 56.Harnessing Artificial Intelligence to Infer Novel Spatial Biomarkers for the Diagnosis of Eosinophilic Esophagitis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13583.pdf)
>  Eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) is a chronic allergic inflammatory condition of the esophagus associated with elevated esophageal eosinophils. Second only to gastroesophageal reflux disease, EoE is one of the leading causes of chronic refractory dysphagia in adults and children. EoE diagnosis requires enumerating the density of esophageal eosinophils in esophageal biopsies, a somewhat subjective task that is time-consuming, thus reducing the ability to process the complex tissue structure. Previous artificial intelligence (AI) approaches that aimed to improve histology-based diagnosis focused on recapitulating identification and quantification of the area of maximal eosinophil density. However, this metric does not account for the distribution of eosinophils or other histological features, over the whole slide image. Here, we developed an artificial intelligence platform that infers local and spatial biomarkers based on semantic segmentation of intact eosinophils and basal zone distributions. Besides the maximal density of eosinophils (referred to as Peak Eosinophil Count [PEC]) and a maximal basal zone fraction, we identify two additional metrics that reflect the distribution of eosinophils and basal zone fractions. This approach enables a decision support system that predicts EoE activity and classifies the histological severity of EoE patients. We utilized a cohort that includes 1066 biopsy slides from 400 subjects to validate the system's performance and achieved a histological severity classification accuracy of 86.70%, sensitivity of 84.50%, and specificity of 90.09%. Our approach highlights the importance of systematically analyzing the distribution of biopsy features over the entire slide and paves the way towards a personalized decision support system that will assist not only in counting cells but can also potentially improve diagnosis and provide treatment prediction.      
