# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 2 Oct 2018
### 1.Augmented Mitotic Cell Count using Field Of Interest Proposal  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00850.pdf)
> Histopathological prognostication of neoplasia including most tumor grading systems are based upon a number of criteria. Probably the most important is the number of mitotic figures which are most commonly determined as the mitotic count (MC), i.e. number of mitotic figures within 10 consecutive high power fields. Often the area with the highest mitotic activity is to be selected for the MC. However, since mitotic activity is not known in advance, an arbitrary choice of this region is considered one important cause for high variability in the prognostication and grading. <br />In this work, we present an algorithmic approach that first calculates a mitotic cell map based upon a deep convolutional network. This map is in a second step used to construct a mitotic activity estimate. Lastly, we select the image segment representing the size of ten high power fields with the overall highest mitotic activity as a region proposal for an expert MC determination. We evaluate the approach using a dataset of 32 completely annotated whole slide images, where 22 were used for training of the network and 10 for test. We find a correlation of r=0.936 in mitotic count estimate. 
### 2.RGB-D Object Detection and Semantic Segmentation for Autonomous  Manipulation in Clutter  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00818.pdf)
> Autonomous robotic manipulation in clutter is challenging. A large variety of objects must be perceived in complex scenes, where they are partially occluded and embedded among many distractors, often in restricted spaces. To tackle these challenges, we developed a deep-learning approach that combines object detection and semantic segmentation. The manipulation scenes are captured with RGB-D cameras, for which we developed a depth fusion method. Employing pretrained features makes learning from small annotated robotic data sets possible. We evaluate our approach on two challenging data sets: one captured for the Amazon Picking Challenge 2016, where our team NimbRo came in second in the Stowing and third in the Picking task, and one captured in disaster-response scenarios. The experiments show that object detection and semantic segmentation complement each other and can be combined to yield reliable object perception. 
### 3.Graph Diffusion-Embedding Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00797.pdf)
> We present a novel graph diffusion-embedding networks (GDEN) for graph structured data. GDEN is motivated by our closed-form formulation on regularized feature diffusion on graph. GDEN integrates both regularized feature diffusion and low-dimensional embedding simultaneously in a unified network model. Moreover, based on GDEN, we can naturally deal with structured data with multiple graph structures. Experiments on semi-supervised learning tasks on several benchmark datasets demonstrate the better performance of the proposed GDEN when comparing with the traditional GCN models. 
### 4.Bayesian Prediction of Future Street Scenes using Synthetic Likelihoods  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00746.pdf)
> For autonomous agents to successfully operate in the real world, the ability to anticipate future scene states is a key competence. In real-world scenarios, future states become increasingly uncertain and multi-modal, particularly on long time horizons. Dropout based Bayesian inference provides a computationally tractable, theoretically well grounded approach to learn likely hypotheses/models to deal with uncertain futures and make predictions that correspond well to observations -- are well calibrated. However, it turns out that such approaches fall short to capture complex real-world scenes, even falling behind in accuracy when compared to the plain deterministic approaches. This is because the used log-likelihood estimate discourages diversity. In this work, we propose a novel Bayesian formulation for anticipating future scene states which leverages synthetic likelihoods that encourage the learning of diverse models to accurately capture the multi-modal nature of future scene states. We show that our approach achieves accurate state-of-the-art predictions and calibrated probabilities through extensive experiments for scene anticipation on Cityscapes dataset. Moreover, we show that our approach generalizes across diverse tasks such as digit generation and precipitation forecasting. 
### 5.Benchmark Analysis of Representative Deep Neural Network Architectures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00736.pdf)
> This work presents an in-depth analysis of the majority of the deep neural networks (DNNs) proposed in the state of the art for image recognition. For each DNN multiple performance indices are observed, such as recognition accuracy, model complexity, computational complexity, memory usage, and inference time. The behavior of such performance indices and some combinations of them are analyzed and discussed. To measure the indices we experiment the use of DNNs on two different computer architectures, a workstation equipped with a NVIDIA Titan X Pascal and an embedded system based on a NVIDIA Jetson TX1 board. This experimentation allows a direct comparison between DNNs running on machines with very different computational capacity. This study is useful for researchers to have a complete view of what solutions have been explored so far and in which research directions are worth exploring in the future; and for practitioners to select the DNN architecture(s) that better fit the resource constraints of practical deployments and applications. To complete this work, all the DNNs, as well as the software used for the analysis, are available online. 
### 6.SurfelMeshing: Online Surfel-Based Mesh Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00729.pdf)
> We address the problem of mesh reconstruction from live RGB-D video, assuming a calibrated camera and poses provided externally (e.g., by a SLAM system). In contrast to most existing approaches, we do not fuse depth measurements in a volume but in a dense surfel cloud. We asynchronously (re)triangulate the smoothed surfels to reconstruct a surface mesh. This novel approach enables to maintain a dense surface representation of the scene during SLAM which can quickly adapt to loop closures. This is possible by deforming the surfel cloud and asynchronously remeshing the surface where necessary. The surfel-based representation also naturally supports strongly varying scan resolution. In particular, it reconstructs colors at the input camera's resolution. Moreover, in contrast to many volumetric approaches, ours can reconstruct thin objects since objects do not need to enclose a volume. We demonstrate our approach in a number of experiments, showing that it produces reconstructions that are competitive with the state-of-the-art, and we discuss its advantages and limitations. The algorithm (excluding loop closure functionality) is available as open source at <a href="https://github.com/puzzlepaint/surfelmeshing.">this https URL</a> 
### 7.Part-Level Convolutional Neural Networks for Pedestrian Detection Using  Saliency and Boundary Box Alignment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00689.pdf)
> Pedestrians in videos have a wide range of appearances such as body poses, occlusions, and complex backgrounds, and there exists the proposal shift problem in pedestrian detection that causes the loss of body parts such as head and legs. To address it, we propose part-level convolutional neural networks (CNN) for pedestrian detection using saliency and boundary box alignment in this paper. The proposed network consists of two sub-networks: detection and alignment. We use saliency in the detection sub-network to remove false positives such as lamp posts and trees. We adopt bounding box alignment on detection proposals in the alignment sub-network to address the proposal shift problem. First, we combine FCN and CAM to extract deep features for pedestrian detection. Then, we perform part-level CNN to recall the lost body parts. Experimental results on various datasets demonstrate that the proposed method remarkably improves accuracy in pedestrian detection and outperforms existing state-of-the-arts in terms of log average miss rate at false position per image (FPPI). 
### 8.Unsupervised Trajectory Segmentation and Promoting of Multi-Modal  Surgical Demonstrations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00599.pdf)
> To improve the efficiency of surgical trajectory segmentation for robot learning in robot-assisted minimally invasive surgery, this paper presents a fast unsupervised method using video and kinematic data, followed by a promoting procedure to address the over-segmentation issue. Unsupervised deep learning network, stacking convolutional auto-encoder, is employed to extract more discriminative features from videos in an effective way. To further improve the accuracy of segmentation, on one hand, wavelet transform is used to filter out the noises existed in the features from video and kinematic data. On the other hand, the segmentation result is promoted by identifying the adjacent segments with no state transition based on the predefined similarity measurements. Extensive experiments on a public dataset JIGSAWS show that our method achieves much higher accuracy of segmentation than state-of-the-art methods in the shorter time. 
### 9.Elastic Neural Networks for Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00589.pdf)
> In this work we propose a framework for improving the performance of any deep neural network that may suffer from vanishing gradients. To address the vanishing gradient issue, we study a framework, where we insert an intermediate output branch after each layer in the computational graph and use the corresponding prediction loss for feeding the gradient to the early layers. The framework - which we name Elastic network - is tested with several well-known networks on CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 datasets, and the experimental results show that the proposed framework improves the accuracy on both shallow networks (e.g., MobileNet) and deep convolutional neural networks (e.g., DenseNet). We also identify the types of networks where the framework does not improve the performance and discuss the reasons. Finally, as a side product, the computational complexity of the resulting networks can be adjusted in an elastic manner by selecting the output branch according to current computational budget. 
### 10.Learnable Pooling Methods for Video Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00530.pdf)
> We introduce modifications to state-of-the-art approaches to aggregating local video descriptors by using attention mechanisms and function approximations. Rather than using ensembles of existing architectures, we provide an insight on creating new architectures. We demonstrate our solutions in the "The 2nd YouTube-8M Video Understanding Challenge", by using frame-level video and audio descriptors. We obtain testing accuracy similar to the state of the art, while meeting budget constraints, and touch upon strategies to improve the state of the art. Model implementations are available in <a href="https://github.com/pomonam/LearnablePoolingMethods.">this https URL</a> 
### 11.End-To-End Alzheimer&#x27;s Disease Diagnosis and Biomarker Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00523.pdf)
> As shown in computer vision, the power of deep learning lies in automatically learning relevant and powerful features for any perdition task, which is made possible through end-to-end architectures. However, deep learning approaches applied for classifying medical images do not adhere to this architecture as they rely on several pre- and post-processing steps. This shortcoming can be explained by the relatively small number of available labeled subjects, the high dimensionality of neuroimaging data, and difficulties in interpreting the results of deep learning methods. In this paper, we propose a simple 3D Convolutional Neural Networks and exploit its model parameters to tailor the end-to-end architecture for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Our model can diagnose AD with an accuracy of 94.1\% on the popular ADNI dataset using only MRI data, which outperforms the previous state-of-the-art. Based on the learned model, we identify the disease biomarkers, the results of which were in accordance with the literature. We further transfer the learned model to diagnose mild cognitive impairment (MCI), the prodromal stage of AD, which yield better results compared to other methods. 
### 12.Layer-compensated Pruning for Resource-constrained Convolutional Neural  Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00518.pdf)
> Resource-efficient convolution neural networks enable not only the intelligence on edge devices but also opportunities in system-level optimization such as scheduling. In this work, we aim to improve the performance of resource-constrained filter pruning by merging two sub-problems commonly considered, i.e., (i) how many filters to prune for each layer and (ii) which filters to prune given a per-layer pruning budget, into a global filter ranking problem. Our framework entails a novel algorithm, dubbed layer-compensated pruning, where meta-learning is involved to determine better solutions. We show empirically that the proposed algorithm is superior to prior art in both effectiveness and efficiency. Specifically, we reduce the accuracy gap between the pruned and original networks from 0.9% to 0.7% with 8x reduction in time needed for meta-learning, i.e., from 1 hour down to 7 minutes. To this end, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm using ResNet and MobileNetV2 networks under CIFAR-10, ImageNet, and Bird-200 datasets. 
### 13.One Network to Solve All ROIs: Deep Learning CT for Any ROI using  Differentiated Backprojection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00500.pdf)
> Computed tomography for region-of-interest (ROI) reconstruction has advantages of reducing X-ray radiation dose and using a small detector. However, standard analytic reconstruction methods suffer from severe cupping artifacts, and existing model-based iterative reconstruction methods require extensive computations. Recently, we proposed a deep neural network to learn the cupping artifact, but the network is not well generalized for different ROIs due to the singularities in the corrupted images. Therefore, there is an increasing demand for a neural network that works well for any ROI sizes. In this paper, two types of neural networks are designed. The first type learns ROI size-specific cupping artifacts from the analytic reconstruction images, whereas the second type network is to learn to invert the finite Hilbert transform from the truncated differentiated backprojection (DBP) data. Their generalizability for any ROI sizes is then examined. Experimental results show that the new type of neural network significantly outperforms the existing iterative methods for any ROI size in spite of significantly reduced run-time complexity. Since the proposed method consistently surpasses existing methods for any ROIs, it can be used as a general CT reconstruction engine for many practical applications without compromising possible detector truncation. 
### 14.Hybrid Noise Removal in Hyperspectral Imagery With a Spatial-Spectral  Gradient Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00495.pdf)
> The existence of hybrid noise in hyperspectral images (HSIs) severely degrades the data quality, reduces the interpretation accuracy of HSIs, and restricts the subsequent HSIs applications. In this paper, the spatial-spectral gradient network (SSGN) is presented for mixed noise removal in HSIs. The proposed method employs a spatial-spectral gradient learning strategy, in consideration of the unique spatial structure directionality of sparse noise and spectral differences with additional complementary information for better extracting intrinsic and deep features of HSIs. Based on a fully cascaded multi-scale convolutional network, SSGN can simultaneously deal with the different types of noise in different HSIs or spectra by the use of the same model. The simulated and real-data experiments undertaken in this study confirmed that the proposed SSGN performs better at mixed noise removal than the other state-of-the-art HSI denoising algorithms, in evaluation indices, visual assessments, and time consumption. 
### 15.3D-PSRNet: Part Segmented 3D Point Cloud Reconstruction From a Single  Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00461.pdf)
> We propose a mechanism to reconstruct part annotated 3D point clouds of objects given just a single input image. We demonstrate that jointly training for both reconstruction and segmentation leads to improved performance in both the tasks, when compared to training for each task individually. The key idea is to propagate information from each task so as to aid the other during the training procedure. Towards this end, we introduce a location-aware segmentation loss in the training regime. We empirically show the effectiveness of the proposed loss in generating more faithful part reconstructions while also improving segmentation accuracy. We thoroughly evaluate the proposed approach on different object categories from the ShapeNet dataset to obtain improved results in reconstruction as well as segmentation. 
### 16.CaTDet: Cascaded Tracked Detector for Efficient Object Detection from  Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00434.pdf)
> Detecting objects in a video is a compute-intensive task. In this paper we propose CaTDet, a system to speedup object detection by leveraging the temporal correlation in video. CaTDet consists of two DNN models that form a cascaded detector, and an additional tracker to predict regions of interests based on historic detections. We also propose a new metric, mean Delay(mD), which is designed for latency-critical video applications. Experiments on the KITTI dataset show that CaTDet reduces operation count by 5.1-8.7x with the same mean Average Precision(mAP) as the single-model Faster R-CNN detector and incurs additional delay of 0.3 frame. On CityPersons dataset, CaTDet achieves 13.0x reduction in operations with 0.8% mAP loss. 
### 17.Optical Illusions Images Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00415.pdf)
> Human vision is capable of performing many tasks not optimized for in its long evolution. Reading text and identifying artificial objects such as road signs are both tasks that mammalian brains never encountered in the wild but are very easy for us to perform. However, humans have discovered many very specific tricks that cause us to misjudge color, size, alignment and movement of what we are looking at. A better understanding of these phenomenon could reveal insights into how human perception achieves these feats. In this paper we present a dataset of 6725 illusion images gathered from two websites, and a smaller dataset of 500 hand-picked images. We will discuss the process of collecting this data, models trained on it, and the work that needs to be done to make it of value to computer vision researchers. 
### 18.Modelling local phase of images and textures with applications in phase  denoising and phase retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00403.pdf)
> The Fourier magnitude has been studied extensively, but less effort has been devoted to the Fourier phase, despite its well-established importance in image representation. Global phase was shown to be more important for image representation than the magnitude, whereas local phase, exhibited in Gabor filters, has been used for analysis purposes in detecting image contours and edges. Neither global nor local phase has been modelled in closed form, suitable for Bayesian estimation. <br />In this work, we analyze the local phase of textured images and propose a local (Markovian) model for local phase coefficients. This model is Gaussian-mixture-based, learned from the graph representation of images, based on their complex wavelet decomposition. We demonstrate the applicability of the model in restoration of images with noisy local phase and in image retrieval, where we show superior performance to the well-known hybrid input-output (HIO) method. We also provide a framework for application of the model in a general setup of image processing. 
### 19.Benchmarks of ResNet Architecture for Atrial Fibrillation Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00396.pdf)
> In this work we apply variations of ResNet architecture to the task of atrial fibrillation classification. Variations differ in number of filter after first convolution, ResNet block layout, number of filters in block convolutions and number of ResNet blocks between downsampling operations. We have found a range of model size in which models with quite different configurations show similar performance. It is likely that overall number of parameters plays dominant role in model performance. However, configuration parameters like layout have values that constantly lead to better results, which allows to suggest that these parameters should be defined and fixed in the first place, while others may be varied in a reasonable range to satisfy any existing constraints. 
### 20.Spontaneous Facial Expression Recognition using Sparse Representation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00362.pdf)
> Facial expression is the most natural means for human beings to communicate their emotions. Most facial expression analysis studies consider the case of acted expressions. Spontaneous facial expression recognition is significantly more challenging since each person has a different way to react to a given emotion. We consider the problem of recognizing spontaneous facial expression by learning discriminative dictionaries for sparse representation. Facial images are represented as a sparse linear combination of prototype atoms via Orthogonal Matching Pursuit algorithm. Sparse codes are then used to train an SVM classifier dedicated to the recognition task. The dictionary that sparsifies the facial images (feature points with the same class labels should have similar sparse codes) is crucial for robust classification. Learning sparsifying dictionaries heavily relies on the initialization process of the dictionary. To improve the performance of dictionaries, a random face feature descriptor based on the Random Projection concept is developed. The effectiveness of the proposed method is evaluated through several experiments on the spontaneous facial expressions DynEmo database. It is also estimated on the well-known acted facial expressions JAFFE database for a purpose of comparison with state-of-the-art methods. 
### 21.Improving Bag-of-Visual-Words Towards Effective Facial Expressive Image  Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00360.pdf)
> Bag-of-Visual-Words (BoVW) approach has been widely used in the recent years for image classification purposes. However, the limitations regarding optimal feature selection, clustering technique, the lack of spatial organization of the data and the weighting of visual words are crucial. These factors affect the stability of the model and reduce performance. We propose to develop an algorithm based on BoVW for facial expression analysis which goes beyond those limitations. Thus the visual codebook is built by using k-Means++ method to avoid poor clustering. To exploit reliable low level features, we search for the best feature detector that avoids locating a large number of keypoints which do not contribute to the classification process. Then, we propose to compute the relative conjunction matrix in order to preserve the spatial order of the data by coding the relationships among visual words. In addition, a weighting scheme that reflects how important a visual word is with respect to a given image is introduced. We speed up the learning process by using histogram intersection kernel by Support Vector Machine to learn a discriminative classifier. The efficiency of the proposed algorithm is compared with standard bag of visual words method and with bag of visual words method with spatial pyramid. Extensive experiments on the CK+, the MMI and the JAFFE databases show good average recognition rates. Likewise, the ability to recognize spontaneous and non-basic expressive states is investigated using the DynEmo database. 
### 22.Pixel and Feature Level Based Domain Adaption for Object Detection in  Autonomous Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00345.pdf)
> Annotating large scale datasets to train modern convolutional neural networks is prohibitively expensive and time-consuming for many real tasks. One alternative is to train the model on labeled synthetic datasets and apply it in the real scenes. However, this straightforward method often fails to generalize well mainly due to the domain bias between the synthetic and real datasets. Many unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) methods are introduced to address this problem but most of them only focus on the simple classification task. In this paper, we present a novel UDA model to solve the more complex object detection problem in the context of autonomous driving. Our model integrates both pixel level and feature level based transformtions to fulfill the cross domain detection task and can be further trained end-to-end to pursue better performance. We employ objectives of the generative adversarial network and the cycle consistency loss for image translation in the pixel space. To address the potential semantic inconsistency problem, we propose region proposal based feature adversarial training to preserve the semantics of our target objects as well as further minimize the domain shifts. Extensive experiments are conducted on several different datasets, and the results demonstrate the robustness and superiority of our method. 
### 23.Multi-Level Contextual Network for Biomedical Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00327.pdf)
> Accurate and reliable image segmentation is an essential part of biomedical image analysis. In this paper, we consider the problem of biomedical image segmentation using deep convolutional neural networks. We propose a new end-to-end network architecture that effectively integrates local and global contextual patterns of histologic primitives to obtain a more reliable segmentation result. Specifically, we introduce a deep fully convolution residual network with a new skip connection strategy to control the contextual information passed forward. Moreover, our trained model is also computationally inexpensive due to its small number of network parameters. We evaluate our method on two public datasets for epithelium segmentation and tubule segmentation tasks. Our experimental results show that the proposed method provides a fast and effective way of producing a pixel-wise dense prediction of biomedical images. 
### 24.Posture recognition using an RGB-D camera : exploring 3D body modeling  and deep learning approaches  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00308.pdf)
> The emergence of RGB-D sensors offered new possibilities for addressing complex artificial vision problems efficiently. Human posture recognition is among these computer vision problems, with a wide range of applications such as ambient assisted living and intelligent health care systems. In this context, our paper presents novel methods and ideas to design automatic posture recognition systems using an RGB-D camera. More specifically, we introduce two supervised methods to learn and recognize human postures using the main types of visual data provided by an RGB-D camera. The first method is based on convolutional features extracted from 2D images. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are trained to recognize human postures using transfer learning on RGB and depth images. Secondly, we propose to model the posture using the body joint configuration in the 3D space. Posture recognition is then performed through SVM classification of 3D skeleton- based features. To evaluate the proposed methods, we created a challenging posture recognition dataset with a considerable variability regarding the acquisition conditions. The experimental results demonstrated comparable performances and high pre- cision for both methods in recognizing human postures, with a slight superiority for the CNN-based method when applied on depth images. Moreover, the two approaches demonstrated a high robustness to several perturbation factors, such as scale and orientation change. 
### 25.Correlation Propagation Networks for Scene Text Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00304.pdf)
> In this work, we propose a novel hybrid method for scene text detection namely Correlation Propagation Network (CPN). It is an end-to-end trainable framework engined by advanced Convolutional Neural Networks. Our CPN predicts text objects according to both top-down observations and the bottom-up cues. Multiple candidate boxes are assembled by a spatial communication mechanism call Correlation Propagation (CP). The extracted spatial features by CNN are regarded as node features in a latticed graph and Correlation Propagation algorithm runs distributively on each node to update the hypothesis of corresponding object centers. The CP process can flexibly handle scale-varying and rotated text objects without using predefined bounding box templates. Benefit from its distributive nature, CPN is computationally efficient and enjoys a high level of parallelism. Moreover, we introduce deformable convolution to the backbone network to enhance the adaptability to long texts. The evaluation on public benchmarks shows that the proposed method achieves state-of-art performance, and it significantly outperforms the existing methods for handling multi-scale and multi-oriented text objects with much lower computation cost. 
### 26.DIMENSION: Dynamic MR Imaging with Both K-space and Spatial Prior  Knowledge Obtained via Multi-Supervised Network Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00302.pdf)
> Dynamic MR image reconstruction from incomplete k-space data has generated great research interest due to its capability in reducing scan time. Nevertheless, the reconstruction problem is still challenging due to its ill-posed nature. Most existing methods either suffered from long iterative reconstruction time or explored limited prior knowledge. This paper proposes a dynamic MR imaging method with both k-space and spatial prior knowledge integrated via multi-supervised network training, dubbed as DIMENSION. Specifically, DIMENSION consists of a Fourier prior network for k-space completion and a spatial prior network for capturing image structures and details. Furthermore, a multi-supervised network training technique is developed to constrain the frequency domain information and reconstruction results at different levels. The comparisons with k-t FOCUSS, k-t SLR, L+S and the state-of-the-art CNN method on in vivo datasets show our method can achieve improved reconstruction results in shorter time. 
### 27.Deep Adversarial Training for Multi-Organ Nuclei Segmentation in  Histopathology Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00236.pdf)
> Nuclei segmentation is a fundamental task that is critical for various computational pathology applications including nuclei morphology analysis, cell type classification, and cancer grading. Conventional vision-based methods for nuclei segmentation struggle in challenging cases and deep learning approaches have proven to be more robust and generalizable. However, CNNs require large amounts of labeled histopathology data. Moreover, conventional CNN-based approaches lack structured prediction capabilities which are required to distinguish overlapping and clumped nuclei. Here, we present an approach to nuclei segmentation that overcomes these challenges by utilizing a conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN) trained with synthetic and real data. We generate a large dataset of H&amp;E training images with perfect nuclei segmentation labels using an unpaired GAN framework. This synthetic data along with real histopathology data from six different organs are used to train a conditional GAN with spectral normalization and gradient penalty for nuclei segmentation. This adversarial regression framework enforces higher order consistency when compared to conventional CNN models. We demonstrate that this nuclei segmentation approach generalizes across different organs, sites, patients and disease states, and outperforms conventional approaches, especially in isolating individual and overlapping nuclei. 
### 28.Non-local NetVLAD Encoding for Video Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00207.pdf)
> This paper describes our solution for the 2$^\text{nd}$ YouTube-8M video understanding challenge organized by Google AI. Unlike the video recognition benchmarks, such as Kinetics and Moments, the YouTube-8M challenge provides pre-extracted visual and audio features instead of raw videos. In this challenge, the submitted model is restricted to 1GB, which encourages participants focus on constructing one powerful single model rather than incorporating of the results from a bunch of models. Our system fuses six different sub-models into one single computational graph, which are categorized into three families. More specifically, the most effective family is the model with non-local operations following the NetVLAD encoding. The other two family models are Soft-BoF and GRU, respectively. In order to further boost single models performance, the model parameters of different checkpoints are averaged. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed system can effectively perform the video classification task, achieving 0.88763 on the public test set and 0.88704 on the private set in terms of GAP@20, respectively. We finally ranked at the fourth place in the YouTube-8M video understanding challenge. 
### 29.NICE: Noise Injection and Clamping Estimation for Neural Network  Quantization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00162.pdf)
> Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are very popular in many fields including computer vision, speech recognition, natural language processing, to name a few. Though deep learning leads to groundbreaking performance in these domains, the networks used are very demanding computationally and are far from real-time even on a GPU, which is not power efficient and therefore does not suit low power systems such as mobile devices. To overcome this challenge, some solutions have been proposed for quantizing the weights and activations of these networks, which accelerate the runtime significantly. Yet, this acceleration comes at the cost of a larger error. The \uniqname method proposed in this work trains quantized neural networks by noise injection and a learned clamping, which improve the accuracy. This leads to state-of-the-art results on various regression and classification tasks, e.g., ImageNet classification with architectures such as ResNet-18/34/50 with low as 3-bit weights and activations. We implement the proposed solution on an FPGA to demonstrate its applicability for low power real-time applications. The implementation of the paper is available at <a href="https://github.com/Lancer555/NICE.">this https URL</a> 
### 30.FusedLSTM: Fusing frame-level and video-level features for Content-based  Video Relevance Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00136.pdf)
> This paper describes two of my best performing approaches on the Content-based Video Relevance Prediction challenge. In the FusedLSTM based approach, the inception-pool3 and the C3D-pool5 features are combined using an LSTM and a dense layer to form embeddings with the objective to minimize the triplet loss function. In the second approach, an Online Kernel Similarity Learning method is proposed to learn a non-linear similarity measure to adhere the relevance training data. The last section gives a complete comparison of all the approaches implemented during this challenge, including the one presented in the baseline paper. 
### 31.Visual Object Tracking based on Adaptive Siamese and Motion Estimation  Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00119.pdf)
> Recently, convolutional neural network (CNN) has attracted much attention in different areas of computer vision, due to its powerful abstract feature representation. Visual object tracking is one of the interesting and important areas in computer vision that achieves remarkable improvements in recent years. In this work, we aim to improve both the motion and observation models in visual object tracking by leveraging representation power of CNNs. To this end, a motion estimation network (named MEN) is utilized to seek the most likely locations of the target and prepare a further clue in addition to the previous target position. Hence the motion estimation would be enhanced by generating a small number of candidates near two plausible positions. The generated candidates are then fed into a trained Siamese network to detect the most probable candidate. Each candidate is compared to an adaptable buffer, which is updated under a predefined condition. To take into account the target appearance changes, a weighting CNN (called WCNN) adaptively assigns weights to the final similarity scores of the Siamese network using sequence-specific information. Evaluation results on well-known benchmark datasets (OTB100, OTB50 and OTB2013) prove that the proposed tracker outperforms the state-of-the-art competitors. 
### 32.DeepSSM: A Deep Learning Framework for Statistical Shape Modeling from  Raw Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00111.pdf)
> Statistical shape modeling is an important tool to characterize variation in anatomical morphology. Typical shapes of interest are measured using 3D imaging and a subsequent pipeline of registration, segmentation, and some extraction of shape features or projections onto some lower-dimensional shape space, which facilitates subsequent statistical analysis. Many methods for constructing compact shape representations have been proposed, but are often impractical due to the sequence of image preprocessing operations, which involve significant parameter tuning, manual delineation, and/or quality control by the users. We propose DeepSSM: a deep learning approach to extract a low-dimensional shape representation directly from 3D images, requiring virtually no parameter tuning or user assistance. DeepSSM uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) that simultaneously localizes the biological structure of interest, establishes correspondences, and projects these points onto a low-dimensional shape representation in the form of PCA loadings within a point distribution model. To overcome the challenge of the limited availability of training images, we present a novel data augmentation procedure that uses existing correspondences on a relatively small set of processed images with shape statistics to create plausible training samples with known shape parameters. Hence, we leverage the limited CT/MRI scans (40-50) into thousands of images needed to train a CNN. After the training, the CNN automatically produces accurate low-dimensional shape representations for unseen images. We validate DeepSSM for three different applications pertaining to modeling pediatric cranial CT for characterization of metopic craniosynostosis, femur CT scans identifying morphologic deformities of the hip due to femoroacetabular impingement, and left atrium MRI scans for atrial fibrillation recurrence prediction. 
### 33.Audio-Visual Speech Recognition With A Hybrid CTC/Attention Architecture  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00108.pdf)
> Recent works in speech recognition rely either on connectionist temporal classification (CTC) or sequence-to-sequence models for character-level recognition. CTC assumes conditional independence of individual characters, whereas attention-based models can provide nonsequential alignments. Therefore, we could use a CTC loss in combination with an attention-based model in order to force monotonic alignments and at the same time get rid of the conditional independence assumption. In this paper, we use the recently proposed hybrid CTC/attention architecture for audio-visual recognition of speech in-the-wild. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that such a hybrid architecture architecture is used for audio-visual recognition of speech. We use the LRS2 database and show that the proposed audio-visual model leads to an 1.3% absolute decrease in word error rate over the audio-only model and achieves the new state-of-the-art performance on LRS2 database (7% word error rate). We also observe that the audio-visual model significantly outperforms the audio-based model (up to 32.9% absolute improvement in word error rate) for several different types of noise as the signal-to-noise ratio decreases. 
### 34.Reconciling Feature-Reuse and Overfitting in DenseNet with Specialized  Dropout  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00091.pdf)
> Recently convolutional neural networks (CNNs) achieve great accuracy in visual recognition tasks. DenseNet becomes one of the most popular CNN models due to its effectiveness in feature-reuse. However, like other CNN models, DenseNets also face overfitting problem if not severer. Existing dropout method can be applied but not as effective due to the introduced nonlinear connections. In particular, the property of feature-reuse in DenseNet will be impeded, and the dropout effect will be weakened by the spatial correlation inside feature maps. To address these problems, we craft the design of a specialized dropout method from three aspects, dropout location, dropout granularity, and dropout probability. The insights attained here could potentially be applied as a general approach for boosting the accuracy of other CNN models with similar nonlinear connections. Experimental results show that DenseNets with our specialized dropout method yield better accuracy compared to vanilla DenseNet and state-of-the-art CNN models, and such accuracy boost increases with the model depth. 
### 35.Deep Residual Network for Off-Resonance Artifact Correction with  Application to Pediatric Body Magnetic Resonance Angiography with 3D Cones  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00072.pdf)
> Purpose: Off-resonance artifact correction by deep-learning, to facilitate rapid pediatric body imaging with a scan time efficient 3D cones trajectory. Methods: A residual convolutional neural network to correct off-resonance artifacts (Off-ResNet) was trained with a prospective study of 30 pediatric magnetic resonance angiography exams. Each exam acquired a short-readout scan (1.18 ms +- 0.38) and a long-readout scan (3.35 ms +- 0.74) at 3T. Short-readout scans, with longer scan times but negligible off-resonance blurring, were used as reference images and augmented with additional off-resonance for supervised training examples. Long-readout scans, with greater off-resonance artifacts but shorter scan time, were corrected by autofocus and Off-ResNet and compared to short-readout scans by normalized root-mean-square error (NRMSE), structural similarity index (SSIM), and peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR). Scans were also compared by scoring on eight anatomical features by two radiologists, using analysis of variance with post-hoc Tukey's test. Reader agreement was determined with intraclass correlation. Results: Long-readout scans were on average 59.3% shorter than short-readout scans. Images from Off-ResNet had superior NRMSE, SSIM, and PSNR compared to uncorrected images across +-1kHz off-resonance (P&lt;0.01). The proposed method had superior NRMSE over -677Hz to +1kHz and superior SSIM and PSNR over +-1kHz compared to autofocus (P&lt;0.01). Radiologic scoring demonstrated that long-readout scans corrected with Off-ResNet were non-inferior to short-readout scans (P&lt;0.01). Conclusion: The proposed method can correct off-resonance artifacts from rapid long-readout 3D cones scans to a non-inferior image quality compared to diagnostically standard short-readout scans. 
### 36.How Powerful are Graph Neural Networks?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00826.pdf)
> Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) for representation learning of graphs broadly follow a neighborhood aggregation framework, where the representation vector of a node is computed by recursively aggregating and transforming feature vectors of its neighboring nodes. Many GNN variants have been proposed and have achieved state-of-the-art results on both node and graph classification tasks. However, despite GNNs revolutionizing graph representation learning, there is limited understanding of their representational properties and limitations. Here, we present a theoretical framework for analyzing the expressive power of GNNs in capturing different graph structures. Our results characterize the discriminative power of popular GNN variants, such as Graph Convolutional Networks and GraphSAGE, and show that they cannot learn to distinguish certain simple graph structures. We then develop a simple architecture that is provably the most expressive among the class of GNNs and is as powerful as the Weisfeiler-Lehman graph isomorphism test. We empirically validate our theoretical findings on a number of graph classification benchmarks, and demonstrate that our model achieves state-of-the-art performance. 
### 37.Improving the Generalization of Adversarial Training with Domain  Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00740.pdf)
> By injecting adversarial examples into training data, the adversarial training method is promising for improving the robustness of deep learning models. However, most existing adversarial training approaches are based on a specific type of adversarial attack. It may not provide sufficiently representative samples from the adversarial domain, leading to a weak generalization ability on adversarial examples from other attacks. To scale to large datasets, perturbations on inputs to generate adversarial examples are usually crafted using fast single-step attacks. This work is mainly focused on the adversarial training with the single-step yet efficient FGSM adversary. In this scenario, it is difficult to train a model with great generalization due to the lack of representative adversarial samples, aka the samples are unable to accurately reflect the adversarial domain. To address this problem, we propose a novel Adversarial Training with Domain Adaptation (ATDA) method by regarding the adversarial training with FGSM adversary as a domain adaption task with limited number of target domain samples. The main idea is to learn a representation that is semantically meaningful and domain invariant on the clean domain as well as the adversarial domain. Empirical evaluations demonstrate that ATDA can greatly improve the generalization of adversarial training and achieves state-of-the-art results on standard benchmark datasets. 
### 38.One-Click Annotation with Guided Hierarchical Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00609.pdf)
> The increase in data collection has made data annotation an interesting and valuable task in the contemporary world. This paper presents a new methodology for quickly annotating data using click-supervision and hierarchical object detection. The proposed work is semi-automatic in nature where the task of annotations is split between the human and a neural network. We show that our improved method of annotation reduces the time, cost and mental stress on a human annotator. The research also highlights how our method performs better than the current approach in different circumstances such as variation in number of objects, object size and different datasets. Our approach also proposes a new method of using object detectors making it suitable for data annotation task. The experiment conducted on PASCAL VOC dataset revealed that annotation created from our approach achieves a mAP of 0.995 and a recall of 0.903. The Our Approach has shown an overall improvement by 8.5%, 18.6% in mean average precision and recall score for KITTI and 69.6%, 36% for CITYSCAPES dataset. The proposed framework is 3-4 times faster as compared to the standard annotation method. 
### 39.Generative Adversarial Network for Medical Images (MI-GAN)  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00551.pdf)
> Deep learning algorithms produces state-of-the-art results for different machine learning and computer vision tasks. To perform well on a given task, these algorithms require large dataset for training. However, deep learning algorithms lack generalization and suffer from over-fitting whenever trained on small dataset, especially when one is dealing with medical images. For supervised image analysis in medical imaging, having image data along with their corresponding annotated ground-truths is costly as well as time consuming since annotations of the data is done by medical experts manually. In this paper, we propose a new Generative Adversarial Network for Medical Imaging (MI-GAN). The MI-GAN generates synthetic medical images and their segmented masks, which can then be used for the application of supervised analysis of medical images. Particularly, we present MI-GAN for synthesis of retinal images. The proposed method generates precise segmented images better than the existing techniques. The proposed model achieves a dice coefficient of 0.837 on STARE dataset and 0.832 on DRIVE dataset which is state-of-the-art performance on both the datasets. 
### 40.Few-Shot Goal Inference for Visuomotor Learning and Planning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00482.pdf)
> Reinforcement learning and planning methods require an objective or reward function that encodes the desired behavior. Yet, in practice, there is a wide range of scenarios where an objective is difficult to provide programmatically, such as tasks with visual observations involving unknown object positions or deformable objects. In these cases, prior methods use engineered problem-specific solutions, e.g., by instrumenting the environment with additional sensors to measure a proxy for the objective. Such solutions require a significant engineering effort on a per-task basis, and make it impractical for robots to continuously learn complex skills outside of laboratory settings. We aim to find a more general and scalable solution for specifying goals for robot learning in unconstrained environments. To that end, we formulate the few-shot objective learning problem, where the goal is to learn a task objective from only a few example images of successful end states for that task. We propose a simple solution to this problem: meta-learn a classifier that can recognize new goals from a few examples. We show how this approach can be used with both model-free reinforcement learning and visual model-based planning and show results in three domains: rope manipulation from images in simulation, visual navigation in a simulated 3D environment, and object arrangement into user-specified configurations on a real robot. 
### 41.Deep Learning for End-to-End Atrial Fibrillation Recurrence Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00475.pdf)
> Left atrium shape has been shown to be an independent predictor of recurrence after atrial fibrillation (AF) ablation. Shape-based representation is imperative to such an estimation process, where correspondence-based representation offers the most flexibility and ease-of-computation for population-level shape statistics. Nonetheless, population-level shape representations in the form of image segmentation and correspondence models derived from cardiac MRI require significant human resources with sufficient anatomy-specific expertise. In this paper, we propose a machine learning approach that uses deep networks to estimate AF recurrence by predicting shape descriptors directly from MRI images, with NO image pre-processing involved. We also propose a novel data augmentation scheme to effectively train a deep network in a limited training data setting. We compare this new method of estimating shape descriptors from images with the state-of-the-art correspondence-based shape modeling that requires image segmentation and correspondence optimization. Results show that the proposed method and the current state-of-the-art produce statistically similar outcomes on AF recurrence, eliminating the need for expensive pre-processing pipelines and associated human labor. 
### 42.AgriColMap: Aerial-Ground Collaborative 3D Mapping for Precision Farming  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00457.pdf)
> The combination of aerial survey capabilities of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles with targeted intervention abilities of agricultural Unmanned Ground Vehicles can significantly improve the effectiveness of robotic systems applied to precision agriculture. In this context, building and updating a common map of the field is an essential but challenging task. The maps built using robots of different types show differences in size, resolution and scale, the associated geolocation data may be inaccurate and biased, while the repetitiveness of both visual appearance and geometric structures found within agricultural contexts render classical map merging techniques ineffective. In this paper we propose AgriColMap, a novel map registration pipeline for that leverages a grid-based multi-modal environment representation which includes a vegetation index map and a Digital Surface Model. We cast the data association problem between maps built from UAVs and UGVs as a multi-modal, large displacement dense optical flow estimation. The dominant, coherent flows, selected using a voting scheme, are used as point-to-point correspondences to infer a preliminary non-rigid alignment between the maps. A final refinement is then performed, by exploiting only meaningful parts of the registered maps. We evaluate our system using real world data for 3 fields with different crop species. The results show that our method outperforms several state of the art map registration and matching techniques by a large margin, and has a higher tolerance to large initial misalignments. We release an implementation of the proposed approach along with the acquired datasets with this paper. 
### 43.Modeling Uncertainty with Hedged Instance Embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00319.pdf)
> Instance embeddings are an efficient and versatile image representation that facilitates applications like recognition, verification, retrieval, and clustering. Many metric learning methods represent the input as a single point in the embedding space. Often the distance between points is used as a proxy for match confidence. However, this can fail to represent uncertainty arising when the input is ambiguous, e.g., due to occlusion or blurriness. This work addresses this issue and explicitly models the uncertainty by hedging the location of each input in the embedding space. We introduce the hedged instance embedding (HIB) in which embeddings are modeled as random variables and the model is trained under the variational information bottleneck principle. Empirical results on our new N-digit MNIST dataset show that our method leads to the desired behavior of hedging its bets across the embedding space upon encountering ambiguous inputs. This results in improved performance for image matching and classification tasks, more structure in the learned embedding space, and an ability to compute a per-exemplar uncertainty measure that is correlated with downstream performance. 
### 44.Pulsed Schlieren Imaging of Ultrasonic Haptics and Levitation using  Phased Arrays  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00258.pdf)
> Ultrasonic acoustic fields have recently been used to generate haptic effects on the human skin as well as to levitate small sub-wavelength size particles. Schlieren imaging and background-oriented schlieren techniques can be used for acoustic wave pattern and beam shape visualization. These techniques exploit variations in the refractive index of a propagation medium by applying refractive optics or cross-correlation algorithms of photographs of illuminated background patterns. Here both background-oriented and traditional schlieren systems are used to visualize the regions of the acoustic power involved in creating dynamic haptic sensations and dynamic levitation traps. We demonstrate for the first time the application of back-ground-oriented schlieren for imaging ultrasonic fields in air. We detail our imaging apparatus and present improved algorithms used to visualize these phenomena that we have produced using multiple phased arrays. Moreover, to improve imaging, we leverage an electronically controlled, high-output LED which is pulsed in synchrony with the ultrasonic carrier frequency. 
### 45.Parameter Estimation for the Single-Look $\mathcal{G}^0$ Distribution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00216.pdf)
> The statistical properties of Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) image texture reveals useful target characteristics. It is well-known that these images are affected by speckle, and prone to contamination as double bounce and corner reflectors. The $\mathcal{G}^0$ distribution is flexible enough to model different degrees of texture in speckled data. It is indexed by three parameters: $\alpha$, related to the texture, $\gamma$, a scale parameter, and $L$, the number of looks which is related to the signal-to-noise ratio. Quality estimation of $\alpha$ is essential due to its immediate interpretability. In this article, we compare the behavior of a number of parameter estimation techniques in the noisiest case, namely single look data. We evaluate them using Monte Carlo methods for non-contaminated and contaminated data, considering convergence rate, bias, mean squared error (MSE) and computational cost. The results are verified with simulated and actual SAR images. 
### 46.Modelling Errors in X-ray Fluoroscopic Imaging Systems Using  Photogrammetric Bundle Adjustment With a Data-Driven Self-Calibration  Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00138.pdf)
> X-ray imaging is a fundamental tool of routine clinical diagnosis. Fluoroscopic imaging can further acquire X-ray images at video frame rates, thus enabling non-invasive in-vivo motion studies of joints, gastrointestinal tract, etc. For both the qualitative and quantitative analysis of static and dynamic X-ray images, the data should be free of systematic biases. Besides precise fabrication of hardware, software-based calibration solutions are commonly used for modelling the distortions. In this primary research study, a robust photogrammetric bundle adjustment was used to model the projective geometry of two fluoroscopic X-ray imaging systems. However, instead of relying on an expert photogrammetrist's knowledge and judgement to decide on a parametric model for describing the systematic errors, a self-tuning data-driven approach is used to model the complex non-linear distortion profile of the sensors. Quality control from the experiment showed that 0.06 mm to 0.09 mm 3D reconstruction accuracy was achievable post-calibration using merely 15 X-ray images. As part of the bundle adjustment, the location of the virtual fluoroscopic system relative to the target field can also be spatially resected with an RMSE between 3.10 mm and 3.31 mm. 
### 47.Robot Vision: Calibration of Wide-Angle Lens Cameras Using Collinearity  Condition and K-Nearest Neighbour Regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00128.pdf)
> Visual perception is regularly used by humans and robots for navigation. By either implicitly or explicitly mapping the environment, ego-motion can be determined and a path of actions can be planned. The process of mapping and navigation are delicately intertwined; therefore, improving one can often lead to an improvement of the other. Both processes are sensitive to the interior orientation parameters of the camera system and mathematically modelling these systematic errors can often improve the precision and accuracy of the overall solution. This paper presents an automatic camera calibration method suitable for any lens, without having prior knowledge about the sensor. Statistical inference is performed to map the environment and localize the camera simultaneously. K-nearest neighbour regression is used to model the geometric distortions of the images. A normal-angle lens Nikon camera and wide-angle lens GoPro camera were calibrated using the proposed method, as well as the conventional bundle adjustment with self-calibration method (for comparison). Results showed that the mapping error was reduced from an average of 14.9 mm to 1.2 mm (i.e. a 92% improvement) and 66.6 mm to 1.5 mm (i.e. a 98% improvement) using the proposed method for the Nikon and GoPro cameras, respectively. In contrast, the conventional approach achieved an average 3D error of 0.9 mm (i.e. 94% improvement) and 3.3 mm (i.e. 95% improvement) for the Nikon and GoPro cameras, respectively. Thus, the proposed method performs well irrespective of the lens/sensor used: it yields results that are comparable to the conventional approach for normal-angle lens cameras, and it has the additional benefit of improving calibration results for wide-angle lens cameras. 
### 48.Superimposition-guided Facial Reconstruction from Skull  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00107.pdf)
> We develop a new algorithm to perform facial reconstruction from a given skull. This technique has forensic application in helping the identification of skeletal remains when other information is unavailable. Unlike most existing strategies that directly reconstruct the face from the skull, we utilize a database of portrait photos to create many face candidates, then perform a superimposition to get a well matched face, and then revise it according to the superimposition. To support this pipeline, we build an effective autoencoder for image-based facial reconstruction, and a generative model for constrained face inpainting. Our experiments have demonstrated that the proposed pipeline is stable and accurate. 
