# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 31 Oct 2018
### 1.DropBlock: A regularization method for convolutional networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12890.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks often work well when they are over-parameterized and trained with a massive amount of noise and regularization, such as weight decay and dropout. Although dropout is widely used as a regularization technique for fully connected layers, it is often less effective for convolutional layers. This lack of success of dropout for convolutional layers is perhaps due to the fact that activation units in convolutional layers are spatially correlated so information can still flow through convolutional networks despite dropout. Thus a structured form of dropout is needed to regularize convolutional networks. In this paper, we introduce DropBlock, a form of structured dropout, where units in a contiguous region of a feature map are dropped together. We found that applying DropbBlock in skip connections in addition to the convolution layers increases the accuracy. Also, gradually increasing number of dropped units during training leads to better accuracy and more robust to hyperparameter choices. Extensive experiments show that DropBlock works better than dropout in regularizing convolutional networks. On ImageNet classification, ResNet-50 architecture with DropBlock achieves $78.13\%$ accuracy, which is more than $1.6\%$ improvement on the baseline. On COCO detection, DropBlock improves Average Precision of RetinaNet from $36.8\%$ to $38.4\%$. 
### 2.Image Restoration using Total Variation Regularized Deep Image Prior  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12864.pdf)
>  In the past decade, sparsity-driven regularization has led to significant improvements in image reconstruction. Traditional regularizers, such as total variation (TV), rely on analytical models of sparsity. However, increasingly the field is moving towards trainable models, inspired from deep learning. Deep image prior (DIP) is a recent regularization framework that uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture without data-driven training. This paper extends the DIP framework by combining it with the traditional TV regularization. We show that the inclusion of TV leads to considerable performance gains when tested on several traditional restoration tasks such as image denoising and deblurring. 
### 3.General audio tagging with ensembling convolutional neural network and statistical features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12832.pdf)
>  Audio tagging aims to infer descriptive labels from audio clips. Audio tagging is challenging due to the limited size of data and noisy labels. In this paper, we describe our solution for the DCASE 2018 Task 2 general audio tagging challenge. The contributions of our solution include: We investigated a variety of convolutional neural network architectures to solve the audio tagging task. Statistical features are applied to capture statistical patterns of audio features to improve the classification performance. Ensemble learning is applied to ensemble the outputs from the deep classifiers to utilize complementary information. a sample re-weight strategy is employed for ensemble training to address the noisy label problem. Our system achieves a mean average precision (mAP@3) of 0.958, outperforming the baseline system of 0.704. Our system ranked the 1st and 4th out of 558 submissions in the public and private leaderboard of DCASE 2018 Task 2 challenge. Our codes are available at <a href="https://github.com/Cocoxili/DCASE2018Task2/">this https URL</a>. 
### 4.Cross-Modal Attentional Context Learning for RGB-D Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12829.pdf)
>  Recognizing objects from simultaneously sensed photometric (RGB) and depth channels is a fundamental yet practical problem in many machine vision applications such as robot grasping and autonomous driving. In this paper, we address this problem by developing a Cross-Modal Attentional Context (CMAC) learning framework, which enables the full exploitation of the context information from both RGB and depth data. Compared to existing RGB-D object detection frameworks, our approach has several appealing properties. First, it consists of an attention-based global context model for exploiting adaptive contextual information and incorporating this information into a region-based CNN (e.g., Fast RCNN) framework to achieve improved object detection performance. Second, our CMAC framework further contains a fine-grained object part attention module to harness multiple discriminative object parts inside each possible object region for superior local feature representation. While greatly improving the accuracy of RGB-D object detection, the effective cross-modal information fusion as well as attentional context modeling in our proposed model provide an interpretable visualization scheme. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method significantly improves upon the state of the art on all public benchmarks. 
### 5.Informed Democracy: Voting-based Novelty Detection for Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12819.pdf)
>  Novelty detection is crucial for real-life applications. While it is common in activity recognition to assume a closed-set setting, i.e. test samples are always of training categories, this assumption is impractical in a real-world scenario. Test samples can be of various categories including those never seen before during training. Thus, being able to know what we know and what we do not know is decisive for the model to avoid what can be catastrophic consequences. We present in this work a novel approach for identifying samples of activity classes that are not previously seen by the classifier. Our model employs a voting-based scheme that leverages the estimated uncertainty of the individual classifiers in their predictions to measure the novelty of a new input sample. Furthermore, the voting is privileged to a subset of informed classifiers that can best estimate whether a sample is novel or not when it is classified to a certain known category. In a thorough evaluation on UCF-101 and HMDB-51, we show that our model consistently outperforms state-of-the-art in novelty detection. Additionally, by combining our model with off-the-shelf zero-shot learning (ZSL) approaches, our model leads to a significant improvement in action classification accuracy for the generalized ZSL setting. 
### 6.Encoded Hourglass Network for Semantic Segmentation of High Resolution Aerial Imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12813.pdf)
>  Fully Convolutional Network (FCN) has been widely used in recent work for semantic segmentation of high resolution aerial imagery. However, FCN is poor at extracting multi-scale features and exploiting contextual information. In this paper, we explore stacked encoder-decoder structure which enables repeated bottom-up, top-down inference across various scales and consolidates global and local information of the image. Moreover, we utilize the Context Encoding Module to capture the global contextual semantics of scenes and selectively emphasize or de-emphasize class-dependent featuremaps. Our approach is further enhanced by intermediate supervision on the predictions of multiple decoders and has achieved 87.01% pixel accuracy and 69.78% mIoU on Potsdam test set, which surpasses various baseline models. 
### 7.Visual Re-ranking with Natural Language Understanding for Text Spotting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12738.pdf)
>  Many scene text recognition approaches are based on purely visual information and ignore the semantic relation between scene and text. In this paper, we tackle this problem from natural language processing perspective to fill the gap between language and vision. We propose a post-processing approach to improve scene text recognition accuracy by using occurrence probabilities of words (unigram language model), and the semantic correlation between scene and text. For this, we initially rely on an off-the-shelf deep neural network, already trained with a large amount of data, which provides a series of text hypotheses per input image. These hypotheses are then re-ranked using word frequencies and semantic relatedness with objects or scenes in the image. As a result of this combination, the performance of the original network is boosted with almost no additional cost. We validate our approach on ICDAR&#39;17 dataset. 
### 8.Role of Class-specific Features in Various Classification Frameworks for Human Epithelial (HEp-2) Cell Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12690.pdf)
>  The antinuclear antibody detection with human epithelial cells is a popular approach for autoimmune diseases diagnosis. The manual evaluation demands time, effort and capital, and automation in screening can greatly aid the physicians in these respects. In this work, we employ simple, efficient and visually more interpretable, class-specific features which defined based on the visual characteristics of each class. We believe that defining features with a good visual interpretation, is indeed important in a scenario, where such an approach is used in an interactive CAD system for pathologists. Considering that problem consists of few classes, and our rather simplistic feature definitions, frameworks can be structured as hierarchies of various binary classifiers. These variants include frameworks which are earlier explored and some which are not explored for this task. We perform various experiments which include traditional texture features and demonstrate the effectiveness of class-specific features in various frameworks. We make insightful comparisons between different types of classification frameworks given their silent aspects and pros and cons over each other. We also demonstrate an experiment with only intermediates samples for testing. The proposed work yields encouraging results with respect to the state-of-the-art and highlights the role of class-specific features in different classification frameworks. 
### 9.Hybrid Knowledge Routed Modules for Large-scale Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12681.pdf)
>  The dominant object detection approaches treat the recognition of each region separately and overlook crucial semantic correlations between objects in one scene. This paradigm leads to substantial performance drop when facing heavy long-tail problems, where very few samples are available for rare classes and plenty of confusing categories exists. We exploit diverse human commonsense knowledge for reasoning over large-scale object categories and reaching semantic coherency within one image. Particularly, we present Hybrid Knowledge Routed Modules (HKRM) that incorporates the reasoning routed by two kinds of knowledge forms: an explicit knowledge module for structured constraints that are summarized with linguistic knowledge (e.g. shared attributes, relationships) about concepts; and an implicit knowledge module that depicts some implicit constraints (e.g. common spatial layouts). By functioning over a region-to-region graph, both modules can be individualized and adapted to coordinate with visual patterns in each image, guided by specific knowledge forms. HKRM are light-weight, general-purpose and extensible by easily incorporating multiple knowledge to endow any detection networks the ability of global semantic reasoning. Experiments on large-scale object detection benchmarks show HKRM obtains around 34.5% improvement on VisualGenome (1000 categories) and 30.4% on ADE in terms of mAP. Codes and trained model can be found in <a href="https://github.com/chanyn/HKRM">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Neural Nearest Neighbors Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12575.pdf)
>  Non-local methods exploiting the self-similarity of natural signals have been well studied, for example in image analysis and restoration. Existing approaches, however, rely on k-nearest neighbors (KNN) matching in a fixed feature space. The main hurdle in optimizing this feature space w.r.t. application performance is the non-differentiability of the KNN selection rule. To overcome this, we propose a continuous deterministic relaxation of KNN selection that maintains differentiability w.r.t. pairwise distances, but retains the original KNN as the limit of a temperature parameter approaching zero. To exploit our relaxation, we propose the neural nearest neighbors block (N3 block), a novel non-local processing layer that leverages the principle of self-similarity and can be used as building block in modern neural network architectures. We show its effectiveness for the set reasoning task of correspondence classification as well as for image restoration, including image denoising and single image super-resolution, where we outperform strong convolutional neural network (CNN) baselines and recent non-local models that rely on KNN selection in hand-chosen features spaces. 
### 11.Rain Removal in Traffic Surveillance: Does it Matter?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12574.pdf)
>  Varying weather conditions, including rainfall and snowfall, are generally regarded as a challenge for computer vision algorithms. One proposed solution to the challenges induced by rain and snowfall is to artificially remove the rain from images or video using rain removal algorithms. It is the promise of these algorithms that the rain-removed image frames will improve the performance of subsequent segmentation and tracking algorithms. However, rain removal algorithms are typically evaluated on their ability to remove synthetic rain on a small subset of images. Currently, their behavior is unknown on real-world videos when integrated with a typical computer vision pipeline. In this paper, we review the existing rain removal algorithms and propose a new dataset that consists of 22 traffic surveillance sequences under a broad variety of weather conditions that all include either rain or snowfall. We propose a new evaluation protocol that evaluates the rain removal algorithms on their ability to improve the performance of subsequent segmentation, instance segmentation, and feature tracking algorithms under rain and snow. If successful, the de-rained frames of a rain removal algorithm should improve segmentation performance and increase the number of accurately tracked features. The results show that a recent single-frame-based rain removal algorithm increases the segmentation performance by 19.7% on our proposed dataset, but it eventually decreases the feature tracking performance and showed mixed results with recent instance segmentation methods. However, the best video-based rain removal algorithm improves the feature tracking accuracy by 7.72%. 
### 12.Scale-Invariant Structure Saliency Selection for Fast Image Fusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12553.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a fast yet effective method for pixel-level scale-invariant image fusion in spatial domain based on the scale-space theory. Specifically, we propose a scale-invariant structure saliency selection scheme based on the difference-of-Gaussian (DoG) pyramid of images to build the weights or activity map. Due to the scale-invariant structure saliency selection, our method can keep both details of small size objects and the integrity information of large size objects in images. In addition, our method is very efficient since there are no complex operation involved and easy to be implemented and therefore can be used for fast high resolution images fusion. Experimental results demonstrate the proposed method yields competitive or even better results comparing to state-of-the-art image fusion methods both in terms of visual quality and objective evaluation metrics. Furthermore, the proposed method is very fast and can be used to fuse the high resolution images in real-time. Code is available at <a href="https://github.com/yiqingmy/Fusion">this https URL</a>. 
### 13.3D Traffic Simulation for Autonomous Vehicles in Unity and Python  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12552.pdf)
>  Over the recent years, there has been an explosion of studies on autonomous vehicles. Many collected large amount of data from human drivers. However, compared to the tedious data collection approach, building a virtual simulation of traffic makes the autonomous vehicle research more flexible, time-saving, and scalable. Our work features a 3D simulation that takes in real time position information parsed from street cameras. The simulation can easily switch between a global bird view of the traffic and a local perspective of a car. It can also filter out certain objects in its customized camera, creating various channels for objects of different categories. This provides alternative supervised or unsupervised ways to train deep neural networks. Another advantage of the 3D simulation is its conformation to physical laws. Its naturalness to accelerate and collide prepares the system for potential deep reinforcement learning needs. 
### 14.Gated Hierarchical Attention for Image Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12535.pdf)
>  Attention modules connecting encoder and decoders have been widely applied in the field of object recognition, image captioning, visual question answering and neural machine translation, and significantly improves the performance. In this paper, we propose a bottom-up gated hierarchical attention (GHA) mechanism for image captioning. Our proposed model employs a CNN as the decoder which is able to learn different concepts at different layers, and apparently, different concepts correspond to different areas of an image. Therefore, we develop the GHA in which low-level concepts are merged into high-level concepts and simultaneously low-level attended features pass to the top to make predictions. Our GHA significantly improves the performance of the model that only applies one level attention, for example, the CIDEr score increases from 0.923 to 0.999, which is comparable to the state-of-the-art models that employ attributes boosting and reinforcement learning (RL). We also conduct extensive experiments to analyze the CNN decoder and our proposed GHA, and we find that deeper decoders cannot obtain better performance, and when the convolutional decoder becomes deeper the model is likely to collapse during training. 
### 15.Fully automatic structure from motion with a spline-based environment representation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12532.pdf)
>  While the common environment representation in structure from motion is given by a sparse point cloud, the community has also investigated the use of lines to better enforce the inherent regularities in man-made surroundings. Following the potential of this idea, the present paper introduces a more flexible higher-order extension of points that provides a general model for structural edges in the environment, no matter if straight or curved. Our model relies on linked B¨¦zier curves, the geometric intuition of which proves great benefits during parameter initialization and regularization. We present the first fully automatic pipeline that is able to generate spline-based representations without any human supervision. Besides a full graphical formulation of the problem, we introduce both geometric and photometric cues as well as higher-level concepts such overall curve visibility and viewing angle restrictions to automatically manage the correspondences in the graph. Results prove that curve-based structure from motion with splines is able to outperform state-of-the-art sparse feature-based methods, as well as to model curved edges in the environment. 
### 16.Random Temporal Skipping for Multirate Video Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12522.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art approaches to video understanding adopt temporal jittering to simulate analyzing the video at varying frame rates. However, this does not work well for multirate videos, in which actions or subactions occur at different speeds. The frame sampling rate should vary in accordance with the different motion speeds. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective strategy, termed random temporal skipping, to address this situation. This strategy effectively handles multirate videos by randomizing the sampling rate during training. It is an exhaustive approach, which can potentially cover all motion speed variations. Furthermore, due to the large temporal skipping, our network can see video clips that originally cover over 100 frames. Such a time range is enough to analyze most actions/events. We also introduce an occlusion-aware optical flow learning method that generates improved motion maps for human action recognition. Our framework is end-to-end trainable, runs in real-time, and achieves state-of-the-art performance on six widely adopted video benchmarks. 
### 17.Gated Transfer Network for Transfer Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12521.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have led to a series of breakthroughs in computer vision given sufficient annotated training datasets. For novel tasks with limited labeled data, the prevalent approach is to transfer the knowledge learned in the pre-trained models to the new tasks by fine-tuning. Classic model fine-tuning utilizes the fact that well trained neural networks appear to learn cross domain features. These features are treated equally during transfer learning. In this paper, we explore the impact of feature selection in model fine-tuning by introducing a transfer module, which assigns weights to features extracted from pre-trained models. The proposed transfer module proves the importance of feature selection for transferring models from source to target domains. It is shown to significantly improve upon fine-tuning results with only marginal extra computational cost. We also incorporate an auxiliary classifier as an extra regularizer to avoid over-fitting. Finally, we build a Gated Transfer Network (GTN) based on our transfer module and achieve state-of-the-art results on six different tasks. 
### 18.DeepGRU: Deep Gesture Recognition Utility  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12514.pdf)
>  We introduce DeepGRU, a deep learning based gesture and action recognizer. Our method is deceptively simple, yet versatile for various application scenarios. Using only raw pose and vector data, DeepGRU can achieve high recognition accuracy results regardless of the dataset size, the number of training samples or the choice of the input device. At the heart of our method lies a set of stacked GRUs, two fully connected layers and a global attention model. We demonstrate that in the absence of powerful hardware, and using only the CPU, our method can still be trained in a short period of time, making it suitable for rapid prototyping and development scenarios. We evaluate our proposed method on 7 publicly available datasets, spanning over a broad range of interactions as well as dataset sizes. In most cases, we outperform the state-of-the-art pose-based methods. We achieve a recognition accuracy of 84.9% and 92.3% on cross-subject and cross-view tests of the NTU RGB+D dataset respectively, and also 100% recognition accuracy on the UT-Kinect dataset. 
### 19.Soft Activation Mapping of Lung Nodules in Low-Dose CT images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12494.pdf)
>  As a popular deep learning model, the convolutional neural network (CNN) has produced promising results in analyzing lung nodules and tumors in low-dose CT images. However, this approach still suffers from the lack of labeled data, which is a major challenge for further improvement in the screening and diagnostic performance of CNN. Accurate localization and characterization of nodules provides crucial pathological clues, especially relevant size, attenuation, shape, margins, and growth or stability of lesions, with which the sensitivity and specificity of detection and classification can be increased. To address this challenge, in this paper we develop a soft activation mapping (SAM) to enable fine-grained lesion analysis with a CNN so that it can access rich radiomics features. By combining high-level convolutional features with SAM, we further propose a high-level feature enhancement scheme to localize lesions precisely from multiple CT slices, which helps alleviate overfitting without any additional data augmentation. Experiments on the LIDC-IDRI benchmark dataset indicate that our proposed approach achieves a state-of-the-art predictive performance, reducing the false positive rate. Moreover, the SAM method focuses on irregular margins which are often linked to malignancy. 
### 20.Generating new pictures in complex datasets with a simple neural network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12478.pdf)
>  We introduce a version of a variational auto-encoder (VAE), which can generate good perturbations of images, when trained on a complex dataset (in our experiments, CIFAR-10). The net is using only two latent generative dimensions per class, with uni-modal probability density. The price one has to pay for good generation is that not all training images are well reconstructed. An additional classifier is required to determine which training image is well reconstructed and generally the weights of training images. Only training images which are well reconstructed, can be perturbed. For good perturbations, we use the tentative empirical drifts of well reconstructed images. 
### 21.Geometric Median Shapes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12445.pdf)
>  We present an algorithm to compute the geometric median of shapes which is based on the extension of median to high dimensions. The median finding problem is formulated as an optimization over distances and it is solved directly using the watershed method as an optimizer. We show that computing the geometric median of shapes is robust in the presence of outliers and it is superior to the mean shape which can easily be affected by the presence of outliers. The geometric median shape thus faithfully represents the true central tendency of the data, contaminated or not. Our approach can be applied to manifold and non manifold shapes, with connected or disconnected shapes. The application of distance transforms and watershed algorithm, two well established constructs of image processing, lead to an algorithm that can be quickly implemented to generate fast solutions with linear storage requirements. We demonstrate our methods in synthetic and natural shapes and compare median and mean results under increasing contamination by strong outliers. 
### 22.TallyQA: Answering Complex Counting Questions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12440.pdf)
>  Most counting questions in visual question answering (VQA) datasets are simple and require no more than object detection. Here, we study algorithms for complex counting questions that involve relationships between objects, attribute identification, reasoning, and more. To do this, we created TallyQA, the world&#39;s largest dataset for open-ended counting. We propose a new algorithm for counting that uses relation networks with region proposals. Our method lets relation networks be efficiently used with high-resolution imagery. It yields state-of-the-art results compared to baseline and recent systems on both TallyQA and the HowMany-QA benchmark. 
### 23.Concealing the identity of faces in oblique images with adaptive hopping Gaussian mixtures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12435.pdf)
>  Cameras mounted on Micro Aerial Vehicles (MAVs) are increasingly used for recreational photography. However, aerial photographs of public places often contain faces of bystanders thus leading to a perceived or actual violation of privacy. To address this issue, we propose to pseudo-randomly modify the appearance of face regions in the images using a privacy filter that prevents a human or a face recogniser from inferring the identities of people. The filter, which is applied only when the resolution is high enough for a face to be recognisable, adaptively distorts the face appearance as a function of its resolution. Moreover, the proposed filter locally changes its parameters to discourage attacks that use parameter estimation. The filter exploits both global adaptiveness to reduce distortion and local hopping of the parameters to make their estimation difficult for an attacker. In order to evaluate the efficiency of the proposed approach, we use a state-of-the-art face recognition algorithm and synthetically generated face data with 3D geometric image transformations that mimic faces captured from an MAV at different heights and pitch angles. Experimental results show that the proposed filter protects privacy while reducing distortion and exhibits resilience against attacks. 
### 24.Gather-Excite: Exploiting Feature Context in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12348.pdf)
>  While the use of bottom-up local operators in convolutional neural networks (CNNs) matches well some of the statistics of natural images, it may also prevent such models from capturing contextual long-range feature interactions. In this work, we propose a simple, lightweight approach for better context exploitation in CNNs. We do so by introducing a pair of operators: gather, which efficiently aggregates feature responses from a large spatial extent, and excite, which redistributes the pooled information to local features. The operators are cheap, both in terms of number of added parameters and computational complexity, and can be integrated directly in existing architectures to improve their performance. Experiments on several datasets show that gather-excite can bring benefits comparable to increasing the depth of a CNN at a fraction of the cost. For example, we find ResNet-50 with gather-excite operators is able to outperform its 101-layer counterpart on ImageNet with no additional learnable parameters. We also propose a parametric gather-excite operator pair which yields further performance gains, relate it to the recently-introduced Squeeze-and-Excitation Networks, and analyse the effects of these changes to the CNN feature activation statistics. 
### 25.Reinforcement Learning and Deep Learning based Lateral Control for Autonomous Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12778.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the vision-based autonomous driving with deep learning and reinforcement learning methods. Different from the end-to-end learning method, our method breaks the vision-based lateral control system down into a perception module and a control module. The perception module which is based on a multi-task learning neural network first takes a driver-view image as its input and predicts the track features. The control module which is based on reinforcement learning then makes a control decision based on these features. In order to improve the data efficiency, we propose visual TORCS (VTORCS), a deep reinforcement learning environment which is based on the open racing car simulator (TORCS). By means of the provided functions, one can train an agent with the input of an image or various physical sensor measurement, or evaluate the perception algorithm on this simulator. The trained reinforcement learning controller outperforms the linear quadratic regulator (LQR) controller and model predictive control (MPC) controller on different tracks. The experiments demonstrate that the perception module shows promising performance and the controller is capable of controlling the vehicle drive well along the track center with visual input. 
### 26.Improved Network Robustness with Adversary Critic  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12576.pdf)
>  Ideally, what confuses neural network should be confusing to humans. However, recent experiments have shown that small, imperceptible perturbations can change the network prediction. To address this gap in perception, we propose a novel approach for learning robust classifier. Our main idea is: adversarial examples for the robust classifier should be indistinguishable from the regular data of the adversarial target. We formulate a problem of learning robust classifier in the framework of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), where the adversarial attack on classifier acts as a generator, and the critic network learns to distinguish between regular and adversarial images. The classifier cost is augmented with the objective that its adversarial examples should confuse the adversary critic. To improve the stability of the adversarial mapping, we introduce adversarial cycle-consistency constraint which ensures that the adversarial mapping of the adversarial examples is close to the original. In the experiments, we show the effectiveness of our defense. Our method surpasses in terms of robustness networks trained with adversarial training. Additionally, we verify in the experiments with human annotators on MTurk that adversarial examples are indeed visually confusing. Codes for the project are available at <a href="https://github.com/aam-at/adversary_critic">this https URL</a>. 
### 27.Nonlinear Prediction of Multidimensional Signals via Deep Regression with Applications to Image Coding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12568.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (DCNN) have enjoyed great successes in many signal processing applications because they can learn complex, non-linear causal relationships from input to output. In this light, DCNNs are well suited for the task of sequential prediction of multidimensional signals, such as images, and have the potential of improving the performance of traditional linear predictors. In this research we investigate how far DCNNs can push the envelop in terms of prediction precision. We propose, in a case study, a two-stage deep regression DCNN framework for nonlinear prediction of two-dimensional image signals. In the first-stage regression, the proposed deep prediction network (PredNet) takes the causal context as input and emits a prediction of the present pixel. Three PredNets are trained with the regression objectives of minimizing $\ell_1$, $\ell_2$ and $\ell_\infty$ norms of prediction residuals, respectively. The second-stage regression combines the outputs of the three PredNets to generate an even more precise and robust prediction. The proposed deep regression model is applied to lossless predictive image coding, and it outperforms the state-of-the-art linear predictors by appreciable margin. 
### 28.Shorten Spatial-spectral RNN with Parallel-GRU for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12563.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) attained a good performance in hyperspectral sensing image (HSI) classification, but CNNs consider spectra as orderless vectors. Therefore, considering the spectra as sequences, recurrent neural networks (RNNs) have been applied in HSI classification, for RNNs is skilled at dealing with sequential data. However, for a long-sequence task, RNNs is difficult for training and not as effective as we expected. Besides, spatial contextual features are not considered in RNNs. In this study, we propose a Shorten Spatial-spectral RNN with Parallel-GRU (St-SS-pGRU) for HSI classification. A shorten RNN is more efficient and easier for training than band-by-band RNN. By combining converlusion layer, the St-SSpGRU model considers not only spectral but also spatial feature, which results in a better performance. An architecture named parallel-GRU is also proposed and applied in St-SS-pGRU. With this architecture, the model gets a better performance and is more robust. 
### 29.Re-evaluating Continual Learning Scenarios: A Categorization and Case for Strong Baselines  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12488.pdf)
>  Continual learning has received a great deal of attention recently with several approaches being proposed. However, evaluations involve a diverse set of scenarios making meaningful comparison difficult. This work provides a systematic categorization of the scenarios and evaluates them within a consistent framework including strong baselines and state-of-the-art methods. The results provide an understanding of the relative difficulty of the scenarios and that simple baselines (Adagrad, L2 regularization, and naive rehearsal strategies) can surprisingly achieve similar performance to current mainstream methods. We conclude with several suggestions for creating harder evaluation scenarios and future research directions. 
### 30.Incremental Learning for Semantic Segmentation of Large-Scale Remote Sensing Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12448.pdf)
>  In spite of remarkable success of the convolutional neural networks on semantic segmentation, they suffer from catastrophic forgetting: a significant performance drop for the already learned classes when new classes are added on the data, having no annotations for the old classes. We propose an incremental learning methodology, enabling to learn segmenting new classes without hindering dense labeling abilities for the previous classes, although the entire previous data are not accessible. The key points of the proposed approach are adapting the network to learn new as well as old classes on the new training data, and allowing it to remember the previously learned information for the old classes. For adaptation, we keep a frozen copy of the previously trained network, which is used as a memory for the updated network in absence of annotations for the former classes. The updated network minimizes a loss function, which balances the discrepancy between outputs for the previous classes from the memory and updated networks, and the mis-classification rate between outputs for the new classes from the updated network and the new ground-truth. For remembering, we either regularly feed samples from the stored, little fraction of the previous data or use the memory network, depending on whether the new data are collected from completely different geographic areas or from the same city. Our experimental results prove that it is possible to add new classes to the network, while maintaining its performance for the previous classes, despite the whole previous training data are not available. 
### 31.Do Explanations make VQA Models more Predictable to a Human?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.12366.pdf)
>  A rich line of research attempts to make deep neural networks more transparent by generating human-interpretable &#39;explanations&#39; of their decision process, especially for interactive tasks like Visual Question Answering (VQA). In this work, we analyze if existing explanations indeed make a VQA model -- its responses as well as failures -- more predictable to a human. Surprisingly, we find that they do not. On the other hand, we find that human-in-the-loop approaches that treat the model as a black-box do. 
