# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 12 Oct 2018
### 1.Crack-pot: Autonomous Road Crack and Pothole Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05107.pdf)
> With the advent of self-driving cars and autonomous robots, it is imperative to detect road impairments like cracks and potholes and to perform necessary evading maneuvers to ensure fluid journey for on-board passengers or equipment. We propose a fully autonomous robust real-time road crack and pothole detection algorithm which can be deployed on any GPU based conventional processing boards with an associated camera. The approach is based on a deep neural net architecture which detects cracks and potholes using texture and spatial features. We also propose pre-processing methods which ensure real-time performance. The novelty of the approach lies in using texture- based features to differentiate between crack surfaces and sound roads. The approach performs well in large viewpoint changes, background noise, shadows, and occlusion. The efficacy of the system is shown on standard road crack datasets. 
### 2.Person Retrieval in Surveillance Video using Height, Color and Gender  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05080.pdf)
> A person is commonly described by attributes like height, build, cloth color, cloth type, and gender. Such attributes are known as soft biometrics. They bridge the semantic gap between human description and person retrieval in surveillance video. The paper proposes a deep learning-based linear filtering approach for person retrieval using height, cloth color, and gender. The proposed approach uses Mask R-CNN for pixel-wise person segmentation. It removes background clutter and provides precise boundary around the person. Color and gender models are fine-tuned using AlexNet and the algorithm is tested on SoftBioSearch dataset. It achieves good accuracy for person retrieval using the semantic query in challenging conditions. 
### 3.Deep Learning for Image Denoising: A Survey  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05052.pdf)
> Since the proposal of big data analysis and Graphic Processing Unit (GPU), the deep learning technology has received a great deal of attention and has been widely applied in the field of imaging processing. In this paper, we have an aim to completely review and summarize the deep learning technologies for image denoising proposed in recent years. Morever, we systematically analyze the conventional machine learning methods for image denoising. Finally, we point out some research directions for the deep learning technologies in image denoising. 
### 4.ISA$^2$: Intelligent Speed Adaptation from Appearance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05016.pdf)
> In this work we introduce a new problem named Intelligent Speed Adaptation from Appearance (ISA$^2$). Technically, the goal of an ISA$^2$ model is to predict for a given image of a driving scenario the proper speed of the vehicle. Note this problem is different from predicting the actual speed of the vehicle. It defines a novel regression problem where the appearance information has to be directly mapped to get a prediction for the speed at which the vehicle should go, taking into account the traffic situation. First, we release a novel dataset for the new problem, where multiple driving video sequences, with the annotated adequate speed per frame, are provided. We then introduce two deep learning based ISA$^2$ models, which are trained to perform the final regression of the proper speed given a test image. We end with a thorough experimental validation where the results show the level of difficulty of the proposed task. The dataset and the proposed models will all be made publicly available to encourage much needed further research on this problem. 
### 5.SingleGAN: Image-to-Image Translation by a Single-Generator Network  using Multiple Generative Adversarial Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04991.pdf)
> Image translation is a burgeoning field in computer vision where the goal is to learn the mapping between an input image and an output image. However, most recent methods require multiple generators for modeling different domain mappings, which are inefficient and ineffective on some multi-domain image translation tasks. In this paper, we propose a novel method, SingleGAN, to perform multi-domain image-to-image translations with a single generator. We introduce the domain code to explicitly control the different generative tasks and integrate multiple optimization goals to ensure the translation. Experimental results on several unpaired datasets show superior performance of our model in translation between two domains. Besides, we explore variants of SingleGAN for different tasks, including one-to-many domain translation, many-to-many domain translation and one-to-one domain translation with multimodality. The extended experiments show the universality and extensibility of our model. 
### 6.Globally Continuous and Non-Markovian Activity Analysis from Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04954.pdf)
> Automatically recognizing activities in video is a classic problem in vision and helps to understand behaviors, describe scenes and detect anomalies. We propose an unsupervised method for such purposes. Given video data, we discover recurring activity patterns that appear, peak, wane and disappear over time. By using non-parametric Bayesian methods, we learn coupled spatial and temporal patterns with minimum prior knowledge. To model the temporal changes of patterns, previous works compute Markovian progressions or locally continuous motifs whereas we model time in a globally continuous and non-Markovian way. Visually, the patterns depict flows of major activities. Temporally, each pattern has its own unique appearance-disappearance cycles. To compute compact pattern representations, we also propose a hybrid sampling method. By combining these patterns with detailed environment information, we interpret the semantics of activities and report anomalies. Also, our method fits data better and detects anomalies that were difficult to detect previously. 
### 7.Location Dependency in Video Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04937.pdf)
> Deep convolutional neural networks are used to address many computer vision problems, including video prediction. The task of video prediction requires analyzing the video frames, temporally and spatially, and constructing a model of how the environment evolves. Convolutional neural networks are spatially invariant, though, which prevents them from modeling location-dependent patterns. In this work, the authors propose location-biased convolutional layers to overcome this limitation. The effectiveness of location bias is evaluated on two architectures: Video Ladder Network (VLN) and Convolutional redictive Gating Pyramid (Conv-PGP). The results indicate that encoding location-dependent features is crucial for the task of video prediction. Our proposed methods significantly outperform spatially invariant models. 
### 8.VIPL-HR: A Multi-modal Database for Pulse Estimation from  Less-constrained Face Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04927.pdf)
> Heart rate (HR) is an important physiological signal that reflects the physical and emotional activities of humans. Traditional HR measurements are mainly based on contact monitors, which are inconvenient and may cause discomfort for the subjects. Recently, methods have been proposed for remote HR estimation from face videos. However, most of the existing methods focus on well-controlled scenarios, their generalization ability into less-constrained scenarios are not known. At the same time, lacking large-scale databases has limited the use of deep representation learning methods in remote HR estimation. In this paper, we introduce a large-scale multi-modal HR database (named as VIPL-HR), which contains 2,451 visible light videos (VIS) and 752 near-infrared (NIR) videos of 107 subjects. Our VIPL-HR database also contains various variations such as head movements, illumination variations, and acquisition device changes. We also learn a deep HR estimator (named as RhythmNet) with the proposed spatial-temporal representation, which achieves promising results on both the public-domain and our VIPL-HR HR estimation databases. We would like to put the VIPL-HR database into the public domain. 
### 9.Perfusion parameter estimation using neural networks and data  augmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04898.pdf)
> Perfusion imaging plays a crucial role in acute stroke diagnosis and treatment decision making. Current perfusion analysis relies on deconvolution of the measured signals, an operation that is mathematically ill-conditioned and requires strong regularization. We propose a neural network and a data augmentation approach to predict perfusion parameters directly from the native measurements. A comparison on simulated CT Perfusion data shows that the neural network provides better estimations for both CBF and Tmax than a state of the art deconvolution method, and this over a wide range of noise levels. The proposed data augmentation enables to achieve these results with less than 100 datasets. 
### 10.Dense Object Reconstruction from RGBD Images with Embedded Deep Shape  Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04891.pdf)
> Most problems involving simultaneous localization and mapping can nowadays be solved using one of two fundamentally different approaches. The traditional approach is given by a least-squares objective, which minimizes many local photometric or geometric residuals over explicitly parametrized structure and camera parameters. Unmodeled effects violating the lambertian surface assumption or geometric invariances of individual residuals are encountered through statistical averaging or the addition of robust kernels and smoothness terms. Aiming at more accurate measurement models and the inclusion of higher-order shape priors, the community more recently shifted its attention to deep end-to-end models for solving geometric localization and mapping problems. However, at test-time, these feed-forward models ignore the more traditional geometric or photometric consistency terms, thus leading to a low ability to recover fine details and potentially complete failure in corner case scenarios. With an application to dense object modeling from RGBD images, our work aims at taking the best of both worlds by embedding modern higher-order object shape priors into classical iterative residual minimization objectives. We demonstrate a general ability to improve mapping accuracy with respect to each modality alone, and present a successful application to real data. 
### 11.Monitoring spatial sustainable development: Semi-automated analysis of  satellite and aerial images for energy transition and sustainability  indicators  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04881.pdf)
> Solar panels are installed by a large and growing number of households due to the convenience of having cheap and renewable energy to power house appliances. In contrast to other energy sources solar installations are distributed very decentralized and spread over hundred-thousands of locations. On a global level more than 25% of solar photovoltaic (PV) installations were decentralized. The effect of the quick energy transition from a carbon based economy to a green economy is though still very difficult to quantify. As a matter of fact the quick adoption of solar panels by households is difficult to track, with local registries that miss a large number of the newly built solar panels. This makes the task of assessing the impact of renewable energies an impossible task. Although models of the output of a region exist, they are often black box estimations. This project's aim is twofold: First automate the process to extract the location of solar panels from aerial or satellite images and second, produce a map of solar panels along with statistics on the number of solar panels. Further, this project takes place in a wider framework which investigates how official statistics can benefit from new digital data sources. At project completion, a method for detecting solar panels from aerial images via machine learning will be developed and the methodology initially developed for BE, DE and NL will be standardized for application to other EU countries. In practice, machine learning techniques are used to identify solar panels in satellite and aerial images for the province of Limburg (NL), Flanders (BE) and North Rhine-Westphalia (DE). 
### 12.Deep Bi-Dense Networks for Image Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04873.pdf)
> This paper proposes Deep Bi-Dense Networks (DBDN) for single image super-resolution. Our approach extends previous intra-block dense connection approaches by including novel inter-block dense connections. In this way, feature information propagates from a single dense block to all subsequent blocks, instead of to a single successor. To build a DBDN, we firstly construct intra-dense blocks, which extract and compress abundant local features via densely connected convolutional layers and compression layers for further feature learning. Then, we use an inter-block dense net to connect intra-dense blocks, which allow each intra-dense block propagates its own local features to all successors. Additionally, our bi-dense construction connects each block to the output, alleviating the vanishing gradient problems in training. The evaluation of our proposed method on five benchmark datasets shows that our DBDN outperforms the state of the art in SISR with a moderate number of network parameters. 
### 13.Deep Recurrent Level Set for Segmenting Brain Tumors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04752.pdf)
> Variational Level Set (VLS) has been a widely used method in medical segmentation. However, segmentation accuracy in the VLS method dramatically decreases when dealing with intervening factors such as lighting, shadows, colors, etc. Additionally, results are quite sensitive to initial settings and are highly dependent on the number of iterations. In order to address these limitations, the proposed method incorporates VLS into deep learning by defining a novel end-to-end trainable model called as Deep Recurrent Level Set (DRLS). The proposed DRLS consists of three layers, i.e, Convolutional layers, Deconvolutional layers with skip connections and LevelSet layers. Brain tumor segmentation is taken as an instant to illustrate the performance of the proposed DRLS. Convolutional layer learns visual representation of brain tumor at different scales. Since brain tumors occupy a small portion of the image, deconvolutional layers are designed with skip connections to obtain a high quality feature map. Level-Set Layer drives the contour towards the brain tumor. In each step, the Convolutional Layer is fed with the LevelSet map to obtain a brain tumor feature map. This in turn serves as input for the LevelSet layer in the next step. The experimental results have been obtained on BRATS2013, BRATS2015 and BRATS2017 datasets. The proposed DRLS model improves both computational time and segmentation accuracy when compared to the the classic VLS-based method. Additionally, a fully end-to-end system DRLS achieves state-of-the-art segmentation on brain tumors. 
### 14.On the Brain Networks of Complex Problem Solving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05077.pdf)
> Complex problem solving is a high level cognitive process which has been thoroughly studied over the last decade. The Tower of London (TOL) is a task that has been widely used to study problem-solving. In this study, we aim to explore the underlying cognitive network dynamics among anatomical regions of complex problem solving and its sub-phases, namely planning and execution. A new brain network construction model establishing dynamic functional brain networks using fMRI is proposed. The first step of the model is a preprocessing pipeline that manages to decrease the spatial redundancy while increasing the temporal resolution of the fMRI recordings. Then, dynamic brain networks are estimated using artificial neural networks. The network properties of the estimated brain networks are studied in order to identify regions of interest, such as hubs and subgroups of densely connected brain regions. The major similarities and dissimilarities of the network structure of planning and execution phases are highlighted. Our findings show the hubs and clusters of densely interconnected regions during both subtasks. It is observed that there are more hubs during the planning phase compared to the execution phase, and the clusters are more strongly connected during planning compared to execution. 
### 15.One-Shot High-Fidelity Imitation: Training Large-Scale Deep Nets with RL  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05017.pdf)
> Humans are experts at high-fidelity imitation -- closely mimicking a demonstration, often in one attempt. Humans use this ability to quickly solve a task instance, and to bootstrap learning of new tasks. Achieving these abilities in autonomous agents is an open problem. In this paper, we introduce an off-policy RL algorithm (MetaMimic) to narrow this gap. MetaMimic can learn both (i) policies for high-fidelity one-shot imitation of diverse novel skills, and (ii) policies that enable the agent to solve tasks more efficiently than the demonstrators. MetaMimic relies on the principle of storing all experiences in a memory and replaying these to learn massive deep neural network policies by off-policy RL. This paper introduces, to the best of our knowledge, the largest existing neural networks for deep RL and shows that larger networks with normalization are needed to achieve one-shot high-fidelity imitation on a challenging manipulation task. The results also show that both types of policy can be learned from vision, in spite of the task rewards being sparse, and without access to demonstrator actions. 
### 16.Online Visual Robot Tracking and Identification using Deep LSTM Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04941.pdf)
> Collaborative robots working on a common task are necessary for many applications. One of the challenges for achieving collaboration in a team of robots is mutual tracking and identification. We present a novel pipeline for online visionbased detection, tracking and identification of robots with a known and identical appearance. Our method runs in realtime on the limited hardware of the observer robot. Unlike previous works addressing robot tracking and identification, we use a data-driven approach based on recurrent neural networks to learn relations between sequential inputs and outputs. We formulate the data association problem as multiple classification problems. A deep LSTM network was trained on a simulated dataset and fine-tuned on small set of real data. Experiments on two challenging datasets, one synthetic and one real, which include long-term occlusions, show promising results. 
### 17.MOANOFS: Multi-Objective Automated Negotiation based Online Feature  Selection System for Big Data Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04903.pdf)
> Feature Selection (FS) plays an important role in learning and classification tasks. The object of FS is to select the relevant and non-redundant features. Considering the huge amount number of features in real-world applications, FS methods using batch learning technique can't resolve big data problem especially when data arrive sequentially. In this paper, we propose an online feature selection system which resolves this problem. More specifically, we treat the problem of online supervised feature selection for binary classification as a decision-making problem. A philosophical vision to this problem leads to a hybridization between two important domains: feature selection using online learning technique (OFS) and automated negotiation (AN). The proposed OFS system called MOANOFS (Multi-Objective Automated Negotiation based Online Feature Selection) uses two levels of decision. In the first level, from n learners (or OFS methods), we decide which are the k trustful ones (with high confidence or trust value). These elected k learners will participate in the second level. In this level, we integrate our proposed Multilateral Automated Negotiation based OFS (MANOFS) method to decide finally which is the best solution or which are relevant features. We show that MOANOFS system is applicable to different domains successfully and achieves high accuracy with several real-world applications. <br />Index Terms: Feature selection, online learning, multi-objective automated negotiation, trust, classification, big data. 
### 18.Generating Shared Latent Variables for Robots to Imitate Human Movements  and Understand their Physical Limitations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04879.pdf)
> Assistive robotics and particularly robot coaches may be very helpful for rehabilitation healthcare. In this context, we propose a method based on Gaussian Process Latent Variable Model (GP-LVM) to transfer knowledge between a physiotherapist, a robot coach and a patient. Our model is able to map visual human body features to robot data in order to facilitate the robot learning and imitation. In addition , we propose to extend the model to adapt robots' understanding to patient's physical limitations during the assessment of rehabilitation exercises. Experimental evaluation demonstrates promising results for both robot imitation and model adaptation according to the patients' limitations. 
### 19.A Data-Efficient Framework for Training and Sim-to-Real Transfer of  Navigation Policies  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04871.pdf)
> Learning effective visuomotor policies for robots purely from data is challenging, but also appealing since a learning-based system should not require manual tuning or calibration. In the case of a robot operating in a real environment the training process can be costly, time-consuming, and even dangerous since failures are common at the start of training. For this reason, it is desirable to be able to leverage \textit{simulation} and \textit{off-policy} data to the extent possible to train the robot. In this work, we introduce a robust framework that plans in simulation and transfers well to the real environment. Our model incorporates a gradient-descent based planning module, which, given the initial image and goal image, encodes the images to a lower dimensional latent state and plans a trajectory to reach the goal. The model, consisting of the encoder and planner modules, is trained through a meta-learning strategy in simulation first. We subsequently perform adversarial domain transfer on the encoder by using a bank of unlabelled but random images from the simulation and real environments to enable the encoder to map images from the real and simulated environments to a similarly distributed latent representation. By fine tuning the entire model (encoder + planner) with far fewer real world expert demonstrations, we show successful planning performances in different navigation tasks. 
### 20.Deep Inertial Poser: Learning to Reconstruct Human Pose from Sparse  Inertial Measurements in Real Time  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.04703.pdf)
> We demonstrate a novel deep neural network capable of reconstructing human full body pose in real-time from 6 Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs) worn on the user's body. In doing so, we address several difficult challenges. First, the problem is severely under-constrained as multiple pose parameters produce the same IMU orientations. Second, capturing IMU data in conjunction with ground-truth poses is expensive and difficult to do in many target application scenarios (e.g., outdoors). Third, modeling temporal dependencies through non-linear optimization has proven effective in prior work but makes real-time prediction infeasible. To address this important limitation, we learn the temporal pose priors using deep learning. To learn from sufficient data, we synthesize IMU data from motion capture datasets. A bi-directional RNN architecture leverages past and future information that is available at training time. At test time, we deploy the network in a sliding window fashion, retaining real time capabilities. To evaluate our method, we recorded DIP-IMU, a dataset consisting of $10$ subjects wearing 17 IMUs for validation in $64$ sequences with $330\,000$ time instants; this constitutes the largest IMU dataset publicly available. We quantitatively evaluate our approach on multiple datasets and show results from a real-time implementation. DIP-IMU and the code are available for research purposes. 
