# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 17 Oct 2018
### 1.Salient Object Detection in Video using Deep Non-Local Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07097.pdf)
> Detection of salient objects in image and video is of great importance in many computer vision applications. In spite of the fact that the state of the art in saliency detection for still images has been changed substantially over the last few years, there have been few improvements in video saliency detection. This paper investigates the use of recently introduced non-local neural networks in video salient object detection. Non-local neural networks are applied to capture global dependencies and hence determine the salient objects. The effect of non-local operations is studied separately on static and dynamic saliency detection in order to exploit both appearance and motion features. A novel deep non-local neural network architecture is introduced for video salient object detection and tested on two well-known datasets DAVIS and FBMS. The experimental results show that the proposed algorithm outperforms state-of-the-art video saliency detection methods. 
### 2.A Comparison of 1-D and 2-D Deep Convolutional Neural Networks in ECG  Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07088.pdf)
> Effective detection of arrhythmia is an important task in the remote monitoring of electrocardiogram (ECG). The traditional ECG recognition depends on the judgment of the clinicians' experience, but the results suffer from the probability of human error due to the fatigue. To solve this problem, an ECG signal classification method based on the images is presented to classify ECG signals into normal and abnormal beats by using two-dimensional convolutional neural networks (2D-CNNs). First, we compare the accuracy and robustness between one-dimensional ECG signal input method and two-dimensional image input method in AlexNet network. Then, in order to alleviate the overfitting problem in two-dimensional network, we initialize AlexNet-like network with weights trained on ImageNet, to fit the training ECG images and fine-tune the model, and to further improve the accuracy and robustness of ECG classification. The performance evaluated on the MIT-BIH arrhythmia database demonstrates that the proposed method can achieve the accuracy of 98% and maintain high accuracy within SNR range from 20 dB to 35 dB. The experiment shows that the 2D-CNNs initialized with AlexNet weights performs better than one-dimensional signal method without a large-scale dataset. 
### 3.A Multi-stage Framework with Context Information Fusion Structure for  Skin Lesion Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07075.pdf)
> The computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) systems can highly improve the reliability and efficiency of melanoma recognition. As a crucial step of CAD, skin lesion segmentation has the unsatisfactory accuracy in existing methods due to large variability in lesion appearance and artifacts. In this work, we propose a framework employing multi-stage UNets (MS-UNet) in the auto-context scheme to segment skin lesion accurately end-to-end. We apply two approaches to boost the performance of MS-UNet. First, UNet is coupled with a context information fusion structure (CIFS) to integrate the low-level and context information in the multi-scale feature space. Second, to alleviate the gradient vanishing problem, we use deep supervision mechanism through supervising MS-UNet by minimizing a weighted Jaccard distance loss function. Four out of five commonly used performance metrics, including Jaccard index and Dice coefficient, show that our approach outperforms the state-ofthe-art deep learning based methods on the ISBI 2016 Skin Lesion Challenge dataset. 
### 4.Generating Self-Guided Dense Annotations for Weakly Supervised Semantic  Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07050.pdf)
> Learning semantic segmentation models under image-level supervision is far more challenging than under fully supervised setting. Without knowing the exact pixel-label correspondence, most weakly-supervised methods rely on external models to infer pseudo pixel-level labels for training semantic segmentation models. In this paper, we aim to develop a single neural network without resorting to any external models. We propose a novel self-guided strategy to fully utilize features learned across multiple levels to progressively generate the dense pseudo labels. First, we use high-level features as class-specific localization maps to roughly locate the classes. Next, we propose an affinity-guided method to encourage each localization map to be consistent with their intermediate level features. Third, we adopt the training image itself as guidance and propose a self-guided refinement to further transfer the image's inherent structure into the maps. Finally, we derive pseudo pixel-level labels from these localization maps and use the pseudo labels as ground truth to train the semantic segmentation model. Our proposed self-guided strategy is a unified framework, which is built on a single network and alternatively updates the feature representation and refines localization maps during the training procedure. Experimental results on PASCAL VOC 2012 segmentation benchmark demonstrate that our method outperforms other weakly-supervised methods under the same setting. 
### 5.Learning Inward Scaled Hypersphere Embedding: Exploring Projections in  Higher Dimensions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07037.pdf)
> Majority of the current dimensionality reduction or retrieval techniques rely on embedding the learned feature representations onto a computable metric space. Once the learned features are mapped, a distance metric aids the bridging of gaps between similar instances. Since the scaled projection is not exploited in these methods, discriminative embedding onto a hyperspace becomes a challenge. In this paper, we propose to inwardly scale feature representations in proportional to projecting them onto a hypersphere manifold for discriminative analysis. We further propose a novel, yet simpler, convolutional neural network based architecture and extensively evaluate the proposed methodology in the context of classification and retrieval tasks obtaining results comparable to state-of-the-art techniques. 
### 6.Dense Multi-path U-Net for Ischemic Stroke Lesion Segmentation in  Multiple Image Modalities  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07003.pdf)
> Delineating infarcted tissue in ischemic stroke lesions is crucial to determine the extend of damage and optimal treatment for this life-threatening condition. However, this problem remains challenging due to high variability of ischemic strokes' location and shape. Recently, fully-convolutional neural networks (CNN), in particular those based on U-Net, have led to improved performances for this task. In this work, we propose a novel architecture that improves standard U-Net based methods in three important ways. First, instead of combining the available image modalities at the input, each of them is processed in a different path to better exploit their unique information. Moreover, the network is densely-connected (i.e., each layer is connected to all following layers), both within each path and across different paths, similar to HyperDenseNet. This gives our model the freedom to learn the scale at which modalities should be processed and combined. Finally, inspired by the Inception architecture, we improve standard U-Net modules by extending inception modules with two convolutional blocks with dilated convolutions of different scale. This helps handling the variability in lesion sizes. We split the 93 stroke datasets into training and validation sets containing 83 and 9 examples respectively. Our network was trained on a NVidia TITAN XP GPU with 16 GBs RAM, using ADAM as optimizer and a learning rate of 1$\times$10$^{-5}$ during 200 epochs. Training took around 5 hours and segmentation of a whole volume took between 0.2 and 2 seconds, as average. The performance on the test set obtained by our method is compared to several baselines, to demonstrate the effectiveness of our architecture, and to a state-of-art architecture that employs factorized dilated convolutions, i.e., ERFNet. 
### 7.SCPNet: Spatial-Channel Parallelism Network for Joint Holistic and  Partial Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06996.pdf)
> Holistic person re-identification (ReID) has received extensive study in the past few years and achieves impressive progress. However, persons are often occluded by obstacles or other persons in practical scenarios, which makes partial person re-identification non-trivial. In this paper, we propose a spatial-channel parallelism network (SCPNet) in which each channel in the ReID feature pays attention to a given spatial part of the body. The spatial-channel corresponding relationship supervises the network to learn discriminative feature for both holistic and partial person re-identification. The single model trained on four holistic ReID datasets achieves competitive accuracy on these four datasets, as well as outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on two partial ReID datasets without training. 
### 8.LRW-1000: A Naturally-Distributed Large-Scale Benchmark for Lip Reading  in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06990.pdf)
> Large-scale datasets have successively proven their fundamental importance in several research fields, especially for early progress in some emerging topics. In this paper, we focus on the problem of visual speech recognition, also known as lipreading, which has received an increasing interest in recent years. We present a naturally-distributed large-scale benchmark for lip reading in the wild, named LRW-1000, which contains 1000 classes with about 745,187 samples from more than 2000 individual speakers. Each class corresponds to the syllables of a Mandarin word which is composed of one or several Chinese characters. To the best of our knowledge, it is the largest word-level lipreading dataset and also the only public large-scale Mandarin lipreading dataset. This dataset aims at covering a "natural" variability over different speech modes and imaging conditions to incorporate challenges encountered in practical applications. This benchmark shows a large variation over several aspects, including the number of samples in each class, resolution of videos, lighting conditions, and speakers' attributes such as pose, age, gender, and make-up. Besides a detailed description of the dataset and its collection pipeline, we evaluate the popular lipreading methods and perform a thorough analysis of the results from several aspects. The results demonstrate the consistency and challenges of our dataset, which may open up some new promising directions for future work. The dataset and corresponding codes will be available on the web for research use. 
### 9.Deep Metric Learning with Hierarchical Triplet Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06951.pdf)
> We present a novel hierarchical triplet loss (HTL) capable of automatically collecting informative training samples (triplets) via a defined hierarchical tree that encodes global context information. This allows us to cope with the main limitation of random sampling in training a conventional triplet loss, which is a central issue for deep metric learning. Our main contributions are two-fold. (i) we construct a hierarchical class-level tree where neighboring classes are merged recursively. The hierarchical structure naturally captures the intrinsic data distribution over the whole database. (ii) we formulate the problem of triplet collection by introducing a new violate margin, which is computed dynamically based on the designed hierarchical tree. This allows it to automatically select meaningful hard samples with the guide of global context. It encourages the model to learn more discriminative features from visual similar classes, leading to faster convergence and better performance. Our method is evaluated on the tasks of image retrieval and face recognition, where it outperforms the standard triplet loss substantially by 1%-18%. It achieves new state-of-the-art performance on a number of benchmarks, with much fewer learning iterations. 
### 10.Channel Attention and Multi-level Features Fusion for Single Image  Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06935.pdf)
> Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated superior performance in super-resolution (SR). However, most CNN-based SR methods neglect the different importance among feature channels or fail to take full advantage of the hierarchical features. To address these issues, this paper presents a novel recursive unit. Firstly, at the beginning of each unit, we adopt a compact channel attention mechanism to adaptively recalibrate the channel importance of input features. Then, the multi-level features, rather than only deep-level features, are extracted and fused. Additionally, we find that it will force our model to learn more details by using the learnable upsampling method (i.e., transposed convolution) only on residual branch (instead of using it both on residual branch and identity branch) while using the bicubic interpolation on the other branch. Analytic experiments show that our method achieves competitive results compared with the state-of-the-art methods and maintains faster speed as well. 
### 11.CNN-based Preprocessing to Optimize Watershed-based Cell Segmentation in  3D Confocal Microscopy Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06933.pdf)
> The quantitative analysis of cellular membranes helps understanding developmental processes at the cellular level. Particularly 3D microscopic image data offers valuable insights into cell dynamics, but error-free automatic segmentation remains challenging due to the huge amount of data generated and strong variations in image intensities. In this paper, we propose a new 3D segmentation approach which combines the discriminative power of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for preprocessing and investigates the performance of three watershed-based postprocessing strategies (WS), which are well suited to segment object shapes, even when supplied with vague seed and boundary constraints. To leverage the full potential of the watershed algorithm, the multi-instance segmentation problem is initially interpreted as three-class semantic segmentation problem, which in turn is well-suited for the application of CNNs. Using manually annotated 3D confocal microscopy images of Arabidopsis thaliana, we show the superior performance of the proposed method compared to the state of the art. 
### 12.A Generative Model of Textures Using Hierarchical Probabilistic  Principal Component Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06892.pdf)
> Modeling of textures in natural images is an important task to make a microscopic model of natural images. Portilla and Simoncelli proposed a generative texture model, which is based on the mechanism of visual systems in brains, with a set of texture features and a feature matching. On the other hand, the texture features, used in Portillas' model, have redundancy between its components came from typical natural textures. In this paper, we propose a contracted texture model which provides a dimension reduction for the Portillas' feature. This model is based on a hierarchical principal components analysis using known group structure of the feature. In the experiment, we reveal effective dimensions to describe texture is fewer than the original description. Moreover, we also demonstrate how well the textures can be synthesized from the contracted texture representations. 
### 13.Rotational 3D Texture Classification Using Group Equivariant CNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06889.pdf)
> Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) traditionally encode translation equivariance via the convolution operation. Generalization to other transformations has recently received attraction to encode the knowledge of the data geometry in group convolution operations. Equivariance to rotation is particularly important for 3D image analysis due to the large diversity of possible pattern orientations. 3D texture is a particularly important cue for the analysis of medical images such as CT and MRI scans as it describes different types of tissues and lesions. In this paper, we evaluate the use of 3D group equivariant CNNs accounting for the simplified group of right-angle rotations to classify 3D synthetic textures from a publicly available dataset. The results validate the importance of rotation equivariance in a controlled setup and yet motivate the use of a finer coverage of orientations in order to obtain equivariance to realistic rotations present in 3D textures. 
### 14.Collaborative Deep Learning Across Multiple Data Centers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06877.pdf)
> Valuable training data is often owned by independent organizations and located in multiple data centers. Most deep learning approaches require to centralize the multi-datacenter data for performance purpose. In practice, however, it is often infeasible to transfer all data to a centralized data center due to not only bandwidth limitation but also the constraints of privacy regulations. Model averaging is a conventional choice for data parallelized training, but its ineffectiveness is claimed by previous studies as deep neural networks are often non-convex. In this paper, we argue that model averaging can be effective in the decentralized environment by using two strategies, namely, the cyclical learning rate and the increased number of epochs for local model training. With the two strategies, we show that model averaging can provide competitive performance in the decentralized mode compared to the data-centralized one. In a practical environment with multiple data centers, we conduct extensive experiments using state-of-the-art deep network architectures on different types of data. Results demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed method. 
### 15.Semantic Aware Attention Based Deep Object Co-segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06859.pdf)
> Object co-segmentation is the task of segmenting the same objects from multiple images. In this paper, we propose the Attention Based Object Co-Segmentation for object co-segmentation that utilize a novel attention mechanism in the bottleneck layer of deep neural network for the selection of semantically related features. Furthermore, we take the benefit of attention learner and propose an algorithm to segment multi-input images in linear time complexity. Experiment results demonstrate that our model achieves state of the art performance on multiple datasets, with a significant reduction of computational time. 
### 16.Combined Static and Motion Features for Deep-Networks Based Activity  Recognition in Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06827.pdf)
> Activity recognition in videos in a deep-learning setting---or otherwise---uses both static and pre-computed motion components. The method of combining the two components, whilst keeping the burden on the deep network less, still remains uninvestigated. Moreover, it is not clear what the level of contribution of individual components is, and how to control the contribution. In this work, we use a combination of CNN-generated static features and motion features in the form of motion tubes. We propose three schemas for combining static and motion components: based on a variance ratio, principal components, and Cholesky decomposition. The Cholesky decomposition based method allows the control of contributions. The ratio given by variance analysis of static and motion features match well with the experimental optimal ratio used in the Cholesky decomposition based method. The resulting activity recognition system is better or on par with existing state-of-the-art when tested with three popular datasets. The findings also enable us to characterize a dataset with respect to its richness in motion information. 
### 17.A Robust Local Binary Similarity Pattern for Foreground Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06797.pdf)
> Accurate and fast extraction of the foreground object is one of the most significant issues to be solved due to its important meaning for object tracking and recognition in video surveillance. Although many foreground object detection methods have been proposed in the recent past, it is still regarded as a tough problem due to illumination variations and dynamic backgrounds challenges. In this paper, we propose a robust foreground object detection method with two aspects of contributions. First, we propose a robust texture operator named Robust Local Binary Similarity Pattern (RLBSP), which shows strong robustness to illumination variations and dynamic backgrounds. Second, a combination of color and texture features are used to characterize pixel representations, which compensate each other to make full use of their own advantages. Comprehensive experiments evaluated on the CDnet 2012 dataset demonstrate that the proposed method performs favorably against state-of-the-art methods. 
### 18.Approximate Fisher Information Matrix to Characterise the Training of  Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06767.pdf)
> In this paper, we introduce a novel methodology for characterising the performance of deep learning networks (ResNets and DenseNet) with respect to training convergence and generalisation as a function of mini-batch size and learning rate for image classification. This methodology is based on novel measurements derived from the eigenvalues of the approximate Fisher information matrix, which can be efficiently computed even for high capacity deep models. Our proposed measurements can help practitioners to monitor and control the training process (by actively tuning the mini-batch size and learning rate) to allow for good training convergence and generalisation. Furthermore, the proposed measurements also allow us to show that it is possible to optimise the training process with a new dynamic sampling training approach that continuously and automatically change the mini-batch size and learning rate during the training process. Finally, we show that the proposed dynamic sampling training approach has a faster training time and a competitive classification accuracy compared to the current state of the art. 
### 19.Understanding and Predicting the Memorability of Natural Scene Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06679.pdf)
> Memorability measures how easily an image is to be memorized after glancing, which may contribute to designing magazine covers, tourism publicity materials, and so forth. Recent works have shed light on the visual features that make generic images, object images or face photographs memorable. However, a clear understanding and reliable estimation of natural scene memorability remain elusive. In this paper, we provide an attempt to answer: "what exactly makes natural scene memorable". To this end, we first establish a large-scale natural scene image memorability (LNSIM) database, containing 2,632 natural scene images and their ground truth memorability scores. Then, we mine our database to investigate how low-, middle- and high-level handcrafted features affect the memorability of natural scene. In particular, we find that high-level feature of scene category is rather correlated with natural scene memorability. We also find that deep feature is effective in predicting the memorability scores. Therefore, we propose a deep neural network based natural scene memorability (DeepNSM) predictor, which takes advantage of scene category. Finally, the experimental results validate the effectiveness of our DeepNSM, exceeding the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 20.UNIQUE: Unsupervised Image Quality Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06631.pdf)
> In this paper, we estimate perceived image quality using sparse representations obtained from generic image databases through an unsupervised learning approach. A color space transformation, a mean subtraction, and a whitening operation are used to enhance descriptiveness of images by reducing spatial redundancy; a linear decoder is used to obtain sparse representations; and a thresholding stage is used to formulate suppression mechanisms in a visual system. A linear decoder is trained with 7 GB worth of data, which corresponds to 100,000 8x8 image patches randomly obtained from nearly 1,000 images in the ImageNet 2013 database. A patch-wise training approach is preferred to maintain local information. The proposed quality estimator UNIQUE is tested on the LIVE, the Multiply Distorted LIVE, and the TID 2013 databases and compared with thirteen quality estimators. Experimental results show that UNIQUE is generally a top performing quality estimator in terms of accuracy, consistency, linearity, and monotonic behavior. 
### 21.Adversarial Inpainting of Medical Image Modalities  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06621.pdf)
> Numerous factors could lead to partial deteriorations of medical images. For example, metallic implants will lead to localized perturbations in MRI scans. This will affect further post-processing tasks such as attenuation correction in PET/MRI or radiation therapy planning. In this work, we propose the inpainting of medical images via Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). The proposed framework incorporates two patch-based discriminator networks with additional style and perceptual losses for the inpainting of missing information in realistically detailed and contextually consistent manner. The proposed framework outperformed other natural image inpainting techniques both qualitatively and quantitatively on two different medical modalities. 
### 22.Learning to Segment Corneal Tissue Interfaces in OCT Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06612.pdf)
> Accurate and repeatable delineation of corneal tissue interfaces is necessary for surgical planning during anterior segment interventions, such as Keratoplasty. Designing an approach to identify interfaces, which generalizes to datasets acquired from different Optical Coherence Tomographic (OCT) scanners, is paramount. In this paper, we present a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based framework called CorNet that can accurately segment three corneal interfaces across datasets obtained with different scan settings from different OCT scanners. Extensive validation of the approach was conducted across all imaged datasets. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first deep learning based approach to segment both anterior and posterior corneal tissue interfaces. Our errors are 2x lower than non-proprietary state-of-the-art corneal tissue interface segmentation algorithms, which include image analysis-based and deep learning approaches. 
### 23.Deep learning-based super-resolution in coherent imaging systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06611.pdf)
> We present a deep learning framework based on a generative adversarial network (GAN) to perform super-resolution in coherent imaging systems. We demonstrate that this framework can enhance the resolution of both pixel size-limited and diffraction-limited coherent imaging systems. We experimentally validated the capabilities of this deep learning-based coherent imaging approach by super-resolving complex images acquired using a lensfree on-chip holographic microscope, the resolution of which was pixel size-limited. Using the same GAN-based approach, we also improved the resolution of a lens-based holographic imaging system that was limited in resolution by the numerical aperture of its objective lens. This deep learning-based super-resolution framework can be broadly applied to enhance the space-bandwidth product of coherent imaging systems using image data and convolutional neural networks, and provides a rapid, non-iterative method for solving inverse image reconstruction or enhancement problems in optics. 
### 24.Recipe1M: A Dataset for Learning Cross-Modal Embeddings for Cooking  Recipes and Food Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06553.pdf)
> In this paper, we introduce Recipe1M, a new large-scale, structured corpus of over one million cooking recipes and 13 million food images. As the largest publicly available collection of recipe data, Recipe1M affords the ability to train high-capacity models on aligned, multi-modal data. Using these data, we train a neural network to learn a joint embedding of recipes and images that yields impressive results on an image-recipe retrieval task. Moreover, we demonstrate that regularization via the addition of a high-level classification objective both improves retrieval performance to rival that of humans and enables semantic vector arithmetic. We postulate that these embeddings will provide a basis for further exploration of the Recipe1M dataset and food and cooking in general. Code, data and models are publicly available. 
### 25.Robust Gesture-Based Communication for Underwater Human-Robot  Interaction in the context of Search and Rescue Diver Missions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07122.pdf)
> We propose a robust gesture-based communication pipeline for divers to instruct an Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV) to assist them in performing high-risk tasks and helping in case of emergency. A gesture communication language (CADDIAN) is developed, based on consolidated and standardized diver gestures, including an alphabet, syntax and semantics, ensuring a logical consistency. A hierarchical classification approach is introduced for hand gesture recognition based on stereo imagery and multi-descriptor aggregation to specifically cope with underwater image artifacts, e.g. light backscatter or color attenuation. Once the classification task is finished, a syntax check is performed to filter out invalid command sequences sent by the diver or generated by errors in the classifier. Throughout this process, the diver receives constant feedback from an underwater tablet to acknowledge or abort the mission at any time. The objective is to prevent the AUV from executing unnecessary, infeasible or potentially harmful motions. Experimental results under different environmental conditions in archaeological exploration and bridge inspection applications show that the system performs well in the field. 
### 26.Multiple Interactions Made Easy (MIME): Large Scale Demonstrations Data  for Imitation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07121.pdf)
> In recent years, we have seen an emergence of data-driven approaches in robotics. However, most existing efforts and datasets are either in simulation or focus on a single task in isolation such as grasping, pushing or poking. In order to make progress and capture the space of manipulation, we would need to collect a large-scale dataset of diverse tasks such as pouring, opening bottles, stacking objects etc. But how does one collect such a dataset? In this paper, we present the largest available robotic-demonstration dataset (MIME) that contains 8260 human-robot demonstrations over 20 different robotic tasks (<a href="https://sites.google.com/view/mimedataset">this https URL</a>). These tasks range from the simple task of pushing objects to the difficult task of stacking household objects. Our dataset consists of videos of human demonstrations and kinesthetic trajectories of robot demonstrations. We also propose to use this dataset for the task of mapping 3rd person video features to robot trajectories. Furthermore, we present two different approaches using this dataset and evaluate the predicted robot trajectories against ground-truth trajectories. We hope our dataset inspires research in multiple areas including visual imitation, trajectory prediction, and multi-task robotic learning. 
### 27.How to Stop Off-the-Shelf Deep Neural Networks from Overthinking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07052.pdf)
> While deep neural networks (DNNs) can perform complex classification tasks, most of their natural inputs do not necessitate the depth of the modern architectures. This leads to wasted computation, as the network overthinks on the simpler inputs. The overthinking problem could be prevented if standard DNNs could produce early predictions. However, prior work suggests that this is challenging in existing architectures, such as ResNet, as their internal layers are not trained for classification and optimizing them for accurate predictions hurts the end performance. In this paper, we explore the overthinking problem, and, as a remedy, we propose a generic modification to off-the-shelf DNNs---the Shallow-Deep Network (SDN). With this modification, a DNN can efficiently produce predictions from either shallow or deep layers, as appropriate for the given input. We employ feature reduction and a layer-wise objective function to train these progressively deeper internal classifiers while preserving the end-performance. We can apply the SDN modification either by training from scratch or by tuning a pre-trained model. Experiments on four architectures (VGG, ResNet, WideResNet, and MobileNet) and three image classifications tasks suggest that, for an average input, an SDN can produce a correct prediction before its middle layer. By avoiding unnecessary computation, the SDN can reduce the required number of operations for an input by 41% over the original network. Finally, we observe that disagreements among the early classifiers reliably indicate inputs where the network is likely to make a mistake. Building on this observation we propose an internal confusion metric and a method to diagnose misclassifications by visualizing these disagreements. 
### 28.UnrealROX: An eXtremely Photorealistic Virtual Reality Environment for  Robotics Simulations and Synthetic Data Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06936.pdf)
> Data-driven algorithms have surpassed traditional techniques in almost every aspect in robotic vision problems. Such algorithms need vast amounts of quality data to be able to work properly after their training process. Gathering and annotating that sheer amount of data in the real world is a time-consuming and error-prone task. Those problems limit scale and quality. Synthetic data generation has become increasingly popular since it is faster to generate and automatic to annotate. However, most of the current datasets and environments lack realism, interactions, and details from the real world. UnrealROX is an environment built over Unreal Engine 4 which aims to reduce that reality gap by leveraging hyperrealistic indoor scenes that are explored by robot agents which also interact with objects in a visually realistic manner in that simulated world. Photorealistic scenes and robots are rendered by Unreal Engine into a virtual reality headset which captures gaze so that a human operator can move the robot and use controllers for the robotic hands; scene information is dumped on a per-frame basis so that it can be reproduced offline to generate raw data and ground truth annotations. This virtual reality environment enables robotic vision researchers to generate realistic and visually plausible data with full ground truth for a wide variety of problems such as class and instance semantic segmentation, object detection, depth estimation, visual grasping, and navigation. 
### 29.DN-ResNet: Efficient Deep Residual Network for Image Denoising  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06766.pdf)
> A deep learning approach to blind denoising of images without complete knowledge of the noise statistics is considered. We propose DN-ResNet, which is a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) consisting of several residual blocks (ResBlocks). With cascade training, DN-ResNet is more accurate and more computationally efficient than the state of art denoising networks. An edge-aware loss function is further utilized in training DN-ResNet, so that the denoising results have better perceptive quality compared to conventional loss function. Next, we introduce the depthwise separable DN-ResNet (DS-DN-ResNet) utilizing the proposed Depthwise Seperable ResBlock (DS-ResBlock) instead of standard ResBlock, which has much less computational cost. DS-DN-ResNet is incrementally evolved by replacing the ResBlocks in DN-ResNet by DS-ResBlocks stage by stage. As a result, high accuracy and good computational efficiency are achieved concurrently. Whereas previous state of art deep learning methods focused on denoising either Gaussian or Poisson corrupted images, we consider denoising images having the more practical Poisson with additive Gaussian noise as well. The results show that DN-ResNets are more efficient, robust, and perform better denoising than current state of art deep learning methods, as well as the popular variants of the BM3D algorithm, in cases of blind and non-blind denoising of images corrupted with Poisson, Gaussian or Poisson-Gaussian noise. Our network also works well for other image enhancement task such as compressed image restoration. 
### 30.Lesion Focused Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06693.pdf)
> Super-resolution (SR) for image enhancement has great importance in medical image applications. Broadly speaking, there are two types of SR, one requires multiple low resolution (LR) images from different views of the same object to be reconstructed to the high resolution (HR) output, and the other one relies on the learning from a large amount of training datasets, i.e., LR-HR pairs. In real clinical environment, acquiring images from multi-views is expensive and sometimes infeasible. In this paper, we present a novel Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) based learning framework to achieve SR from its LR version. By performing simulation based studies on the Multimodal Brain Tumor Segmentation Challenge (BraTS) datasets, we demonstrate the efficacy of our method in application of brain tumor MRI enhancement. Compared to bilinear interpolation and other state-of-the-art SR methods, our model is lesion focused, which is not only resulted in better perceptual image quality without blurring, but also more efficient and directly benefit for the following clinical tasks, e.g., lesion detection and abnormality enhancement. Therefore, we can envisage the application of our SR method to boost image spatial resolution while maintaining crucial diagnostic information for further clinical tasks. 
### 31.Semi-supervised and Active-learning Scenarios: Efficient Acoustic Model  Refinement for a Low Resource Indian Language  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06635.pdf)
> We address the problem of efficient acoustic-model refinement (continuous retraining) using semi-supervised and active learning for a low resource Indian language, wherein the low resource constraints are having i) a small labeled corpus from which to train a baseline `seed' acoustic model and ii) a large training corpus without orthographic labeling or from which to perform a data selection for manual labeling at low costs. The proposed semi-supervised learning decodes the unlabeled large training corpus using the seed model and through various protocols, selects the decoded utterances with high reliability using confidence levels (that correlate to the WER of the decoded utterances) and iterative bootstrapping. The proposed active learning protocol uses confidence level based metric to select the decoded utterances from the large unlabeled corpus for further labeling. The semi-supervised learning protocols can offer a WER reduction, from a poorly trained seed model, by as much as 50% of the best WER-reduction realizable from the seed model's WER, if the large corpus were labeled and used for acoustic-model training. The active learning protocols allow that only 60% of the entire training corpus be manually labeled, to reach the same performance as the entire data. 
