# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 16 Oct 2018
### 1.Visual Semantic Navigation using Scene Priors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06543.pdf)
> How do humans navigate to target objects in novel scenes? Do we use the semantic/functional priors we have built over years to efficiently search and navigate? For example, to search for mugs, we search cabinets near the coffee machine and for fruits we try the fridge. In this work, we focus on incorporating semantic priors in the task of semantic navigation. We propose to use Graph Convolutional Networks for incorporating the prior knowledge into a deep reinforcement learning framework. The agent uses the features from the knowledge graph to predict the actions. For evaluation, we use the AI2-THOR framework. Our experiments show how semantic knowledge improves performance significantly. More importantly, we show improvement in generalization to unseen scenes and/or objects. The supplementary video can be accessed at the following link: <a href="https://youtu.be/otKjuO805dE">this https URL</a> . 
### 2.SynSeg-Net: Synthetic Segmentation Without Target Modality Ground Truth  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06498.pdf)
> A key limitation of deep convolutional neural networks (DCNN) based image segmentation methods is the lack of generalizability. Manually traced training images are typically required when segmenting organs in a new imaging modality or from distinct disease cohort. The manual efforts can be alleviated if the manually traced images in one imaging modality (e.g., MRI) are able to train a segmentation network for another imaging modality (e.g., CT). In this paper, we propose an end-to-end synthetic segmentation network (SynSeg-Net) to train a segmentation network for a target imaging modality without having manual labels. SynSeg-Net is trained by using (1) unpaired intensity images from source and target modalities, and (2) manual labels only from source modality. SynSeg-Net is enabled by the recent advances of cycle generative adversarial networks (CycleGAN) and DCNN. We evaluate the performance of the SynSeg-Net on two experiments: (1) MRI to CT splenomegaly synthetic segmentation for abdominal images, and (2) CT to MRI total intracranial volume synthetic segmentation (TICV) for brain images. The proposed end-to-end approach achieved superior performance to two stage methods. Moreover, the SynSeg-Net achieved comparable performance to the traditional segmentation network using target modality labels in certain scenarios. The source code of SynSeg-Net is publicly available (<a href="https://github.com/MASILab/SynSeg-Net">this https URL</a>). 
### 3.Unsupervised Deep Features for Remote Sensing Image Matching via  Discriminator Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06470.pdf)
> The advent of deep perceptual networks brought about a paradigm shift in machine vision and image perception. Image apprehension lately carried out by hand-crafted features in the latent space have been replaced by deep features acquired from supervised networks for improved understanding. However, such deep networks require strict supervision with a substantial amount of the labeled data for authentic training process. These methods perform poorly in domains lacking labeled data especially in case of remote sensing image retrieval. Resolving this, we propose an unsupervised encoder-decoder feature for remote sensing image matching (RSIM). Moreover, we replace the conventional distance metrics with a deep discriminator network to identify the similarity of the image pairs. To the best of our knowledge, discriminator network has never been used before for solving RSIM problem. Results have been validated with two publicly available benchmark remote sensing image datasets. The technique has also been investigated for content-based remote sensing image retrieval (CBRSIR); one of the widely used applications of RSIM. Results demonstrate that our technique supersedes the state-of-the-art methods used for unsupervised image matching with mean average precision (mAP) of 81%, and image retrieval with an overall improvement in mAP score of about 12%. 
### 4.CSV: Image Quality Assessment Based on Color, Structure, and Visual  System  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06464.pdf)
> This paper presents a full-reference image quality estimator based on color, structure, and visual system characteristics denoted as CSV. In contrast to the majority of existing methods, we quantify perceptual color degradations rather than absolute pixel-wise changes. We use the CIEDE2000 color difference formulation to quantify low-level color degradations and the Earth Mover's Distance between color name descriptors to measure significant color degradations. In addition to the perceptual color difference, CSV also contains structural and perceptual differences. Structural feature maps are obtained by mean subtraction and divisive normalization, and perceptual feature maps are obtained from contrast sensitivity formulations of retinal ganglion cells. The proposed quality estimator CSV is tested on the LIVE, the Multiply Distorted LIVE, and the TID 2013 databases, and it is always among the top two performing quality estimators in terms of at least ranking, monotonic behavior or linearity. 
### 5.Refacing: reconstructing anonymized facial features using GANs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06455.pdf)
> Anonymization of medical images is necessary for protecting the identity of the test subjects, and is therefore an essential step in data sharing. However, recent developments in deep learning may raise the bar on the amount of distortion that needs to be applied to guarantee anonymity. To test such possibilities, we have applied the novel CycleGAN unsupervised image-to-image translation framework on sagittal slices of T1 MR images, in order to reconstruct facial features from anonymized data. We applied the CycleGAN framework on both face-blurred and face-removed images. Our results show that face blurring may not provide adequate protection against malicious attempts at identifying the subjects, while face removal provides more robust anonymization, but is still partially reversible. 
### 6.Channel Splitting Network for Single MR Image Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06453.pdf)
> High resolution magnetic resonance (MR) imaging is desirable in many clinical applications due to its contribution to more accurate subsequent analyses and early clinical diagnoses. Single image super resolution (SISR) is an effective and cost efficient alternative technique to improve the spatial resolution of MR images. In the past few years, SISR methods based on deep learning techniques, especially convolutional neural networks (CNNs), have achieved state-of-the-art performance on natural images. However, the information is gradually weakened and training becomes increasingly difficult as the network deepens. The problem is more serious for medical images because lacking high quality and effective training samples makes deep models prone to underfitting or overfitting. Nevertheless, many current models treat the hierarchical features on different channels equivalently, which is not helpful for the models to deal with the hierarchical features discriminatively and targetedly. To this end, we present a novel channel splitting network (CSN) to ease the representational burden of deep models. The proposed CSN model divides the hierarchical features into two branches, i.e., residual branch and dense branch, with different information transmissions. The residual branch is able to promote feature reuse, while the dense branch is beneficial to the exploration of new features. Besides, we also adopt the merge-and-run mapping to facilitate information integration between different branches. Extensive experiments on various MR images, including proton density (PD), T1 and T2 images, show that the proposed CSN model achieves superior performance over other state-of-the-art SISR methods. 
### 7.Virtualization of tissue staining in digital pathology using an  unsupervised deep learning approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06415.pdf)
> Histopathological evaluation of tissue samples is a key practice in patient diagnosis and drug development, especially in oncology. Historically, Hematoxylin and Eosin (H&amp;E) has been used by pathologists as a gold standard staining. However, in many cases, various target specific stains, including immunohistochemistry (IHC), are needed in order to highlight specific structures in the tissue. As tissue is scarce and staining procedures are tedious, it would be beneficial to generate images of stained tissue virtually. Virtual staining could also generate in-silico multiplexing of different stains on the same tissue segment. In this paper, we present a sample application that generates FAP-CK virtual IHC images from Ki67-CD8 real IHC images using an unsupervised deep learning approach based on CycleGAN. We also propose a method to deal with tiling artifacts caused by normalization layers and we validate our approach by comparing the results of tissue analysis algorithms for virtual and real images. 
### 8.Deep Photovoltaic Nowcasting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06327.pdf)
> Predicting the short-term power output of a photovoltaic panel is an important task for the efficient management of smart grids. Short-term forecasting at the minute scale, also known as nowcasting, can benefit from sky images captured by regular cameras and installed close to the solar panel. However, estimating the weather conditions from these images---sun intensity, cloud appearance and movement, etc.---is a very challenging task that the community has yet to solve with traditional computer vision techniques. In this work, we propose to learn the relationship between sky appearance and the future photovoltaic power output using deep learning. We train several variants of convolutional neural networks which take historical photovoltaic power values and sky images as input and estimate photovoltaic power in a very short term future. In particular, we compare three different architectures based on: a multi-layer perceptron (MLP), a convolutional neural network (CNN), and a long short term memory (LSTM) module. We evaluate our approach quantitatively on a dataset of photovoltaic power values and corresponding images gathered in Kyoto, Japan. Our experiments reveal that the MLP network, already used similarly in previous work, achieves an RMSE skill score of 7% over the commonly-used persistence baseline on the 1-minute future photovoltaic power prediction task. Our CNN-based network improves upon this with a 12% skill score. In contrast, our LSTM-based model, which can learn the temporal dependencies in the data, achieves a 21% RMSE skill score, thus outperforming all other approaches. 
### 9.Feature Representation Analysis of Deep Convolutional Neural Network  using Two-stage Feature Transfer -An Application for Diffuse Lung Disease  Classification-  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06282.pdf)
> Transfer learning is a machine learning technique designed to improve generalization performance by using pre-trained parameters obtained from other learning tasks. For image recognition tasks, many previous studies have reported that, when transfer learning is applied to deep neural networks, performance improves, despite having limited training data. This paper proposes a two-stage feature transfer learning method focusing on the recognition of textural medical images. During the proposed method, a model is successively trained with massive amounts of natural images, some textural images, and the target images. We applied this method to the classification task of textural X-ray computed tomography images of diffuse lung diseases. In our experiment, the two-stage feature transfer achieves the best performance compared to a from-scratch learning and a conventional single-stage feature transfer. We also investigated the robustness of the target dataset, based on size. Two-stage feature transfer shows better robustness than the other two learning methods. Moreover, we analyzed the feature representations obtained from DLDs imagery inputs for each feature transfer models using a visualization method. We showed that the two-stage feature transfer obtains both edge and textural features of DLDs, which does not occur in conventional single-stage feature transfer models. 
### 10.Playing for Depth  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06268.pdf)
> Estimating the relative depth of a scene is a significant step towards understanding the general structure of the depicted scenery, the relations of entities in the scene and their interactions. When faced with the task of estimating depth without the use of Stereo images, we are dependent on the availability of large-scale depth datasets and high-capacity models to capture the intrinsic nature of depth. Unfortunately, creating datasets of depth images is not a trivial task as the requirements for the camera mainly limits us to areas where we can provide the necessities for the camera to work. <br />In this work, we present a new depth dataset captured from Video Games in an easy and reproducible way. The nature of open-world video games gives us the ability to capture high-quality depth maps in the wild without the constrictions of Stereo cameras. Experiments on this dataset shows that using such synthetic datasets increases the accuracy of Monocular Depth Estimation in the wild where other approaches usually fail to generalize. 
### 11.A Context-aware Capsule Network for Multi-label Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06231.pdf)
> Recently proposed Capsule Network is a brain inspired architecture that brings a new paradigm to deep learning by modelling input domain variations through vector based representations. Despite being a seminal contribution, CapsNet does not explicitly model structured relationships between the detected entities and among the capsule features for related inputs. Motivated by the working of cortical network in human visual system, we seek to resolve CapsNet limitations by proposing several intuitive modifications to the CapsNet architecture. We introduce, (1) a novel routing weight initialization technique, (2) an improved CapsNet design that exploits semantic relationships between the primary capsule activations using a densely connected Conditional Random Field and (3) a Cholesky transformation based correlation module to learn a general priority scheme. Our proposed design allows CapsNet to scale better to more complex problems, such as the multi-label classification task, where semantically related categories co-exist with various interdependencies. We present theoretical bases for our extensions and demonstrate significant improvements on ADE20K scene dataset. 
### 12.Supervised COSMOS Autoencoder: Learning Beyond the Euclidean Loss!  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06221.pdf)
> Autoencoders are unsupervised deep learning models used for learning representations. In literature, autoencoders have shown to perform well on a variety of tasks spread across multiple domains, thereby establishing widespread applicability. Typically, an autoencoder is trained to generate a model that minimizes the reconstruction error between the input and the reconstructed output, computed in terms of the Euclidean distance. While this can be useful for applications related to unsupervised reconstruction, it may not be optimal for classification. In this paper, we propose a novel Supervised COSMOS Autoencoder which utilizes a multi-objective loss function to learn representations that simultaneously encode the (i) "similarity" between the input and reconstructed vectors in terms of their direction, (ii) "distribution" of pixel values of the reconstruction with respect to the input sample, while also incorporating (iii) "discriminability" in the feature learning pipeline. The proposed autoencoder model incorporates a Cosine similarity and Mahalanobis distance based loss function, along with supervision via Mutual Information based loss. Detailed analysis of each component of the proposed model motivates its applicability for feature learning in different classification tasks. The efficacy of Supervised COSMOS autoencoder is demonstrated via extensive experimental evaluations on different image datasets. The proposed model outperforms existing algorithms on MNIST, CIFAR-10, and SVHN databases. It also yields state-of-the-art results on CelebA, LFWA, Adience, and IJB-A databases for attribute prediction and face recognition, respectively. 
### 13.The Focus-Aspect-Polarity Model for Predicting Subjective Noun  Attributes in Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06219.pdf)
> Subjective visual interpretation is a challenging yet important topic in computer vision. Many approaches reduce this problem to the prediction of adjective- or attribute-labels from images. However, most of these do not take attribute semantics into account, or only process the image in a holistic manner. Furthermore, there is a lack of relevant datasets with fine-grained subjective labels. In this paper, we propose the Focus-Aspect-Polarity model to structure the process of capturing subjectivity in image processing, and introduce a novel dataset following this way of modeling. We run experiments on this dataset to compare several deep learning methods and find that incorporating context information based on tensor multiplication in several cases outperforms the default way of information fusion (concatenation). 
### 14.Solution for Large-Scale Hierarchical Object Detection Datasets with  Incomplete Annotation and Data Imbalance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06208.pdf)
> This report demonstrates our solution for the Open Images 2018 Challenge. Based on our detailed analysis on the Open Images Datasets (OID), it is found that there are four typical features: large-scale, hierarchical tag system, severe annotation incompleteness and data imbalance. Considering these characteristics, an amount of strategies are employed, including SNIPER, soft sampling, class-aware sampling (CAS), hierarchical non-maximum suppression (HNMS) and so on. In virtue of these effective strategies, and further using the powerful SENet154 armed with feature pyramid module and deformable ROIalign as the backbone, our best single model could achieve a mAP of 56.9%. After a further ensemble with 9 models, the final mAP is boosted to 62.2% in the public leaderboard (ranked the 2nd place) and 58.6% in the private leaderboard (ranked the 3rd place, slightly inferior to the 1st place by only 0.04 point). 
### 15.3D Feature Pyramid Attention Module for Robust Visual Speech Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06178.pdf)
> Visual speech recognition is the task to decode the speech content from a video based on visual information, especially the movements of lips. It is also referenced as lipreading. Motivated by two problems existing in lipreading, words with similar pronunciation and the variation of word duration, we propose a novel 3D Feature Pyramid Attention (3D-FPA) module to jointly improve the representation power of features in both the spatial and temporal domains. Specifically, the input features are downsampled for 3 times in both the spatial and temporal dimensions to construct spatiotemporal feature pyramids. Then high-level features are upsampled and combined with low-level features, finally generating a pixel-level soft attention mask to be multiplied with the input features.It enhances the discriminative power of features and exploits the temporal multi-scale information while decoding the visual speeches. Also, this module provides a new method to construct and utilize temporal pyramid structures in video analysis tasks. The field of temporal featrue pyramids are still under exploring compared to the plentiful works on spatial feature pyramids for image analysis tasks. To validate the effectiveness and adaptability of our proposed module, we embed the module in a sentence-level lipreading model, LipNet, with the result of 3.6% absolute decrease in word error rate, and a word-level model, with the result of 1.4% absolute improvement in accuracy. 
### 16.Traffic Signs in the Wild: Highlights from the IEEE Video and Image  Processing Cup 2017 Student Competition [SP Competitions]  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06169.pdf)
> Robust and reliable traffic sign detection is necessary to bring autonomous vehicles onto our roads. State-of-the-art algorithms successfully perform traffic sign detection over existing databases that mostly lack severe challenging conditions. VIP Cup 2017 competition focused on detecting such traffic signs under challenging conditions. To facilitate such task and competition, we introduced a video dataset denoted as CURE-TSD that includes a variety of challenging conditions. The goal of this challenge was to implement traffic sign detection algorithms that can robustly perform under such challenging conditions. In this article, we share an overview of the VIP Cup 2017 experience including competition setup, teams, technical approaches, participation statistics, and competition experience through finalist teams members' and organizers' eyes. 
### 17.Every Pixel Counts ++: Joint Learning of Geometry and Motion with 3D  Holistic Understanding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06125.pdf)
> Learning to estimate 3D geometry in a single frame and optical flow from consecutive frames by watching unlabeled videos via deep convolutional network has made significant process recently. Current state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods treat the tasks independently. One important assumption of the current depth estimation pipeline is that the scene contains no moving object, which can be complemented by the optical flow. In this paper, we propose to address the two tasks as a whole, i.e. to jointly understand per-pixel 3D geometry and motion. This also eliminates the need of static scene assumption and enforces the inherent geometrical consistency during the learning process, yielding significantly improved results for both tasks. We call our method as "Every Pixel Counts++" or "EPC++". Specifically, during training, given two consecutive frames from a video, we adopt three parallel networks to predict the camera motion (MotionNet), dense depth map (DepthNet), and per-pixel optical flow between two frames (FlowNet) respectively. Comprehensive experiments were conducted on the KITTI 2012 and KITTI 2015 datasets. Performance on the five tasks of depth estimation, optical flow estimation, odometry, moving object segmentation and scene flow estimation shows that our approach outperforms other SOTA methods, demonstrating the effectiveness of each module of our proposed method. 
### 18.A Novel Extension to Fuzzy Connectivity for Body Composition Analysis:  Applications in Thigh, Brain, and Whole Body Tissue Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06071.pdf)
> Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is the non-invasive modality of choice for body tissue composition analysis due to its excellent soft tissue contrast and lack of ionizing radiation. However, quantification of body composition requires an accurate segmentation of fat, muscle and other tissues from MR images, which remains a challenging goal due to the intensity overlap between them. In this study, we propose a fully automated, data-driven image segmentation platform that addresses multiple difficulties in segmenting MR images such as varying inhomogeneity, non-standardness, and noise, while producing high-quality definition of different tissues. In contrast to most approaches in the literature, we perform segmentation operation by combining three different MRI contrasts and a novel segmentation tool which takes into account variability in the data. The proposed system, based on a novel affinity definition within the fuzzy connectivity (FC) image segmentation family, prevents the need for user intervention and reparametrization of the segmentation algorithms. In order to make the whole system fully automated, we adapt an affinity propagation clustering algorithm to roughly identify tissue regions and image background. We perform a thorough evaluation of the proposed algorithm's individual steps as well as comparison with several approaches from the literature for the main application of muscle/fat separation. Furthermore, whole-body tissue composition and brain tissue delineation were conducted to show the generalization ability of the proposed system. This new automated platform outperforms other state-of-the-art segmentation approaches both in accuracy and efficiency. 
### 19.Fine-Grained Classification of Cervical Cells Using Morphological and  Appearance Based Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06058.pdf)
> Fine-grained classification of cervical cells into different abnormality levels is of great clinical importance but remains very challenging. Contrary to traditional classification methods that rely on hand-crafted or engineered features, convolution neural network (CNN) can classify cervical cells based on automatically learned deep features. However, CNN in previous studies do not involve cell morphological information, and it is unknown whether morphological features can be directly modeled by CNN to classify cervical cells. This paper presents a CNN-based method that combines cell image appearance with cell morphology for classification of cervical cells in Pap smear. The training cervical cell dataset consists of adaptively re-sampled image patches coarsely centered on the nuclei. Several CNN models (AlexNet, GoogleNet, ResNet and DenseNet) pre-trained on ImageNet dataset were fine-tuned on the cervical dataset for comparison. The proposed method is evaluated on the Herlev cervical dataset by five-fold cross-validation at patient level splitting. Results show that by adding cytoplasm and nucleus masks as raw morphological information into appearance-based CNN learning, higher classification accuracies can be achieved in general. Among the four CNN models, GoogleNet fed with both morphological and appearance information obtains the highest classification accuracies of 94.5% for 2-class classification task and 64.5% for 7-class classification task. Our method demonstrates that combining cervical cell morphology with appearance information can provide improved classification performance, which is clinically important for early diagnosis of cervical dysplastic changes. 
### 20.Lung Structures Enhancement in Chest Radiographs via CT based FCNN  Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05989.pdf)
> The abundance of overlapping anatomical structures appearing in chest radiographs can reduce the performance of lung pathology detection by automated algorithms (CAD) as well as the human reader. In this paper, we present a deep learning based image processing technique for enhancing the contrast of soft lung structures in chest radiographs using Fully Convolutional Neural Networks (FCNN). Two 2D FCNN architectures were trained to accomplish the task: The first performs 2D lung segmentation which is used for normalization of the lung area. The second FCNN is trained to extract lung structures. To create the training images, we employed Simulated X-Ray or Digitally Reconstructed Radiographs (DRR) derived from 516 scans belonging to the LIDC-IDRI dataset. By first segmenting the lungs in the CT domain, we are able to create a dataset of 2D lung masks to be used for training the segmentation FCNN. For training the extraction FCNN, we create DRR images of only voxels belonging to the 3D lung segmentation which we call "Lung X-ray" and use them as target images. Once the lung structures are extracted, the original image can be enhanced by fusing the original input x-ray and the synthesized "Lung X-ray". We show that our enhancement technique is applicable to real x-ray data, and display our results on the recently released NIH Chest X-Ray-14 dataset. We see promising results when training a DenseNet-121 based architecture to work directly on the lung enhanced X-ray images. 
### 21.Learning to Sketch with Deep Q Networks and Demonstrated Strokes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05977.pdf)
> Doodling is a useful and common intelligent skill that people can learn and master. In this work, we propose a two-stage learning framework to teach a machine to doodle in a simulated painting environment via Stroke Demonstration and deep Q-learning (SDQ). The developed system, Doodle-SDQ, generates a sequence of pen actions to reproduce a reference drawing and mimics the behavior of human painters. In the first stage, it learns to draw simple strokes by imitating in supervised fashion from a set of strokeaction pairs collected from artist paintings. In the second stage, it is challenged to draw real and more complex doodles without ground truth actions; thus, it is trained with Qlearning. Our experiments confirm that (1) doodling can be learned without direct stepby- step action supervision and (2) pretraining with stroke demonstration via supervised learning is important to improve performance. We further show that Doodle-SDQ is effective at producing plausible drawings in different media types, including sketch and watercolor. 
### 22.Perceptual Image Quality Assessment through Spectral Analysis of Error  Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05964.pdf)
> In this paper, we analyze the statistics of error signals to assess the perceived quality of images. Specifically, we focus on the magnitude spectrum of error images obtained from the difference of reference and distorted images. Analyzing spectral statistics over grayscale images partially models interference in spatial harmonic distortion exhibited by the visual system but it overlooks color information, selective and hierarchical nature of visual system. To overcome these shortcomings, we introduce an image quality assessment algorithm based on the Spectral Understanding of Multi-scale and Multi-channel Error Representations, denoted as SUMMER. We validate the quality assessment performance over 3 databases with around 30 distortion types. These distortion types are grouped into 7 main categories as compression artifact, image noise, color artifact, communication error, blur, global and local distortions. In total, we benchmark the performance of 17 algorithms along with the proposed algorithm using 5 performance metrics that measure linearity, monotonicity, accuracy, and consistency. In addition to experiments with standard performance metrics, we analyze the distribution of objective and subjective scores with histogram difference metrics and scatter plots. Moreover, we analyze the classification performance of quality assessment algorithms along with their statistical significance tests. Based on our experiments, SUMMER significantly outperforms majority of the compared methods in all benchmark categories 
### 23.Comparison Detector: A novel object detection method for small dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05952.pdf)
> Though the object detection has shown great success when the training set is sufficient, there is a serious shortage of generalization in the small dataset scenario. However, we inevitably just get a small one in some application scenarios, especially medicine. In this paper, we propose Comparison detector which still maintains the end-to-end fashion in training and testing, surpassing the state-of-the-art two-stage object detection model on the small dataset. Inspired by one/few-shot learning, we replace the parameter classifier in feature pyramid network(FPN) with the comparison classifier in no-parameters or semi-parameters manner. In fact, a stronger inductive bias is added to the model to simplify the problem and reduce the dependence of data. The performance of our model is evaluated on the cervical cancer pathology test set. When training on the small dataset, it achieves a mAP 26.3% and an AR 35.7%, both improving about 20 points compared to baseline model. Moreover, Comparison detector achieves same mAP performance as the current state-of-the-art model when training on the medium dataset, and improves AR by 4 points. Our method is promising for the development of object detection in small dataset scenario. 
### 24.Varifocal-Net: A Chromosome Classification Approach using Deep  Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05943.pdf)
> Chromosome classification is critical for karyotyping in abnormality diagnosis. To relieve doctors from such tedious work and expedite abnormality diagnosis, we present a novel method named Varifocal-Net for simultaneous classification of chromosome's type and polarity using deep convolutional networks. The approach consists of one global-scale network (G-Net) and one local-scale network (L-Net). It follows two stages. The first stage is to learn both global and local features. We extract global features and detect finer local regions via the G-Net. With the proposed varifocal mechanism, we zoom into local parts and extract local features via the L-Net. Residual learning and multi-task learning strategy are utilized to promote high-level feature extraction. The detection of discriminative local parts is fulfilled by a localization subnet in the G-Net, whose training process involves both supervised and weakly-supervised learning. The second stage is to build two multi-layer perceptron classifiers that exploit features of both two scales to boost classification performance. We constructed a large dataset with 1909 karyotyping cases for extensive experiments. Evaluation results demonstrate that our Varifocal-Net achieved the highest accuracy of 0.9805, 0.9909 and average F1-score of 0.9771, 0.9909 for the type and polarity task, respectively. It outperformed state-of-the-art methods, which proves the effectiveness of our varifocal mechanism and multi-scale feature ensemble. The Varifocal-Net has been applied into clinical practice of karyotyping to assist numerical abnormality diagnosis. 
### 25.Embedded deep learning in ophthalmology: Making ophthalmic imaging  smarter  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05874.pdf)
> Deep learning has recently gained high interest in ophthalmology, due to its ability to detect clinically significant features for diagnosis and prognosis. Despite these significant advances, little is known about the ability of various deep learning systems to be embedded within ophthalmic imaging devices, allowing automated image acquisition. In this work, we will review the existing and future directions for "active acquisition" embedded deep learning, leading to as high quality images with little intervention by the human operator. In clinical practice, the improved image quality should translate into more robust deep learning-based clinical diagnostics. Embedded deep learning will be enabled by the constantly improving hardware performance with low cost. We will briefly review possible computation methods in larger clinical systems. Briefly, they can be included in a three-layer framework composed of edge, fog and cloud layers, the former being performed at a device-level. Improved edge layer performance via "active acquisition" serves as an automatic data curation operator translating to better quality data in electronic health records (EHRs), as well as on the cloud layer, for improved deep learning-based clinical data mining. 
### 26.Attention Driven Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05866.pdf)
> Person re-identification (ReID) is a challenging task due to arbitrary human pose variations, background clutters, etc. It has been studied extensively in recent years, but the multifarious local and global features are still not fully exploited by either ignoring the interplay between whole-body images and body-part images or missing in-depth examination of specific body-part images. In this paper, we propose a novel attention-driven multi-branch network that learns robust and discriminative human representation from global whole-body images and local body-part images simultaneously. Within each branch, an intra-attention network is designed to search for informative and discriminative regions within the whole-body or body-part images, where attention is elegantly decomposed into spatial-wise attention and channel-wise attention for effective and efficient learning. In addition, a novel inter-attention module is designed which fuses the output of intra-attention networks adaptively for optimal person ReID. The proposed technique has been evaluated over three widely used datasets CUHK03, Market-1501 and DukeMTMC-ReID, and experiments demonstrate its superior robustness and effectiveness as compared with the state of the arts. 
### 27.Equivalent Constraints for Two-View Geometry: Pose Solution/Pure  Rotation Identification and 3D Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05863.pdf)
> Two-view relative pose estimation and structure reconstruction is a classical problem in computer vision. The typical methods usually employ the singular value decomposition of the essential matrix to get multiple solutions of the relative pose, from which the right solution is picked out by reconstructing the three-dimension (3D) feature points and imposing the constraint of positive depth. This paper revisits the two-view geometry problem and discovers that the two-view imaging geometry is equivalently governed by a Pair of new Pose-Only (PPO) constraints: the same-side constraint and the intersection constraint. From the perspective of solving equation, the complete pose solutions of the essential matrix are explicitly derived and we rigorously prove that the orientation part of the pose can still be recovered in the case of pure rotation. The PPO constraints are simplified and formulated in the form of inequalities to directly identify the right pose solution with no need of 3D reconstruction and the 3D reconstruction can be analytically achieved from the identified right pose. Furthermore, the intersection inequality also enables a robust criterion for pure rotation identification. Experiment results validate the correctness of analyses and the robustness of the derived pose solution/pure rotation identification and analytical 3D reconstruction. 
### 28.Exploiting Semantics in Adversarial Training for Image-Level Domain  Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05852.pdf)
> Performance achievable by modern deep learning approaches are directly related to the amount of data used at training time. Unfortunately, the annotation process is notoriously tedious and expensive, especially for pixel-wise tasks like semantic segmentation. Recent works have proposed to rely on synthetically generated imagery to ease the training set creation. However, models trained on these kind of data usually under-perform on real images due to the well known issue of domain shift. We address this problem by learning a domain-to-domain image translation GAN to shrink the gap between real and synthetic images. Peculiarly to our method, we introduce semantic constraints into the generation process to both avoid artifacts and guide the synthesis. To prove the effectiveness of our proposal, we show how a semantic segmentation CNN trained on images from the synthetic GTA dataset adapted by our method can improve performance by more than 16% mIoU with respect to the same model trained on synthetic images. 
### 29.Characterising epithelial tissues using persistent entropy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05835.pdf)
> In this paper, we apply persistent entropy, a novel topological statistic, for characterization of images of epithelial tissues. We have found out that persistent entropy is able to summarize topological and geometric information encoded by \alpha-complexes and persistent homology. After using some statistical tests, we can guarantee the existence of significant differences in the studied tissues. 
### 30.Efficient Multi-level Correlating for Visual Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05810.pdf)
> Correlation filter (CF) based tracking algorithms have demonstrated favorable performance recently. Nevertheless, the top performance trackers always employ complicated optimization methods which constraint their real-time applications. How to accelerate the tracking speed while retaining the tracking accuracy is a significant issue. In this paper, we propose a multi-level CF-based tracking approach named MLCFT which further explores the potential capacity of CF with two-stage detection: primal detection and oriented re-detection. The cascaded detection scheme is simple but competent to prevent model drift and accelerate the speed. An effective fusion method based on relative entropy is introduced to combine the complementary features extracted from deep and shallow layers of convolutional neural networks (CNN). Moreover, a novel online model update strategy is utilized in our tracker, which enhances the tracking performance further. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed approach outperforms the most state-of-the-art trackers while tracking at speed of exceeded 16 frames per second on challenging benchmarks. 
### 31.Deep learning based cloud detection for remote sensing images by the  fusion of multi-scale convolutional features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05801.pdf)
> Cloud detection is an important preprocessing step for the precise application of optical satellite imagery. In this paper, we propose a deep convolutional neural network based cloud detection method named multi-scale convolutional feature fusion (MSCFF) for remote sensing images. In the network architecture of MSCFF, the encoder and corresponding decoder modules, which provide both local and global context by densifying feature maps with trainable filter banks, are utilized to extract multi-scale and high-level spatial features. The feature maps of multiple scales are then up-sampled and concatenated, and a novel MSCFF module is designed to fuse the features of different scales for the output. The output feature maps of the network are regarded as probability maps, and fed to a binary classifier for the final pixel-wise cloud and cloud shadow segmentation. The MSCFF method was validated on hundreds of globally distributed optical satellite images, with spatial resolutions ranging from 0.5 to 50 m, including Landsat-5/7/8, Gaofen-1/2/4, Sentinel-2, Ziyuan-3, CBERS-04, Huanjing-1, and collected high-resolution images exported from Google Earth. The experimental results indicate that MSCFF has obvious advantages over the traditional rule-based cloud detection methods and the state-of-the-art deep learning models in terms of accuracy, especially in bright surface covered areas. The effectiveness of MSCFF means that it has great promise for the practical application of cloud detection for multiple types of satellite imagery. Our established global high-resolution cloud detection validation dataset has been made available online. 
### 32.Learning to Globally Edit Images with Textual Description  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05786.pdf)
> We show how we can globally edit images using textual instructions: given a source image and a textual instruction for the edit, generate a new image transformed under this instruction. To tackle this novel problem, we develop three different trainable models based on RNN and Generative Adversarial Network (GAN). The models (bucket, filter bank, and end-to-end) differ in how much expert knowledge is encoded, with the most general version being purely end-to-end. To train these systems, we use Amazon Mechanical Turk to collect textual descriptions for around 2000 image pairs sampled from several datasets. Experimental results evaluated on our dataset validate our approaches. In addition, given that the filter bank model is a good compromise between generality and performance, we investigate it further by replacing RNN with Graph RNN, and show that Graph RNN improves performance. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first computational photography work on global image editing that is purely based on free-form textual instructions. 
### 33.Cloud Detection Algorithm for Remote Sensing Images Using Fully  Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05782.pdf)
> This paper presents a deep-learning based framework for addressing the problem of accurate cloud detection in remote sensing images. This framework benefits from a Fully Convolutional Neural Network (FCN), which is capable of pixel-level labeling of cloud regions in a Landsat 8 image. Also, a gradient-based identification approach is proposed to identify and exclude regions of snow/ice in the ground truths of the training set. We show that using the hybrid of the two methods (threshold-based and deep-learning) improves the performance of the cloud identification process without the need to manually correct automatically generated ground truths. In average the Jaccard index and recall measure are improved by 4.36% and 3.62%, respectively. 
### 34.Pose Estimation for Objects with Rotational Symmetry  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05780.pdf)
> Pose estimation is a widely explored problem, enabling many robotic tasks such as grasping and manipulation. In this paper, we tackle the problem of pose estimation for objects that exhibit rotational symmetry, which are common in man-made and industrial environments. In particular, our aim is to infer poses for objects not seen at training time, but for which their 3D CAD models are available at test time. Previous work has tackled this problem by learning to compare captured views of real objects with the rendered views of their 3D CAD models, by embedding them in a joint latent space using neural networks. We show that sidestepping the issue of symmetry in this scenario during training leads to poor performance at test time. We propose a model that reasons about rotational symmetry during training by having access to only a small set of symmetry-labeled objects, whereby exploiting a large collection of unlabeled CAD models. We demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms a naively trained neural network on a new pose dataset containing images of tools and hardware. 
### 35.CPNet: A Context Preserver Convolutional Neural Network for Detecting  Shadows in Single RGB Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05778.pdf)
> Automatic detection of shadow regions in an image is a difficult task due to the lack of prior information about the illumination source and the dynamic of the scene objects. To address this problem, in this paper, a deep-learning based segmentation method is proposed that identifies shadow regions at the pixel-level in a single RGB image. We exploit a novel Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture to identify and extract shadow features in an end-to-end manner. This network preserves learned contexts during the training and observes the entire image to detect global and local shadow patterns simultaneously. The proposed method is evaluated on two publicly available datasets of SBU and UCF. We have improved the state-of-the-art Balanced Error Rate (BER) on these datasets by 22\% and 14\%, respectively. 
### 36.InfiNet: Fully Convolutional Networks for Infant Brain MRI Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05735.pdf)
> We present a novel, parameter-efficient and practical fully convolutional neural network architecture, termed InfiNet, aimed at voxel-wise semantic segmentation of infant brain MRI images at iso-intense stage, which can be easily extended for other segmentation tasks involving multi-modalities. InfiNet consists of double encoder arms for T1 and T2 input scans that feed into a joint-decoder arm that terminates in the classification layer. The novelty of InfiNet lies in the manner in which the decoder upsamples lower resolution input feature map(s) from multiple encoder arms. Specifically, the pooled indices computed in the max-pooling layers of each of the encoder blocks are related to the corresponding decoder block to perform non-linear learning-free upsampling. The sparse maps are concatenated with intermediate encoder representations (skip connections) and convolved with trainable filters to produce dense feature maps. InfiNet is trained end-to-end to optimize for the Generalized Dice Loss, which is well-suited for high class imbalance. InfiNet achieves the whole-volume segmentation in under 50 seconds and we demonstrate competitive performance against multiple state-of-the art deep architectures and their multi-modal variants. 
### 37.Learning Optimal Deep Projection of $^{18}$F-FDG PET Imaging for Early  Differential Diagnosis of Parkinsonian Syndromes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05733.pdf)
> Several diseases of parkinsonian syndromes present similar symptoms at early stage and no objective widely used diagnostic methods have been approved until now. Positron emission tomography (PET) with $^{18}$F-FDG was shown to be able to assess early neuronal dysfunction of synucleinopathies and tauopathies. Tensor factorization (TF) based approaches have been applied to identify characteristic metabolic patterns for differential diagnosis. However, these conventional dimension-reduction strategies assume linear or multi-linear relationships inside data, and are therefore insufficient to distinguish nonlinear metabolic differences between various parkinsonian syndromes. In this paper, we propose a Deep Projection Neural Network (DPNN) to identify characteristic metabolic pattern for early differential diagnosis of parkinsonian syndromes. We draw our inspiration from the existing TF methods. The network consists of a (i) compression part: which uses a deep network to learn optimal 2D projections of 3D scans, and a (ii) classification part: which maps the 2D projections to labels. The compression part can be pre-trained using surplus unlabelled datasets. Also, as the classification part operates on these 2D projections, it can be trained end-to-end effectively with limited labelled data, in contrast to 3D approaches. We show that DPNN is more effective in comparison to existing state-of-the-art and plausible baselines. 
### 38.A Novel Domain Adaptation Framework for Medical Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05732.pdf)
> We propose a segmentation framework that uses deep neural networks and introduce two innovations. First, we describe a biophysics-based domain adaptation method. Second, we propose an automatic method to segment white and gray matter, and cerebrospinal fluid, in addition to tumorous tissue. Regarding our first innovation, we use a domain adaptation framework that combines a novel multispecies biophysical tumor growth model with a generative adversarial model to create realistic looking synthetic multimodal MR images with known segmentation. Regarding our second innovation, we propose an automatic approach to enrich available segmentation data by computing the segmentation for healthy tissues. This segmentation, which is done using diffeomorphic image registration between the BraTS training data and a set of prelabeled atlases, provides more information for training and reduces the class imbalance problem. Our overall approach is not specific to any particular neural network and can be used in conjunction with existing solutions. We demonstrate the performance improvement using a 2D U-Net for the BraTS'18 segmentation challenge. Our biophysics based domain adaptation achieves better results, as compared to the existing state-of-the-art GAN model used to create synthetic data for training. 
### 39.Image Super-Resolution Using VDSR-ResNeXt and SRCGAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05731.pdf)
> Over the past decade, many Super Resolution techniques have been developed using deep learning. Among those, generative adversarial networks (GAN) and very deep convolutional networks (VDSR) have shown promising results in terms of HR image quality and computational speed. In this paper, we propose two approaches based on these two algorithms: VDSR-ResNeXt, which is a deep multi-branch convolutional network inspired by VDSR and ResNeXt; and SRCGAN, which is a conditional GAN that explicitly passes class labels as input to the GAN. The two methods were implemented on common SR benchmark datasets for both quantitative and qualitative assessment. 
### 40.CRH: A Simple Benchmark Approach to Continuous Hashing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05730.pdf)
> In recent years, the distinctive advancement of handling huge data promotes the evolution of ubiquitous computing and analysis technologies. With the constantly upward system burden and computational complexity, adaptive coding has been a fascinating topic for pattern analysis, with outstanding performance. In this work, a continuous hashing method, termed continuous random hashing (CRH), is proposed to encode sequential data stream, while ignorance of previously hashing knowledge is possible. Instead, a random selection idea is adopted to adaptively approximate the differential encoding patterns of data stream, e.g., streaming media, and iteration is avoided for stepwise learning. Experimental results demonstrate our method is able to provide outstanding performance, as a benchmark approach to continuous hashing. 
### 41.UOLO - automatic object detection and segmentation in biomedical images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05729.pdf)
> We propose UOLO, a novel framework for the simultaneous detection and segmentation of structures of interest in medical images. UOLO consists of an object segmentation module which intermediate abstract representations are processed and used as input for object detection. The resulting system is optimized simultaneously for detecting a class of objects and segmenting an optionally different class of structures. UOLO is trained on a set of bounding boxes enclosing the objects to detect, as well as pixel-wise segmentation information, when available. A new loss function is devised, taking into account whether a reference segmentation is accessible for each training image, in order to suitably backpropagate the error. We validate UOLO on the task of simultaneous optic disc (OD) detection, fovea detection, and OD segmentation from retinal images, achieving state-of-the-art performance on public datasets. 
### 42.Automatic Segmentation of Thoracic Aorta Segments in Low-Dose Chest CT  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05727.pdf)
> Morphological analysis and identification of pathologies in the aorta are important for cardiovascular diagnosis and risk assessment in patients. Manual annotation is time-consuming and cumbersome in CT scans acquired without contrast enhancement and with low radiation dose. Hence, we propose an automatic method to segment the ascending aorta, the aortic arch and the thoracic descending aorta in low-dose chest CT without contrast enhancement. Segmentation was performed using a dilated convolutional neural network (CNN), with a receptive field of 131X131 voxels, that classified voxels in axial, coronal and sagittal image slices. To obtain a final segmentation, the obtained probabilities of the three planes were averaged per class, and voxels were subsequently assigned to the class with the highest class probability. Two-fold cross-validation experiments were performed where ten scans were used to train the network and another ten to evaluate the performance. Dice coefficients of 0.83, 0.86 and 0.88, and Average Symmetrical Surface Distances (ASSDs) of 2.44, 1.56 and 1.87 mm were obtained for the ascending aorta, the aortic arch, and the descending aorta, respectively. The results indicate that the proposed method could be used in large-scale studies analyzing the anatomical location of pathology and morphology of the thoracic aorta. 
### 43.DeepWeeds: A Multiclass Weed Species Image Dataset for Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05726.pdf)
> Robotic weed control has seen increased research in the past decade with its potential for boosting productivity in agriculture. Majority of works focus on developing robotics for arable croplands, ignoring the significant weed management problems facing rangeland stock farmers. Perhaps the greatest obstacle to widespread uptake of robotic weed control is the robust detection of weed species in their natural environment. The unparalleled successes of deep learning make it an ideal candidate for recognising various weed species in the highly complex Australian rangeland environment. This work contributes the first large, public, multiclass image dataset of weed species from the Australian rangelands; allowing for the development of robust detection methods to make robotic weed control viable. The DeepWeeds dataset consists of 17,509 labelled images of eight nationally significant weed species native to eight locations across northern Australia. This paper also presents a baseline for classification performance on the dataset using the benchmark deep learning models, Inception-v3 and ResNet-50. These models achieved an average classification performance of 87.9% and 90.5%, respectively. This strong result bodes well for future field implementation of robotic weed control methods in the Australian rangelands. 
### 44.Neural Network based classification of bone metastasis by primary  cacinoma  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05725.pdf)
> Neural networks have been known for a long time as a tool for different types of classification, but only just in the last decade they have showed their entire power. Along with appearing of hardware that is capable to support demanding matrix operations and parallel algorithms, the neural network, as a universal function approximation framework, turns out to be the most successful classification method widely used in all fields of science. On the other side, multifractal (MF) approach is an efficient way for quantitative description of complex structures [1] such as metastatic carcinoma, which recommends this method as an accurate tool for medical diagnostics. The only part that is missing is classification method. The goal of this research is to describe and apply a feed-forward neural network as an auxiliary diagnostic method for classification of multifractal parameters in order to determine primary cancer. 
### 45.Unpaired High-Resolution and Scalable Style Transfer Using Generative  Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05724.pdf)
> Neural networks have proven their capabilities by outperforming many other approaches on regression or classification tasks on various kinds of data. Other astonishing results have been achieved using neural nets as data generators, especially in settings of generative adversarial networks (GANs). One special application is the field of image domain translations. Here, the goal is to take an image with a certain style (e.g. a photography) and transform it into another one (e.g. a painting). If such a task is performed for unpaired training examples, the corresponding GAN setting is complex, the neural networks are large, and this leads to a high peak memory consumption during, both, training and evaluation phase. This sets a limit to the highest processable image size. We address this issue by the idea of not processing the whole image at once, but to train and evaluate the domain translation on the level of overlapping image subsamples. This new approach not only enables us to translate high-resolution images that otherwise cannot be processed by the neural network at once, but also allows us to work with comparably small neural networks and with limited hardware resources. Additionally, the number of images required for the training process is significantly reduced. We present high-quality results on images with a total resolution of up to over 50 megapixels and emonstrate that our method helps to preserve local image details while it also keeps global consistency. 
### 46.ACIQ: Analytical Clipping for Integer Quantization of neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05723.pdf)
> Unlike traditional approaches that focus on the quantization at the network level, in this work we propose to minimize the quantization effect at the tensor level. We analyze the trade-off between quantization noise and clipping distortion in low precision networks. We identify the statistics of various tensors, and derive exact expressions for the mean-square-error degradation due to clipping. By optimizing these expressions, we show marked improvements over standard quantization schemes that normally avoid clipping. For example, just by choosing the accurate clipping values, more than 40\% accuracy improvement is obtained for the quantization of VGG16-BN to 4-bits of precision. Our results have many applications for the quantization of neural networks at both training and inference time. One immediate application is for a rapid deployment of neural networks to low-precision accelerators without time-consuming fine tuning or the availability of the full datasets. 
### 47.Does Haze Removal Help CNN-based Image Classification?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05716.pdf)
> Hazy images are common in real scenarios and many dehazing methods have been developed to automatically remove the haze from images. Typically, the goal of image dehazing is to produce clearer images from which human vision can better identify the object and structural details present in the images. When the ground-truth haze-free image is available for a hazy image, quantitative evaluation of image dehazing is usually based on objective metrics, such as Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR) and Structural Similarity (SSIM). However, in many applications, large-scale images are collected not for visual examination by human. Instead, they are used for many high-level vision tasks, such as automatic classification, recognition and categorization. One fundamental problem here is whether various dehazing methods can produce clearer images that can help improve the performance of the high-level tasks. In this paper, we empirically study this problem in the important task of image classification by using both synthetic and real hazy image datasets. From the experimental results, we find that the existing image-dehazing methods cannot improve much the image-classification performance and sometimes even reduce the image-classification performance. 
### 48.Bottom-up Attention, Models of  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05680.pdf)
> In this review, we examine the recent progress in saliency prediction and proposed several avenues for future research. In spite of tremendous efforts and huge progress, there is still room for improvement in terms finer-grained analysis of deep saliency models, evaluation measures, datasets, annotation methods, cognitive studies, and new applications. This chapter will appear in Encyclopedia of Computational Neuroscience. 
### 49.The highD Dataset: A Drone Dataset of Naturalistic Vehicle Trajectories  on German Highways for Validation of Highly Automated Driving Systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05642.pdf)
> Scenario-based testing for the safety validation of highly automated vehicles is a promising approach that is being examined in research and industry. This approach heavily relies on data from real-world scenarios to derive the necessary scenario information for testing. Measurement data should be collected at a reasonable effort, contain naturalistic behavior of road users and include all data relevant for a description of the identified scenarios in sufficient quality. However, the current measurement methods fail to meet at least one of the requirements. Thus, we propose a novel method to measure data from an aerial perspective for scenario-based validation fulfilling the mentioned requirements. Furthermore, we provide a large-scale naturalistic vehicle trajectory dataset from German highways called highD. We evaluate the data in terms of quantity, variety and contained scenarios. Our dataset consists of 16.5 hours of measurements from six locations with 110 000 vehicles, a total driven distance of 45 000 km and 5600 recorded complete lane changes. The highD dataset is available online at: <a href="http://www.highD-dataset.com">this http URL</a> 
### 50.Deep Imitative Models for Flexible Inference, Planning, and Control  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06544.pdf)
> Imitation learning provides an appealing framework for autonomous control: in many tasks, demonstrations of preferred behavior can be readily obtained from human experts, removing the need for costly and potentially dangerous online data collection in the real world. However, policies learned with imitation learning have limited flexibility to accommodate varied goals at test time. Model-based reinforcement learning (MBRL) offers considerably more flexibility, since a predictive model learned from data can be used to achieve various goals at test time. However, MBRL suffers from two shortcomings. First, the predictive model does not help to choose desired or safe outcomes -- it reasons only about what is possible, not what is preferred. Second, MBRL typically requires additional online data collection to ensure that the model is accurate in those situations that are actually encountered when attempting to achieve test time goals. Collecting this data with a partially trained model can be dangerous and time-consuming. In this paper, we aim to combine the benefits of imitation learning and MBRL, and propose imitative models: probabilistic predictive models able to plan expert-like trajectories to achieve arbitrary goals. We find this method substantially outperforms both direct imitation and MBRL in a simulated autonomous driving task, and can be learned efficiently from a fixed set of expert demonstrations without additional online data collection. We also show our model can flexibly incorporate user-supplied costs as test-time, can plan to sequences of goals, and can even perform well with imprecise goals, including goals on the wrong side of the road. 
### 51.Deep Surface Light Fields  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06514.pdf)
> A surface light field represents the radiance of rays originating from any points on the surface in any directions. Traditional approaches require ultra-dense sampling to ensure the rendering quality. In this paper, we present a novel neural network based technique called deep surface light field or DSLF to use only moderate sampling for high fidelity rendering. DSLF automatically fills in the missing data by leveraging different sampling patterns across the vertices and at the same time eliminates redundancies due to the network's prediction capability. For real data, we address the image registration problem as well as conduct texture-aware remeshing for aligning texture edges with vertices to avoid blurring. Comprehensive experiments show that DSLF can further achieve high data compression ratio while facilitating real-time rendering on the GPU. 
### 52.Real-Time Visual Tracking and Identification for a Team of Homogeneous  Humanoid Robots  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06411.pdf)
> The use of a team of humanoid robots to collaborate in completing a task is an increasingly important field of research. One of the challenges in achieving collaboration, is mutual identification and tracking of the robots. This work presents a real-time vision-based approach to the detection and tracking of robots of known appearance, based on the images captured by a stationary robot. A Histogram of Oriented Gradients descriptor is used to detect the robots and the robot headings are estimated by a multiclass classifier. The tracked robots report their own heading estimate from magnetometer readings. For tracking, a cost function based on position and heading is applied to each of the tracklets, and a globally optimal labeling of the detected robots is found using the Hungarian algorithm. The complete identification and tracking system was tested using two igus Humanoid Open Platform robots on a soccer field. We expect that a similar system can be used with other humanoid robots, such as Nao and DARwIn-OP 
### 53.Sparse-View CT Reconstruction via Convolutional Sparse Coding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06228.pdf)
> Traditional dictionary learning based CT reconstruction methods are patch-based and the features learned with these methods often contain shifted versions of the same features. To deal with these problems, the convolutional sparse coding (CSC) has been proposed and introduced into various applications. In this paper, inspired by the successful applications of CSC in the field of signal processing, we propose a novel sparse-view CT reconstruction method based on CSC with gradient regularization on feature maps. By directly working on whole image, which need not to divide the image into overlapped patches like dictionary learning based methods, the proposed method can maintain more details and avoid the artifacts caused by patch aggregation. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method has better performance than several existing algorithms in both qualitative and quantitative aspects. 
### 54.A Simple Change Comparison Method for Image Sequences Based on  Uncertainty Coefficient  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.06055.pdf)
> For identification of change information in image sequences, most studies focus on change detection in one image sequence, while few studies have considered the change level comparison between two different image sequences. Moreover, most studies require the detection of image information in details, for example, object detection. Based on Uncertainty Coefficient(UC), this paper proposes an innovative method CCUC for change comparison between two image sequences. The proposed method is computationally efficient and simple to implement. The change comparison stems from video monitoring system. The limited number of provided screens and a large number of monitoring cameras require the videos or image sequences ordered by change level. We demonstrate this new method by applying it on two publicly available image sequences. The results are able to show the method can distinguish the different change level for sequences. 
### 55.Porosity Amount Estimation in Stones Based on Combination of One  Dimensional Local Binary Patterns and Image Normalization Technique  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05922.pdf)
> Since now, many approaches has been proposed for surface defect detection based on image texture analysis techniques. One of the efficient texture analysis operations is local binary patterns which provides good accuracy. 
### 56.No-reference Image Denoising Quality Assessment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05919.pdf)
> A wide variety of image denoising methods are available now. However, the performance of a denoising algorithm often depends on individual input noisy images as well as its parameter setting. In this paper, we present a no-reference image denoising quality assessment method that can be used to select for an input noisy image the right denoising algorithm with the optimal parameter setting. This is a challenging task as no ground truth is available. This paper presents a data-driven approach to learn to predict image denoising quality. Our method is based on the observation that while individual existing quality metrics and denoising models alone cannot robustly rank denoising results, they often complement each other. We accordingly design denoising quality features based on these existing metrics and models and then use Random Forests Regression to aggregate them into a more powerful unified metric. Our experiments on images with various types and levels of noise show that our no-reference denoising quality assessment method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art quality metrics. This paper also provides a method that leverages our quality assessment method to automatically tune the parameter settings of a denoising algorithm for an input noisy image to produce an optimal denoising result. 
### 57.Graph HyperNetworks for Neural Architecture Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05749.pdf)
> Neural architecture search (NAS) automatically finds the best task-specific neural network topology, outperforming many manual architecture designs. However, it can be prohibitively expensive as the search requires training thousands of different networks, while each can last for hours. In this work, we propose the Graph HyperNetwork (GHN) to amortize the search cost: given an architecture, it directly generates the weights by running inference on a graph neural network. GHNs model the topology of an architecture and therefore can predict network performance more accurately than regular hypernetworks and premature early stopping. To perform NAS, we randomly sample architectures and use the validation accuracy of networks with GHN generated weights as the surrogate search signal. GHNs are fast -- they can search nearly 10 times faster than other random search methods on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet. GHNs can be further extended to the anytime prediction setting, where they have found networks with better speed-accuracy tradeoff than the state-of-the-art manual designs. 
### 58.Computational ghost imaging using a field-programmable gate array  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05670.pdf)
> Computational ghost imaging is a promising technique for single-pixel imaging because it is robust to disturbance and can be operated over broad wavelength bands, unlike common cameras. However, one disadvantage of this method is that it has a long calculation time for image reconstruction. In this paper, we have designed a dedicated calculation circuit that accelerated the process of computational ghost imaging. We implemented this circuit by using a field-programmable gate array, which reduced the calculation time for the circuit compared to a CPU. The dedicated circuit reconstructs images at a frame rate of 300 Hz. 
