# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 19 Oct 2018
### 1.Convolutional Collaborative Filter Network for Video Based  Recommendation Systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.08189.pdf)
> This analysis explores the temporal sequencing of objects in a movie trailer. Temporal sequencing of objects in a movie trailer (e.g., a long shot of an object vs intermittent short shots) can convey information about the type of movie, plot of the movie, role of the main characters, and the filmmakers cinematographic choices. When combined with historical customer data, sequencing analysis can be used to improve predictions of customer behavior. E.g., a customer buys tickets to a new movie and maybe the customer has seen movies in the past that contained similar sequences. To explore object sequencing in movie trailers, we propose a video convolutional network to capture actions and scenes that are predictive of customers' preferences. The model learns the specific nature of sequences for different types of objects (e.g., cars vs faces), and the role of sequences in predicting customer future behavior. We show how such a temporal-aware model outperforms simple feature pooling methods proposed in our previous works and, importantly, demonstrate the additional model explain-ability allowed by such a model. 
### 2.Salience Biased Loss for Object Detection in Aerial Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.08103.pdf)
> Object detection in remote sensing, especially in aerial images, remains a challenging problem due to low image resolution, complex backgrounds, and variation of scale and angles of objects in images. In current implementations, multi-scale based and angle-based networks have been proposed and generate promising results with aerial image detection. In this paper, we propose a novel loss function, called Salience Biased Loss (SBL), for deep neural networks, which uses salience information of the input image to achieve improved performance for object detection. Our novel loss function treats training examples differently based on input complexity in order to avoid the over-contribution of easy cases in the training process. In our experiments, RetinaNet was trained with SBL to generate an one-stage detector, SBL-RetinaNet. SBL-RetinaNet is applied to the largest existing public aerial image dataset, DOTA. Experimental results show our proposed loss function with the RetinaNet architecture outperformed other state-of-art object detection models by at least 4.31 mAP, and RetinaNet by 2.26 mAP with the same inference speed of RetinaNet. 
### 3.DeepLens: Shallow Depth Of Field From A Single Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.08100.pdf)
> We aim to generate high resolution shallow depth-of-field (DoF) images from a single all-in-focus image with controllable focal distance and aperture size. To achieve this, we propose a novel neural network model comprised of a depth prediction module, a lens blur module, and a guided upsampling module. All modules are differentiable and are learned from data. To train our depth prediction module, we collect a dataset of 2462 RGB-D images captured by mobile phones with a dual-lens camera, and use existing segmentation datasets to improve border prediction. We further leverage a synthetic dataset with known depth to supervise the lens blur and guided upsampling modules. The effectiveness of our system and training strategies are verified in the experiments. Our method can generate high-quality shallow DoF images at high resolution, and produces significantly fewer artifacts than the baselines and existing solutions for single image shallow DoF synthesis. Compared with the iPhone portrait mode, which is a state-of-the-art shallow DoF solution based on a dual-lens depth camera, our method generates comparable results, while allowing for greater flexibility to choose focal points and aperture size, and is not limited to one capture setup. 
### 4.Stochastic Distance Transform  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.08097.pdf)
> The distance transform (DT) and its many variations are ubiquitous tools for image processing and analysis. In many imaging scenarios, the images of interest are corrupted by noise. This has a strong negative impact on the accuracy of the DT, which is highly sensitive to spurious noise points. In this study, we consider images represented as discrete random sets and observe statistics of DT computed on such representations. We, thus, define a stochastic distance transform (SDT), which has an adjustable robustness to noise. Both a stochastic Monte Carlo method and a deterministic method for computing the SDT are proposed and compared. Through a series of empirical tests, we demonstrate that the SDT is effective not only in improving the accuracy of the computed distances in the presence of noise, but also in improving the performance of template matching and watershed segmentation of partially overlapping objects, which are examples of typical applications where DTs are utilized. 
### 5.Implicit Dual-domain Convolutional Network for Robust Color Image  Compression Artifact Reduction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.08042.pdf)
> Several dual-domain convolutional neural network-based methods show outstanding performance in reducing image compression artifacts. However, they suffer from handling color images because the compression processes for gray-scale and color images are completely different. Moreover, these methods train a specific model for each compression quality and require multiple models to achieve different compression qualities. To address these problems, we proposed an implicit dual-domain convolutional network (IDCN) with the pixel position labeling map and the quantization tables as inputs. Specifically, we proposed an extractor-corrector framework-based dual-domain correction unit (DRU) as the basic component to formulate the IDCN. A dense block was introduced to improve the performance of extractor in DRU. The implicit dual-domain translation allows the IDCN to handle color images with the discrete cosine transform (DCT)-domain priors. A flexible version of IDCN (IDCN-f) was developed to handle a wide range of compression qualities. Experiments for both objective and subjective evaluations on benchmark datasets show that IDCN is superior to the state-of-the-art methods and IDCN-f exhibits excellent abilities to handle a wide range of compression qualities with little performance sacrifice and demonstrates great potential for practical applications. 
### 6.Optical Font Recognition in Smartphone-Captured Images, and its  Applicability for ID Forgery Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.08016.pdf)
> In this paper, we consider the problem of detecting counterfeit identity documents in images captured with smartphones. As the number of documents contain special fonts, we study the applicability of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for detection of the conformance of the fonts used with the ones, corresponding to the government standards. Here, we use multi-task learning to differentiate samples by both fonts and characters and compare the resulting classifier with its analogue trained for binary font classification. We train neural networks for authenticity estimation of the fonts used in machine-readable zones and ID numbers of the Russian national passport and test them on samples of individual characters acquired from 3238 images of the Russian national passport. Our results show that the usage of multi-task learning increases sensitivity and specificity of the classifier. Moreover, the resulting CNNs demonstrate high generalization ability as they correctly classify fonts which were not present in the training set. We conclude that the proposed method is sufficient for authentication of the fonts and can be used as a part of the forgery detection system for images acquired with a smartphone camera. 
### 7.LeukoNet: DCT-based CNN architecture for the classification of normal  versus Leukemic blasts in B-ALL Cancer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07961.pdf)
> Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) constitutes approximately 25% of the pediatric cancers. In general, the task of identifying immature leukemic blasts from normal cells under the microscope is challenging because morphologically the images of the two cells appear similar. In this paper, we propose a deep learning framework for classifying immature leukemic blasts and normal cells. The proposed model combines the Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) domain features extracted via CNN with the Optical Density (OD) space features to build a robust classifier. Elaborate experiments have been conducted to validate the proposed LeukoNet classifier. 
### 8.S-Net: A Scalable Convolutional Neural Network for JPEG Compression  Artifact Reduction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07960.pdf)
> Recent studies have used deep residual convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for JPEG compression artifact reduction. This study proposes a scalable CNN called S-Net. Our approach effectively adjusts the network scale dynamically in a multitask system for real-time operation with little performance loss. It offers a simple and direct technique to evaluate the performance gains obtained with increasing network depth, and it is helpful for removing redundant network layers to maximize the network efficiency. We implement our architecture using the Keras framework with the TensorFlow backend on an NVIDIA K80 GPU server. We train our models on the DIV2K dataset and evaluate their performance on public benchmark datasets. To validate the generality and universality of the proposed method, we created and utilized a new dataset, called WIN143, for over-processed images evaluation. Experimental results indicate that our proposed approach outperforms other CNN-based methods and achieves state-of-the-art performance. 
### 9.Accurate and Scalable Image Clustering Based On Sparse Representation of  Camera Fingerprint  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07945.pdf)
> Clustering images according to their acquisition devices is a well-known problem in multimedia forensics, which is typically faced by means of camera Sensor Pattern Noise (SPN). Such an issue is challenging since SPN is a noise-like signal, hard to be estimated and easy to be attenuated or destroyed by many factors. Moreover, the high dimensionality of SPN hinders large-scale applications. Existing approaches are typically based on the correlation among SPNs in the pixel domain, which might not be able to capture intrinsic data structure in union of vector subspaces. In this paper, we propose an accurate clustering framework, which exploits linear dependencies among SPNs in their intrinsic vector subspaces. Such dependencies are encoded under sparse representations which are obtained by solving a Lasso problem with non-negativity constraint. The proposed framework is highly accurate in number of clusters estimation and fingerprint association. Moreover, our framework is scalable to the number of images and robust against double JPEG compression as well as the presence of outliers, owning big potential for real-world applications. Experimental results on Dresden and Vision database show that our proposed framework can adapt well to both medium-scale and large-scale contexts, and outperforms state-of-the-art methods. 
### 10.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Learning Eye Gaze from a Million  Synthetic Images: An Adversarial Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07926.pdf)
> With contemporary advancements of graphics engines, recent trend in deep learning community is to train models on automatically annotated simulated examples and apply on real data during test time. This alleviates the burden of manual annotation. However, there is an inherent difference of distributions between images coming from graphics engine and real world. Such domain difference deteriorates test time performances of models trained on synthetic examples. In this paper we address this issue with unsupervised adversarial feature adaptation across synthetic and real domain for the special use case of eye gaze estimation which is an essential component for various downstream HCI tasks. We initially learn a gaze estimator on annotated synthetic samples rendered from a 3D game engine and then adapt the features of unannotated real samples via a zero-sum minmax adversarial game against a domain discriminator following the recent paradigm of generative adversarial networks. Such adversarial adaptation forces features of both domains to be indistinguishable which enables us to use regression models trained on synthetic domain to be used on real samples. On the challenging MPIIGaze real life dataset, we outperform recent fully supervised methods trained on manually annotated real samples by appreciable margins and also achieve 13\% more relative gain after adaptation compared to the current benchmark method of SimGAN 
### 11.Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation via Class-Balanced  Self-Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07911.pdf)
> Recent deep networks achieved state of the art performance on a variety of semantic segmentation tasks. Despite such progress, these models often face challenges in real world `wild tasks' where large difference between labeled training/source data and unseen test/target data exists. In particular, such difference is often referred to as `domain gap', and could cause significantly decreased performance which cannot be easily remedied by further increasing the representation power. Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) seeks to overcome such problem without target domain labels. In this paper, we propose a novel UDA framework based on an iterative self-training procedure, where the problem is formulated as latent variable loss minimization, and can be solved by alternatively generating pseudo labels on target data and re-training the model with these labels. On top of self-training, we also propose a novel class-balanced self-training framework to avoid the gradual dominance of large classes on pseudo-label generation, and introduce spatial priors to refine generated labels. Comprehensive experiments show that the proposed methods achieve state of the art semantic segmentation performance under multiple major UDA settings. 
### 12.Decoupling Semantic Context and Color Correlation with multi-class cross  branch regularization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07901.pdf)
> Success and applicability of Deep Neural Network (DNN) based methods for mobile vision tasks inspired the research community to design efficient vision-based models for performance constrained embedded devices. This paper presents a novel design methodology for architecting light-weight and fast models for a class of mobile-based vision applications. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our architecture, we picked color constancy task, an essential and inherently present block in camera and imaging pipelines of all vision-based applications. Specifically, we present a multi-branch architecture that decouples processing of spatial context and color correlation present in an image, and later combine these two signals in order to predict a global property (e.g. global illumination of the scene). We also came up with an innovative implicit regularization technique called cross-branch regularization in our architectural design helping us in achieving higher generalization accuracy. With a conservative use of best operators available for learning semantic information and color properties, we show that our architecture is able to reach state of the art accuracy with 30X lesser model parameters and 70X faster inference time. This makes our method most suitable for real-time mobile vision use cases. We also show that our method is generic and with minimal tuning, can be applied to other vision applications such as low-light photography. 
### 13.Automatic Brain Tumor Segmentation using Convolutional Neural Networks  with Test-Time Augmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07884.pdf)
> Automatic brain tumor segmentation plays an important role for diagnosis, surgical planning and treatment assessment of brain tumors. Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely used for this task. Due to the relatively small data set for training, data augmentation at training time has been commonly used for better performance of CNNs. Recent works also demonstrated the usefulness of using augmentation at test time, in addition to training time, for achieving more robust predictions. We investigate how test-time augmentation can improve CNNs' performance for brain tumor segmentation. We used different underpinning network structures and augmented the image by 3D rotation, flipping, scaling and adding random noise at both training and test time. Experiments with BraTS 2018 training and validation set show that test-time augmentation helps to improve the brain tumor segmentation accuracy and obtain uncertainty estimation of the segmentation results. 
### 14.A Novel Focal Tversky loss function with improved Attention U-Net for  lesion segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07842.pdf)
> We propose a generalized focal loss function based on the Tversky index to address the issue of data imbalance in medical image segmentation. Compared to the commonly used Dice loss, our loss function achieves a better trade off between precision and recall when training on small structures such as lesions. To evaluate our loss function, we improve the attention U-Net model by incorporating an image pyramid to preserve contextual features. We experiment on the BUS 2017 dataset and ISIC 2018 dataset where lesions occupy 4.84% and 21.4% of the images area and improve segmentation accuracy when compared to the standard U-Net by 25.7% and 3.6%, respectively. 
### 15.LadderNet: Multi-path networks based on U-Net for medical image  segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07810.pdf)
> U-Net has been providing state-of-the-art performance in many medical image segmentation problems. Many modifications have been proposed for U-Net, such as attention U-Net, recurrent residual convolutional U-Net (R2-UNet), and U-Net with residual blocks or blocks with dense connections. However, all these modifications have an encoder-decoder structure with skip connections, and the number of paths for information flow is limited. We propose LadderNet in this paper, which can be viewed as a chain of multiple U-Nets. Instead of only one pair of encoder branch and decoder branch in U-Net, a LadderNet has multiple pairs of encoder-decoder branches, and has skip connections between every pair of adjacent decoder and decoder branches in each level. Inspired by the success of ResNet and R2-UNet, we use modified residual blocks where two convolutional layers in one block share the same weights. A LadderNet has more paths for information flow because of skip connections and residual blocks, and can be viewed as an ensemble of Fully Convolutional Networks (FCN). The equivalence to an ensemble of FCNs improves segmentation accuracy, while the shared weights within each residual block reduce parameter number. Semantic segmentation is essential for retinal disease detection. We tested LadderNet on two benchmark datasets for blood vessel segmentation in retinal images, and achieved superior performance over methods in the literature. 
### 16.A Convolutional Autoencoder Approach to Learn Volumetric Shape  Representations for Brain Structures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07746.pdf)
> We propose a novel machine learning strategy for studying neuroanatomical shape variation. Our model works with volumetric binary segmentation images, and requires no pre-processing such as the extraction of surface points or a mesh. The learned shape descriptor is invariant to affine transformations, including shifts, rotations and scaling. Thanks to the adopted autoencoder framework, inter-subject differences are automatically enhanced in the learned representation, while intra-subject variances are minimized. Our experimental results on a shape retrieval task showed that the proposed representation outperforms a state-of-the-art benchmark for brain structures extracted from MRI scans. 
### 17.Video Segmentation using Teacher-Student Adaptation in a Human Robot  Interaction (HRI) Setting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.07733.pdf)
> Video segmentation is a challenging task that has many applications in robotics. Learning segmentation from few examples on-line is important for robotics in unstructured environments. The total number of objects and their variation in the real world is intractable, but for a specific task the robot deals with a small subset. Our network is taught, by a human moving a hand-held object through different poses. A novel two-stream motion and appearance "teacher" network provides pseudo-labels. These labels are used to adapt an appearance "student" network. Segmentation can be used to support a variety of robot vision functionality, such as grasping or affordance segmentation. We propose different variants of motion adaptation training and extensively compare against the state-of-the-art methods. We collected a carefully designed dataset in the human robot interaction (HRI) setting. We denote our dataset as (L)ow-shot (O)bject (R)ecognition, (D)etection and (S)egmentation using HRI. Our dataset contains teaching videos of different hand-held objects moving in translation, scale and rotation. It contains kitchen manipulation tasks as well, performed by humans and robots. Our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art on DAVIS and FBMS with 7% and 1.2% in F-measure respectively. In our more challenging LORDS-HRI dataset, our approach achieves significantly better performance with 46.7% and 24.2% relative improvement in mIoU over the baseline. 
### 18.Exploiting High-Level Semantics for No-Reference Image Quality  Assessment of Realistic Blur Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.08169.pdf)
> To guarantee a satisfying Quality of Experience (QoE) for consumers, it is required to measure image quality efficiently and reliably. The neglect of the high-level semantic information may result in predicting a clear blue sky as bad quality, which is inconsistent with human perception. Therefore, in this paper, we tackle this problem by exploiting the high-level semantics and propose a novel no-reference image quality assessment method for realistic blur images. Firstly, the whole image is divided into multiple overlapping patches. Secondly, each patch is represented by the high-level feature extracted from the pre-trained deep convolutional neural network model. Thirdly, three different kinds of statistical structures are adopted to aggregate the information from different patches, which mainly contain some common statistics (i.e., the mean\&amp;standard deviation, quantiles and moments). Finally, the aggregated features are fed into a linear regression model to predict the image quality. Experiments show that, compared with low-level features, high-level features indeed play a more critical role in resolving the aforementioned challenging problem for quality estimation. Besides, the proposed method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on two realistic blur image databases and achieves comparable performance on two synthetic blur image databases. 
### 19.KTAN: Knowledge Transfer Adversarial Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.08126.pdf)
> To reduce the large computation and storage cost of a deep convolutional neural network, the knowledge distillation based methods have pioneered to transfer the generalization ability of a large (teacher) deep network to a light-weight (student) network. However, these methods mostly focus on transferring the probability distribution of the softmax layer in a teacher network and thus neglect the intermediate representations. In this paper, we propose a knowledge transfer adversarial network to better train a student network. Our technique holistically considers both intermediate representations and probability distributions of a teacher network. To transfer the knowledge of intermediate representations, we set high-level teacher feature maps as a target, toward which the student feature maps are trained. Specifically, we arrange a Teacher-to-Student layer for enabling our framework suitable for various student structures. The intermediate representation helps the student network better understand the transferred generalization as compared to the probability distribution only. Furthermore, we infuse an adversarial learning process by employing a discriminator network, which can fully exploit the spatial correlation of feature maps in training a student network. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method can significantly improve the performance of a student network on both image classification and object detection tasks. 
