# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 9 Oct 2018
### 1.Bootstrapped CNNs for Building Segmentation on RGB-D Aerial Imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03570.pdf)
> Detection of buildings and other objects from aerial images has various applications in urban planning and map making. Automated building detection from aerial imagery is a challenging task, as it is prone to varying lighting conditions, shadows and occlusions. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are robust against some of these variations, although they fail to distinguish easy and difficult examples. We train a detection algorithm from RGB-D images to obtain a segmented mask by using the CNN architecture DenseNet.First, we improve the performance of the model by applying a statistical re-sampling technique called Bootstrapping and demonstrate that more informative examples are retained. Second, the proposed method outperforms the non-bootstrapped version by utilizing only one-sixth of the original training data and it obtains a precision-recall break-even of 95.10% on our aerial imagery dataset. 
### 2.Trace Quotient with Sparsity Priors for Learning Low Dimensional Image  Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03523.pdf)
> This work studies the problem of learning appropriate low dimensional image representations. We propose a generic algorithmic framework, which leverages two classic representation learning paradigms, i.e., sparse representation and the trace quotient criterion. The former is a well-known powerful tool to identify underlying self-explanatory factors of data, while the latter is known for disentangling underlying low dimensional discriminative factors in data. Our developed solutions disentangle sparse representations of images by employing the trace quotient criterion. We construct a unified cost function, coined as the SPARse LOW dimensional representation (SparLow) function, for jointly learning both a sparsifying dictionary and a dimensionality reduction transformation. The SparLow function is widely applicable for developing various algorithms in three classic machine learning scenarios, namely, unsupervised, supervised, and semi-supervised learning. In order to develop efficient joint learning algorithms for maximizing the SparLow function, we deploy a framework of sparse coding with appropriate convex priors to ensure the sparse representations to be locally differentiable. Moreover, we develop an efficient geometric conjugate gradient algorithm to maximize the SparLow function on its underlying Riemannian manifold. Performance of the proposed SparLow algorithmic framework is investigated on several image processing tasks, such as 3D data visualization, face/digit recognition, and object/scene categorization. 
### 3.NSGA-NET: A Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithm for Neural Architecture  Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03522.pdf)
> This paper introduces NSGA-Net, an evolutionary approach for neural architecture search (NAS). NSGA-Net is designed with three goals in mind: (1) a NAS procedure for multiple, possibly conflicting, objectives, (2) efficient exploration and exploitation of the space of potential neural network architectures, and (3) output of a diverse set of network architectures spanning a trade-off frontier of the objectives in a single run. NSGA-Net is a population-based search algorithm that explores a space of potential neural network architectures in three steps, namely, a population initialization step that is based on prior-knowledge from hand-crafted architectures, an exploration step comprising crossover and mutation of architectures and finally an exploitation step that applies the entire history of evaluated neural architectures in the form of a Bayesian Network prior. Experimental results suggest that combining the objectives of minimizing both an error metric and computational complexity, as measured by FLOPS, allows NSGA-Net to find competitive neural architectures near the Pareto front of both objectives on two different tasks, object classification and object alignment. NSGA-Net obtains networks that achieve 3.72% (at 4.5 million FLOP) error on CIFAR-10 classification and 8.64% (at 26.6 million FLOP) error on the CMU-Car alignment task. Code available at: <a href="https://github.com/ianwhale/nsga-net">this https URL</a> 
### 4.CINIC-10 is not ImageNet or CIFAR-10  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03505.pdf)
> In this brief technical report we introduce the CINIC-10 dataset as a plug-in extended alternative for CIFAR-10. It was compiled by combining CIFAR-10 with images selected and downsampled from the ImageNet database. We present the approach to compiling the dataset, illustrate the example images for different classes, give pixel distributions for each part of the repository, and give some standard benchmarks for well known models. Details for download, usage, and compilation can be found in the associated github repository. 
### 5.State of the Art Optical Character Recognition of 19th Century Fraktur  Scripts using Open Source Engines  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03436.pdf)
> In this paper we evaluate Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of 19th century Fraktur scripts without book-specific training using mixed models, i.e. models trained to recognize a variety of fonts and typesets from previously unseen sources. We describe the training process leading to strong mixed OCR models and compare them to freely available models of the popular open source engines OCRopus and Tesseract as well as the commercial state of the art system ABBYY. For evaluation, we use a varied collection of unseen data from books, journals, and a dictionary from the 19th century. The experiments show that training mixed models with real data is superior to training with synthetic data and that the novel OCR engine Calamari outperforms the other engines considerably, on average reducing ABBYYs character error rate (CER) by over 70%, resulting in an average CER below 1%. 
### 6.MRI Super-Resolution using Multi-Channel Total Variation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03422.pdf)
> This paper presents a generative model for super-resolution in routine clinical magnetic resonance images (MRI), of arbitrary orientation and contrast. The model recasts the recovery of high resolution images as an inverse problem, in which a forward model simulates the slice-select profile of the MR scanner. The paper introduces a prior based on multi-channel total variation for MRI super-resolution. Bias-variance trade-off is handled by estimating hyper-parameters from the low resolution input scans. The model was validated on a large database of brain images. The validation showed that the model can improve brain segmentation, that it can recover anatomical information between images of different MR contrasts, and that it generalises well to the large variability present in MR images of different subjects. 
### 7.Dense Multimodal Fusion for Hierarchically Joint Representation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03414.pdf)
> Multiple modalities can provide more valuable information than single one by describing the same contents in various ways. Hence, it is highly expected to learn effective joint representation by fusing the features of different modalities. However, previous methods mainly focus on fusing the shallow features or high-level representations generated by unimodal deep networks, which only capture part of the hierarchical correlations across modalities. In this paper, we propose to densely integrate the representations by greedily stacking multiple shared layers between different modality-specific networks, which is named as Dense Multimodal Fusion (DMF). The joint representations in different shared layers can capture the correlations in different levels, and the connection between shared layers also provides an efficient way to learn the dependence among hierarchical correlations. These two properties jointly contribute to the multiple learning paths in DMF, which results in faster convergence, lower training loss, and better performance. We evaluate our model on three typical multimodal learning tasks, including audiovisual speech recognition, cross-modal retrieval, and multimodal classification. The noticeable performance in the experiments demonstrates that our model can learn more effective joint representation. 
### 8.Robust 6D Object Pose Estimation in Cluttered Scenes using Semantic  Segmentation and Pose Regression Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03410.pdf)
> Object pose estimation is a crucial prerequisite for robots to perform autonomous manipulation in clutter. Real-world bin-picking settings such as warehouses present additional challenges, e.g., new objects are added constantly. Most of the existing object pose estimation methods assume that 3D models of the objects is available beforehand. We present a pipeline that requires minimal human intervention and circumvents the reliance on the availability of 3D models by a fast data acquisition method and a synthetic data generation procedure. This work builds on previous work on semantic segmentation of cluttered bin-picking scenes to isolate individual objects in clutter. An additional network is trained on synthetic scenes to estimate object poses from a cropped object-centered encoding extracted from the segmentation results. The proposed method is evaluated on a synthetic validation dataset and cluttered real-world scenes. 
### 9.Deep LDA Hashing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03402.pdf)
> The conventional supervised hashing methods based on classification do not entirely meet the requirements of hashing technique, but Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) does. In this paper, we propose to perform a revised LDA objective over deep networks to learn efficient hashing codes in a truly end-to-end fashion. However, the complicated eigenvalue decomposition within each mini-batch in every epoch has to be faced with when simply optimizing the deep network w.r.t. the LDA objective. In this work, the revised LDA objective is transformed into a simple least square problem, which naturally overcomes the intractable problems and can be easily solved by the off-the-shelf optimizer. Such deep extension can also overcome the weakness of LDA Hashing in the limited linear projection and feature learning. Amounts of experiments are conducted on three benchmark datasets. The proposed Deep LDA Hashing shows nearly 70 points improvement over the conventional one on the CIFAR-10 dataset. It also beats several state-of-the-art methods on various metrics. 
### 10.A Survey on Periocular Biometrics Research  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03360.pdf)
> Periocular refers to the facial region in the vicinity of the eye, including eyelids, lashes and eyebrows. While face and irises have been extensively studied, the periocular region has emerged as a promising trait for unconstrained biometrics, following demands for increased robustness of face or iris systems. With a surprisingly high discrimination ability, this region can be easily obtained with existing setups for face and iris, and the requirement of user cooperation can be relaxed, thus facilitating the interaction with biometric systems. It is also available over a wide range of distances even when the iris texture cannot be reliably obtained (low resolution) or under partial face occlusion (close distances). Here, we review the state of the art in periocular biometrics research. A number of aspects are described, including: i) existing databases, ii) algorithms for periocular detection and/or segmentation, iii) features employed for recognition, iv) identification of the most discriminative regions of the periocular area, v) comparison with iris and face modalities, vi) soft-biometrics (gender/ethnicity classification), and vii) impact of gender transformation and plastic surgery on the recognition accuracy. This work is expected to provide an insight of the most relevant issues in periocular biometrics, giving a comprehensive coverage of the existing literature and current state of the art. 
### 11.Guiding Intelligent Surveillance System by learning-by-synthesis gaze  estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03286.pdf)
> We describe a novel learning-by-synthesis method for estimating gaze direction of an automated intelligent surveillance system. Recently, progress in learning-by-synthesis has proposed training models on synthetic images, which can effectively reduce the cost of manpower and material resources. However, learning from synthetic images still fails to achieve the desired performance compared to naturalistic images due to the different distribution of synthetic images. In an attempt to address this issue, previous method is to improve the realism of synthetic images by learning a model. However, the disadvantage of the method is that the distortion has not been improved and the authenticity level is unstable. To solve this problem, we put forward a new structure to improve synthetic images, via the reference to the idea of style transformation, through which we can efficiently reduce the distortion of pictures and minimize the need of real data annotation. We estimate that this enables generation of highly realistic images, which we demonstrate both qualitatively and with a user study. We quantitatively evaluate the generated images by training models for gaze estimation. We show a significant improvement over using synthetic images, and achieve state-of-the-art results on various datasets including MPIIGaze dataset. 
### 12.Light-Weight RefineNet for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03272.pdf)
> We consider an important task of effective and efficient semantic image segmentation. In particular, we adapt a powerful semantic segmentation architecture, called RefineNet, into the more compact one, suitable even for tasks requiring real-time performance on high-resolution inputs. To this end, we identify computationally expensive blocks in the original setup, and propose two modifications aimed to decrease the number of parameters and floating point operations. By doing that, we achieve more than twofold model reduction, while keeping the performance levels almost intact. Our fastest model undergoes a significant speed-up boost from 20 FPS to 55 FPS on a generic GPU card on 512x512 inputs with solid 81.1% mean iou performance on the test set of PASCAL VOC, while our slowest model with 32 FPS (from original 17 FPS) shows 82.7% mean iou on the same dataset. Alternatively, we showcase that our approach is easily mixable with light-weight classification networks: we attain 79.2% mean iou on PASCAL VOC using a model that contains only 3.3M parameters and performs only 9.3B floating point operations. 
### 13.Patient-Specific 3D Volumetric Reconstruction of Bioresorbable Stents: A  Method to Generate 3D Geometries for Computational Analysis of Coronaries  Treated with Bioresorbable Stents  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03270.pdf)
> As experts continue to debate the optimal surgery practice for coronary disease - percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) or coronary aortic bypass graft (CABG) - computational tools may provide a quantitative assessment of each option. Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) has been used to assess the interplay between hemodynamics and stent struts; it is of particular interest in Bioresorbable Vascular Stents (BVS), since their thicker struts may result in impacted flow patterns and possible pathological consequences. Many proofs of concept are presented in the literature; however, a practical method for extracting patient-specific stented coronary artery geometries from images over a large number of patients remains an open problem. <br />This work provides a possible pipeline for the reconstruction of the BVS. Using Optical Coherence Tomographies (OCT) and Invasive Coronary Angiographies (ICA), we can reconstruct the 3D geometry of deployed BVS in vivo. We illustrate the stent reconstruction process: (i) automatic strut detection, (ii) identification of stent components, (iii) 3D registration of stent curvature, and (iv) final stent volume reconstruction. The methodology is designed for use on clinical OCT images, as opposed to approaches that relied on a small number of virtually deployed stents. <br />The proposed reconstruction process is validated with a virtual phantom stent, providing quantitative assessment of the methodology, and with selected clinical cases, confirming feasibility. Using multimodality image analysis, we obtain reliable reconstructions within a reasonable timeframe. This work is the first step toward a fully automated reconstruction and simulation procedure aiming at an extensive quantitative analysis of the impact of BVS struts on hemodynamics via CFD in clinical trials, going beyond the proof-of-concept stage. 
### 14.Triple Attention Mixed Link Network for Single Image Super Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03254.pdf)
> Single image super resolution is of great importance as a low-level computer vision task. Recent approaches with deep convolutional neural networks have achieved im-pressive performance. However, existing architectures have limitations due to the less sophisticated structure along with less strong representational power. In this work, to significantly enhance the feature representation, we proposed Triple Attention mixed link Network (TAN) which consists of 1) three different aspects (i.e., kernel, spatial and channel) of attention mechanisms and 2) fu-sion of both powerful residual and dense connections (i.e., mixed link). Specifically, the network with multi kernel learns multi hierarchical representations under different receptive fields. The output features are recalibrated by the effective kernel and channel attentions and feed into next layer partly residual and partly dense, which filters the information and enable the network to learn more powerful representations. The features finally pass through the spatial attention in the reconstruction network which generates a fusion of local and global information, let the network restore more details and improves the quality of reconstructed images. Thanks to the diverse feature recalibrations and the advanced information flow topology, our proposed model is strong enough to per-form against the state-of-the-art methods on the bench-mark evaluations. 
### 15.High-quality Ellipse Detection Based on Arc-support Line Segments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03243.pdf)
> Over the years many ellipse detection algorithms spring up and are studied broadly, while the critical issue of detecting ellipses accurately and efficiently in real-world images remains a challenge. In this paper, an accurate and efficient ellipse detector by arc-support line segments is proposed. The arc-support line segment simplifies the complicated expression of curves in an image while retains the general properties including convexity and polarity, which grounds the successful detection of ellipses. The arc-support groups are formed by iteratively and robustly linking the arc-support line segments that latently belong to a common ellipse at point statistics level. Afterward, two complementary approaches, namely, selecting the group with higher saliency to fit an ellipse, and searching all the valid paired arc-support groups, are utilized to generate the initial ellipse set, both locally and globally. In ellipse fitting step, a superposition principle for the fast ellipse fitting is developed to accelerate the process. Then, the ellipse candidates can be formulated by the hierarchical clustering of 5D parameter space of initial ellipse set. Finally, the salient ellipse candidates are selected as detections subject to the stringent and effective verification. Extensive experiments on three public datasets are implemented and our method achieves the best F-measure scores compared to the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 16.Diagnosing Convolutional Neural Networks using their Spectral Response  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03241.pdf)
> Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are a class of artificial neural networks whose computational blocks use convolution, together with other linear and non-linear operations, to perform classification or regression. This paper explores the spectral response of CNNs and its potential use in diagnosing problems with their training. We measure the gain of CNNs trained for image classification on ImageNet and observe that the best models are also the most sensitive to perturbations of their input. Further, we perform experiments on MNIST and CIFAR-10 to find that the gain rises as the network learns and then saturates as the network converges. Moreover, we find that strong gain fluctuations can point to overfitting and learning problems caused by a poor choice of learning rate. We argue that the gain of CNNs can act as a diagnostic tool and potential replacement for the validation loss when hold-out validation data are not available. 
### 17.A look at the topology of convolutional neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03234.pdf)
> Convolutional neural networks (CNN's) are powerful and widely used tools. However, their interpretability is far from ideal. In this paper we use topological data analysis to investigate what various CNN's learn. We show that the weights of convolutional layers at depths from 1 through 13 learn simple global structures. We also demonstrate the change of the simple structures over the course of training. In particular, we define and analyze the spaces of spatial filters of convolutional layers and show the recurrence, among all networks, depths, and during training, of a simple circle consisting of rotating edges, as well as a less recurring unanticipated complex circle that combines lines, edges, and non-linear patterns. We train over a thousand CNN's on MNIST and CIFAR-10, as well as use VGG-networks pretrained on ImageNet. 
### 18.Image Completion on CIFAR-10  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03213.pdf)
> This project performed image completion on CIFAR-10, a dataset of 60,000 32x32 RGB images, using three different neural network architectures: fully convolutional networks, convolutional networks with fully connected layers, and encoder-decoder convolutional networks. The highest performing model was a deep fully convolutional network, which was able to achieve a mean squared error of .015 when comparing the original image pixel values with the predicted pixel values. As well, this network was able to output in-painted images which appeared real to the human eye. 
### 19.Small Infrared Target Detection Using Absolute Directional Mean  Difference Algorithm  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03173.pdf)
> Infrared small target detection in an infrared search and track (IRST) system is a challenging task. This situation becomes more complicated when high gray-intensity structural backgrounds appear in the field of view (FoV) of the infrared seeker. While the majority of the infrared small target detection algorithms neglect directional information, in this paper, a directional approach is presented to suppress structural backgrounds and develop more effective detection algorithm. To this end, a similar concept to the average absolute gray difference (AAGD) is utilized to construct a directional small target detection algorithm called absolute directional mean difference (ADMD). Also, an efficient implementation procedure is presented for the proposed algorithm. The proposed algorithm effectively enhances the target area and eliminates background clutter. Simulation results on real infrared images prove the significant effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. 
### 20.Finding Correspondences for Optical Flow and Disparity Estimations using  a Sub-pixel Convolution-based Encoder-Decoder Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03155.pdf)
> Deep convolutional neural networks (DCNN) have recently shown promising results in low-level computer vision problems such as optical flow and disparity estimation, but still, have much room to further improve their performance. In this paper, we propose a novel sub-pixel convolution-based encoder-decoder network for optical flow and disparity estimations, which can extend FlowNetS and DispNet by replacing the deconvolution layers with sup-pixel convolution blocks. By using sub-pixel refinement and estimation on the decoder stages instead of deconvolution, we can significantly improve the estimation accuracy for optical flow and disparity, even with reduced numbers of parameters. We show a supervised end-to-end training of our proposed networks for optical flow and disparity estimations, and an unsupervised end-to-end training for monocular depth and pose estimations. In order to verify the effectiveness of our proposed networks, we perform intensive experiments for (i) optical flow and disparity estimations, and (ii) monocular depth and pose estimations. Throughout the extensive experiments, our proposed networks outperform the baselines such as FlowNetS and DispNet in terms of estimation accuracy and training times. 
### 21.Coronary Artery Centerline Extraction in Cardiac CT Angiography Using a  CNN-Based Orientation Classifier  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03143.pdf)
> Coronary artery centerline extraction in cardiac CT angiography (CCTA) images is a prerequisite for evaluation of stenoses and atherosclerotic plaque. We propose an algorithm that extracts coronary artery centerlines in CCTA using a convolutional neural network (CNN). <br />A 3D dilated CNN is trained to predict the most likely direction and radius of an artery at any given point in a CCTA image based on a local image patch. Starting from a single seed point placed manually or automatically anywhere in a coronary artery, a tracker follows the vessel centerline in two directions using the predictions of the CNN. Tracking is terminated when no direction can be identified with high certainty. <br />The CNN was trained using 32 manually annotated centerlines in a training set consisting of 8 CCTA images provided in the MICCAI 2008 Coronary Artery Tracking Challenge (CAT08). Evaluation using 24 test images of the CAT08 challenge showed that extracted centerlines had an average overlap of 93.7% with 96 manually annotated reference centerlines. Extracted centerline points were highly accurate, with an average distance of 0.21 mm to reference centerline points. In a second test set consisting of 50 CCTA scans, 5,448 markers in the coronary arteries were used as seed points to extract single centerlines. This showed strong correspondence between extracted centerlines and manually placed markers. In a third test set containing 36 CCTA scans, fully automatic seeding and centerline extraction led to extraction of on average 92% of clinically relevant coronary artery segments. <br />The proposed method is able to accurately and efficiently determine the direction and radius of coronary arteries. The method can be trained with limited training data, and once trained allows fast automatic or interactive extraction of coronary artery trees from CCTA images. 
### 22.DeepGeo: Photo Localization with Deep Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03077.pdf)
> In this paper we address the task of determining the geographical location of an image, a pertinent problem in learning and computer vision. This research was inspired from playing GeoGuessr, a game that tests a humans' ability to localize themselves using just images of their surroundings. In particular, we wish to investigate how geographical, ecological and man-made features generalize for random location prediction. This is framed as a classification problem: given images sampled from the USA, the most-probable state among 50 is predicted. Previous work uses models extensively trained on large, unfiltered online datasets that are primed towards specific locations. To this end, we create (and open-source) the 50States10K dataset - with 0.5 million Google Street View images of the country. A deep neural network based on the ResNet architecture is trained, and four different strategies of incorporating low-level cardinality information are presented. This model achieves an accuracy 20 times better than chance on a test dataset, which rises to 71.87% when taking the best of top-5 guesses. The network also beats human subjects in 4 out of 5 rounds of GeoGuessr. 
### 23.Training Convolutional Neural Networks and Compressed Sensing End-to-End  for Microscopy Cell Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03075.pdf)
> Automated cell detection and localization from microscopy images are significant tasks in biomedical research and clinical practice. In this paper, we design a new cell detection and localization algorithm that combines deep convolutional neural network (CNN) and compressed sensing (CS) or sparse coding (SC) for end-to-end training. We also derive, for the first time, a backpropagation rule, which is applicable to train any algorithm that implements a sparse code recovery layer. The key observation behind our algorithm is that cell detection task is a point object detection task in computer vision, where the cell centers (i.e., point objects) occupy only a tiny fraction of the total number of pixels in an image. Thus, we can apply compressed sensing (or, equivalently sparse coding) to compactly represent a variable number of cells in a projected space. Then, CNN regresses this compressed vector from the input microscopy image. Thanks to the SC/CS recovery algorithm (L1 optimization) that can recover sparse cell locations from the output of CNN. We train this entire processing pipeline end-to-end and demonstrate that end-to-end training provides accuracy improvements over a training paradigm that treats CNN and CS-recovery layers separately. Our algorithm design also takes into account a form of ensemble average of trained models naturally to further boost accuracy of cell detection. We have validated our algorithm on benchmark datasets and achieved excellent performances. 
### 24.Deep Model-Based 6D Pose Refinement in RGB  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03065.pdf)
> We present a novel approach for model-based 6D pose refinement in color data. Building on the established idea of contour-based pose tracking, we teach a deep neural network to predict a translational and rotational update. At the core, we propose a new visual loss that drives the pose update by aligning object contours, thus avoiding the definition of any explicit appearance model. In contrast to previous work our method is correspondence-free, segmentation-free, can handle occlusion and is agnostic to geometrical symmetry as well as visual ambiguities. Additionally, we observe a strong robustness towards rough initialization. The approach can run in real-time and produces pose accuracies that come close to 3D ICP without the need for depth data. Furthermore, our networks are trained from purely synthetic data and will be published together with the refinement code to ensure reproducibility. 
### 25.Context-Aware Deep Spatio-Temporal Network for Hand Pose Estimation from  Depth Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.02994.pdf)
> As a fundamental and challenging problem in computer vision, hand pose estimation aims to estimate the hand joint locations from depth images. Typically, the problem is modeled as learning a mapping function from images to hand joint coordinates in a data-driven manner. In this paper, we propose Context-Aware Deep Spatio-Temporal Network (CADSTN), a novel method to jointly model the spatio-temporal properties for hand pose estimation. Our proposed network is able to learn the representations of the spatial information and the temporal structure from the image sequences. Moreover, by adopting adaptive fusion method, the model is capable of dynamically weighting different predictions to lay emphasis on sufficient context. Our method is examined on two common benchmarks, the experimental results demonstrate that our proposed approach achieves the best or the second-best performance with state-of-the-art methods and runs in 60fps. 
### 26.Camera Model Identification Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.02981.pdf)
> Source camera identification is the process of determining which camera or model has been used to capture an image. In the recent years, there has been a rapid growth of research interest in the domain of forensics. In the current work, we describe our Deep Learning approach to the camera detection task of 10 cameras as a part of the Camera Model Identification Challenge hosted by Kaggle.com where our team finished 2nd out of 582 teams with the accuracy on the unseen data of 98%. We used aggressive data augmentations that allowed a model to stay robust against transformations. A number of experiments are carried out on datasets collected by organizers and scraped from the web. 
### 27.FD-GAN: Pose-guided Feature Distilling GAN for Robust Person  Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.02936.pdf)
> Person re-identification (reID) is an important task that requires to retrieve a person's images from an image dataset, given one image of the person of interest. For learning robust person features, the pose variation of person images is one of the key challenges. Existing works targeting the problem either perform human alignment, or learn human-region-based representations. Extra pose information and computational cost is generally required for inference. To solve this issue, a Feature Distilling Generative Adversarial Network (FD-GAN) is proposed for learning identity-related and pose-unrelated representations. It is a novel framework based on a Siamese structure with multiple novel discriminators on human poses and identities. In addition to the discriminators, a novel same-pose loss is also integrated, which requires appearance of a same person's generated images to be similar. After learning pose-unrelated person features with pose guidance, no auxiliary pose information and additional computational cost is required during testing. Our proposed FD-GAN achieves state-of-the-art performance on three person reID datasets, which demonstrates that the effectiveness and robust feature distilling capability of the proposed FD-GAN. 
### 28.Generic Model-Agnostic Convolutional Neural Network for Single Image  Dehazing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.02862.pdf)
> Haze and smog are among the most common environmental factors impacting image quality and, therefore, image analysis. This paper proposes an end-to-end generative method for image dehazing. It is based on designing a fully convolutional neural network to recognize haze structures in input images and restore clear, haze-free images. The proposed method is agnostic in the sense that it does not explore the atmosphere scattering model. Somewhat surprisingly, it achieves superior performance relative to all existing state-of-the-art methods for image dehazing even on SOTS outdoor images, which are synthesized using the atmosphere scattering model. 
### 29.Deep Probabilistic Video Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.02845.pdf)
> We propose a variational inference approach to deep probabilistic video compression. Our model uses advances in variational autoencoders (VAEs) for sequential data and combines it with recent work on neural image compression. The approach jointly learns to transform the original video into a lower-dimensional representation as well as to entropy code this representation according to a temporally-conditioned probabilistic model. We split the latent space into local (per frame) and global (per segment) variables, and show that training the VAE to utilize both representations leads to an improved rate-distortion performance. Evaluation on small videos from public data sets with varying complexity and diversity show that our model yields competitive results when trained on generic video content. Extreme compression performance is achieved for videos with specialized content if the model is trained on similar videos. 
### 30.A Comparison between Background Modelling Methods for Vehicle  Segmentation in Highway Traffic Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.02835.pdf)
> The objective of this paper is to compare the performance of three background-modeling algorithms in segmenting and detecting vehicles in highway traffic videos. All algorithms are available in OpenCV and were all coded in Python. We analyzed seven videos, totaling 2 hours of recording. To compare the algorithms, we created 35 ground-truth images, five from each video, and we used three different metrics: accuracy rate, precision rate, and processing time. By using accuracy and precision, we aim to identify how well the algorithms perform in detection and segmentation, while using the processing time to evaluate the impact on the computational system. Results indicate that all three algorithms had more than 90% of precision rate, while obtaining an average of 80% on accuracy. The algorithm with the lowest impact on processing time allowed the computation of 60 frames per second. 
### 31.CanvasGAN: A simple baseline for text to image generation by  incrementally patching a canvas  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.02833.pdf)
> We propose a new recurrent generative model for generating images from text captions while attending on specific parts of text captions. Our model creates images by incrementally adding patches on a "canvas" while attending on words from text caption at each timestep. Finally, the canvas is passed through an upscaling network to generate images. We also introduce a new method for generating visual-semantic sentence embeddings based on self-attention over text. We compare our model's generated images with those generated Reed et. al.'s model and show that our model is a stronger baseline for text to image generation tasks. 
### 32.SFV: Reinforcement Learning of Physical Skills from Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03599.pdf)
> Data-driven character animation based on motion capture can produce highly naturalistic behaviors and, when combined with physics simulation, can provide for natural procedural responses to physical perturbations, environmental changes, and morphological discrepancies. Motion capture remains the most popular source of motion data, but collecting mocap data typically requires heavily instrumented environments and actors. In this paper, we propose a method that enables physically simulated characters to learn skills from videos (SFV). Our approach, based on deep pose estimation and deep reinforcement learning, allows data-driven animation to leverage the abundance of publicly available video clips from the web, such as those from YouTube. This has the potential to enable fast and easy design of character controllers simply by querying for video recordings of the desired behavior. The resulting controllers are robust to perturbations, can be adapted to new settings, can perform basic object interactions, and can be retargeted to new morphologies via reinforcement learning. We further demonstrate that our method can predict potential human motions from still images, by forward simulation of learned controllers initialized from the observed pose. Our framework is able to learn a broad range of dynamic skills, including locomotion, acrobatics, and martial arts. 
### 33.Deep learning cardiac motion analysis for human survival prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03382.pdf)
> Motion analysis is used in computer vision to understand the behaviour of moving objects in sequences of images. Optimising the interpretation of dynamic biological systems requires accurate and precise motion tracking as well as efficient representations of high-dimensional motion trajectories so that these can be used for prediction tasks. Here we use image sequences of the heart, acquired using cardiac magnetic resonance imaging, to create time-resolved three-dimensional segmentations using a fully convolutional network trained on anatomical shape priors. This dense motion model formed the input to a supervised denoising autoencoder (4Dsurvival), which is a hybrid network consisting of an autoencoder that learns a task-specific latent code representation trained on observed outcome data, yielding a latent representation optimised for survival prediction. To handle right-censored survival outcomes, our network used a Cox partial likelihood loss function. In a study of 302 patients the predictive accuracy (quantified by Harrell's C-index) was significantly higher (p &lt; .0001) for our model C=0.73 (95$\%$ CI: 0.68 - 0.78) than the human benchmark of C=0.59 (95$\%$ CI: 0.53 - 0.65). This work demonstrates how a complex computer vision task using high-dimensional medical image data can efficiently predict human survival. 
### 34.TV-regularized CT Reconstruction and Metal Artifact Reduction Using  Inequality Constraints with Preconditioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03275.pdf)
> Total variation(TV) regularization is applied to X-Ray computed tomography(CT) in an effort to reduce metal artifacts. Tikhonov regularization with $L^2$ data fidelity term and total variation regularization is augmented in this novel model by inequality constraints on sinogram data affected by metal to model errors caused by metal. The formulated problem is discretized and solved using the Chambolle-Pock algorithm. Faster convergence is achieved using preconditioning in a Douglas-Rachford spitting method as well as Advanced Direction Method of Multipliers(ADMM). The methods are applied to real and synthetic data demonstrating feasibility of the model to reduce metal artifacts. Technical details of CT data used and its processing are given in the appendix. 
### 35.Task-Embedded Control Networks for Few-Shot Imitation Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03237.pdf)
> Much like humans, robots should have the ability to leverage knowledge from previously learned tasks in order to learn new tasks quickly in new and unfamiliar environments. Despite this, most robot learning approaches have focused on learning a single task, from scratch, with a limited notion of generalisation, and no way of leveraging the knowledge to learn other tasks more efficiently. One possible solution is meta-learning, but many of the related approaches are limited in their ability to scale to a large number of tasks and to learn further tasks without forgetting previously learned ones. With this in mind, we introduce Task-Embedded Control Networks, which employ ideas from metric learning in order to create a task embedding that can be used by a robot to learn new tasks from one or more demonstrations. In the area of visually-guided manipulation, we present simulation results in which we surpass the performance of a state-of-the-art method when using only visual information from each demonstration. Additionally, we demonstrate that our approach can also be used in conjunction with domain randomisation to train our few-shot learning ability in simulation and then deploy in the real world without any additional training. Once deployed, the robot can learn new tasks from a single real-world demonstration. 
### 36.ASVRG: Accelerated Proximal SVRG  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03105.pdf)
> This paper proposes an accelerated proximal stochastic variance reduced gradient (ASVRG) method, in which we design a simple and effective momentum acceleration trick. Unlike most existing accelerated stochastic variance reduction methods such as Katyusha, ASVRG has only one additional variable and one momentum parameter. Thus, ASVRG is much simpler than those methods, and has much lower per-iteration complexity. We prove that ASVRG achieves the best known oracle complexities for both strongly convex and non-strongly convex objectives. In addition, we extend ASVRG to mini-batch and non-smooth settings. We also empirically verify our theoretical results and show that the performance of ASVRG is comparable with, and sometimes even better than that of the state-of-the-art stochastic methods. 
### 37.Subspace Tracking from Missing and Outlier Corrupted Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03051.pdf)
> We study the related problems of subspace tracking in the presence of missing data (ST-miss) as well as robust subspace tracking with missing data (RST-miss). Here "robust" refers to robustness to sparse outliers. In recent work, we have studied the RST problem without missing data. In this work, we show that simple modifications of our solution approach for RST also provably solve ST-miss and RST-miss under weaker and similar assumptions respectively. To our knowledge, our result is the first complete guarantee for both ST-miss and RST-miss. This means we are able to show that, under assumptions on only the algorithm inputs (input data and/or initialization), the output subspace estimates are close to the true data subspaces at all times. Our guarantees hold under mild and easily interpretable assumptions and handle time-varying subspaces (unlike all previous work). We also show that our algorithm and its extensions are fast and have competitive experimental performance when compared with existing methods. 
### 38.Robustness via Retrying: Closed-Loop Robotic Manipulation with  Self-Supervised Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.03043.pdf)
> Prediction is an appealing objective for self-supervised learning of behavioral skills, particularly for autonomous robots. However, effectively utilizing predictive models for control, especially with raw image inputs, poses a number of major challenges. How should the predictions be used? What happens when they are inaccurate? In this paper, we tackle these questions by proposing a method for learning robotic skills from raw image observations, using only autonomously collected experience. We show that even an imperfect model can complete complex tasks if it can continuously retry, but this requires the model to not lose track of the objective (e.g., the object of interest). To enable a robot to continuously retry a task, we devise a self-supervised algorithm for learning image registration, which can keep track of objects of interest for the duration of the trial. We demonstrate that this idea can be combined with a video-prediction based controller to enable complex behaviors to be learned from scratch using only raw visual inputs, including grasping, repositioning objects, and non-prehensile manipulation. Our real-world experiments demonstrate that a model trained with 160 robot hours of autonomously collected, unlabeled data is able to successfully perform complex manipulation tasks with a wide range of objects not seen during training. 
### 39.CDF Transform-Shift: An effective way to deal with inhomogeneous density  datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.02897.pdf)
> Many distance-based algorithms exhibit bias towards dense clusters in inhomogeneous datasets (i.e., those which contain clusters in both dense and sparse regions of the space). For example, density-based clustering algorithms tend to join neighbouring dense clusters together into a single group in the presence of a sparse cluster; while distance-based anomaly detectors exhibit difficulty in detecting local anomalies which are close to a dense cluster in datasets also containing sparse clusters. In this paper, we propose the CDF Transform-Shift (CDF-TS) algorithm which is based on a multi-dimensional Cumulative Distribution Function (CDF) transformation. It effectively converts a dataset with clusters of inhomogeneous density to one with clusters of homogeneous density, i.e., the data distribution is converted to one in which all locally low/high-density locations become globally low/high-density locations. Thus, after performing the proposed Transform-Shift, a single global density threshold can be used to separate the data into clusters and their surrounding noise points. Our empirical evaluations show that CDF-TS overcomes the shortcomings of existing density-based clustering and distance-based anomaly detection algorithms and significantly improves their performance. 
