# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 3 Oct 2018
### 1.Semi-dense Stereo Matching using Dual CNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01369.pdf)
> A robust solution for semi-dense stereo matching is presented. It utilizes two CNN models for computing stereo matching cost and performing confidence-based filtering, respectively. Compared to existing CNNs-based matching cost generation approaches, our method feeds additional global information into the network so that the learned model can better handle challenging cases, such as lighting changes and lack of textures. Through utilizing non-parametric transforms, our method is also more self-reliant than most existing semi-dense stereo approaches, which rely highly on the adjustment of parameters. The experimental results based on Middlebury Stereo dataset demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art semi-dense stereo approaches. 
### 2.FutureGAN: Anticipating the Future Frames of Video Sequences using  Spatio-Temporal 3d Convolutions in Progressively Growing Autoencoder GANs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01325.pdf)
> We propose a new Autoencoder GAN model, FutureGAN, that predicts future frames of a video sequence given a sequence of past frames. Our approach extends the recently introduced progressive growing of GANs (PGGAN) architecture by Karras et al. [18]. During training, the resolution of the input and output frames is gradually increased by progressively adding layers in both the discriminator and the generator network. To learn representations that effectively capture the spatial and temporal components of a frame sequence, we use spatio-temporal 3d convolutions. We already achieve promising results for frame resolutions of 128 x 128 px over a variety of datasets ranging from synthetic to natural frame sequences, while theoretically not being limited to a specific frame resolution. The FutureGAN learns to generate plausible futures, learning representations that seem to effectively capture the spatial and the temporal transformations of the input frames. A great advantage of our architecture, in comparison to the majority of other video prediction models, is its simplicity. The model receives solely the raw pixel values as an input, generating output frames effectively, without relying on additional constraints, conditions, or complex pixel-based error loss metrics. 
### 3.Marrying Tracking with ELM: A Metric Constraint Guided Multiple Feature  Fusion Method  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01271.pdf)
> Object Tracking is one important problem in computer vision and surveillance system. The existing models mainly exploit the single-view feature (i.e. color, texture, shape) to solve the problem, failing to describe the objects comprehensively. In this paper, we solve the problem from multi-view perspective by leveraging multi-view complementary and latent information, so as to be robust to the partial occlusion and background clutter especially when the objects are similar to the target, meanwhile addressing tracking drift. However, one big problem is that multi-view fusion strategy can inevitably result tracking into non-efficiency. To this end, we propose to marry ELM (Extreme learning machine) to multi-view fusion to train the global hidden output weight, to effectively exploit the local information from each view. Following this principle, we propose a novel method to obtain the optimal sample as the target object, which avoids tracking drift resulting from noisy samples. Our method is evaluated over 12 challenge image sequences challenged with different attributes including illumination, occlusion, deformation, etc., which demonstrates better performance than several state-of-the-art methods in terms of effectiveness and robustness. 
### 4.Characterization of Visual Object Representations in Rat Primary Visual  Cortex  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01193.pdf)
> For most animal species, quick and reliable identification of visual objects is critical for survival. This applies also to rodents, which, in recent years, have become increasingly popular models of visual functions. For this reason in this work we analyzed how various properties of visual objects are represented in rat primary visual cortex (V1). The analysis has been carried out through supervised (classification) and unsupervised (clustering) learning methods. We assessed quantitatively the discrimination capabilities of V1 neurons by demonstrating how photometric properties (luminosity and object position in the scene) can be derived directly from the neuronal responses. 
### 5.Adversarial Examples - A Complete Characterisation of the Phenomenon  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01185.pdf)
> We provide a complete characterisation of the phenomenon of adversarial examples - inputs intentionally crafted to fool machine learning models. We aim to cover all the important concerns in this field of study: (1) the conjectures on the existence of adversarial examples, (2) the security, safety and robustness implications, (3) the methods used to generate and (4) protect against adversarial examples and (5) the ability of adversarial examples to transfer between different machine learning models. We provide ample background information in an effort to make this document self-contained. Therefore, this document can be used as survey, tutorial or as a catalog of attacks and defences using adversarial examples. 
### 6.An Entropic Optimal Transport Loss for Learning Deep Neural Networks  under Label Noise in Remote Sensing Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01163.pdf)
> Deep neural networks have established as a powerful tool for large scale supervised classification tasks. The state-of-the-art performances of deep neural networks are conditioned to the availability of large number of accurately labeled samples. In practice, collecting large scale accurately labeled datasets is a challenging and tedious task in most scenarios of remote sensing image analysis, thus cheap surrogate procedures are employed to label the dataset. Training deep neural networks on such datasets with inaccurate labels easily overfits to the noisy training labels and degrades the performance of the classification tasks drastically. To mitigate this effect, we propose an original solution with entropic optimal transportation. It allows to learn in an end-to-end fashion deep neural networks that are, to some extent, robust to inaccurately labeled samples. We empirically demonstrate on several remote sensing datasets, where both scene and pixel-based hyperspectral images are considered for classification. Our method proves to be highly tolerant to significant amounts of label noise and achieves favorable results against state-of-the-art methods. 
### 7.Learning Discriminators as Energy Networks in Adversarial Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01152.pdf)
> We propose a novel framework for structured prediction via adversarial learning. Existing adversarial learning methods involve two separate networks, i.e., the structured prediction models and the discriminative models, in the training. The information captured by discriminative models complements that in the structured prediction models, but few existing researches have studied on utilizing such information to improve structured prediction models at the inference stage. In this work, we propose to refine the predictions of structured prediction models by effectively integrating discriminative models into the prediction. Discriminative models are treated as energy-based models. Similar to the adversarial learning, discriminative models are trained to estimate scores which measure the quality of predicted outputs, while structured prediction models are trained to predict contrastive outputs with maximal energy scores. In this way, the gradient vanishing problem is ameliorated, and thus we are able to perform inference by following the ascent gradient directions of discriminative models to refine structured prediction models. The proposed method is able to handle a range of tasks, e.g., multi-label classification and image segmentation. Empirical results on these two tasks validate the effectiveness of our learning method. 
### 8.Know What Your Neighbors Do: 3D Semantic Segmentation of Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01151.pdf)
> In this paper, we present a deep learning architecture which addresses the problem of 3D semantic segmentation of unstructured point clouds. Compared to previous work, we introduce grouping techniques which define point neighborhoods in the initial world space and the learned feature space. Neighborhoods are important as they allow to compute local or global point features depending on the spatial extend of the neighborhood. Additionally, we incorporate dedicated loss functions to further structure the learned point feature space: the pairwise distance loss and the centroid loss. We show how to apply these mechanisms to the task of 3D semantic segmentation of point clouds and report state-of-the-art performance on indoor and outdoor datasets. 
### 9.Training compact deep learning models for video classification using  circulant matrices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01140.pdf)
> In real world scenarios, model accuracy is hardly the only factor to consider. Large models consume more memory and are computationally more intensive, which make them difficult to train and to deploy, especially on mobile devices. In this paper, we build on recent results at the crossroads of Linear Algebra and Deep Learning which demonstrate how imposing a structure on large weight matrices can be used to reduce the size of the model. Building on these results, we propose very compact models for video classification based on state-of-the-art network architectures such as Deep Bag-of-Frames, NetVLAD and NetFisherVectors. We then conduct thorough experiments using the large Youtube-8M video classification dataset. As we will show, the circulant DBoF embedding achieves an excellent trade-off between size and accuracy. 
### 10.Target Aware Network Adaptation for Efficient Representation Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01104.pdf)
> This paper presents an automatic network adaptation method that finds a ConvNet structure well-suited to a given target task, e.g., image classification, for efficiency as well as accuracy in transfer learning. We call the concept target-aware transfer learning. Given only small-scale labeled data, and starting from an ImageNet pre-trained network, we exploit a scheme of removing its potential redundancy for the target task through iterative operations of filter-wise pruning and network optimization. The basic motivation is that compact networks are on one hand more efficient and should also be more tolerant, being less complex, against the risk of overfitting which would hinder the generalization of learned representations in the context of transfer learning. Further, unlike existing methods involving network simplification, we also let the scheme identify redundant portions across the entire network, which automatically results in a network structure adapted to the task at hand. We achieve this with a few novel ideas: (i) cumulative sum of activation statistics for each layer, and (ii) a priority evaluation of pruning across multiple layers. Experimental results by the method on five datasets (Flower102, CUB200-2011, Dog120, MIT67, and Stanford40) show favorable accuracies over the related state-of-the-art techniques while enhancing the computational and storage efficiency of the transferred model. 
### 11.Ancient Coin Classification Using Graph Transduction Games  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01091.pdf)
> Recognizing the type of an ancient coin requires theoretical expertise and years of experience in the field of numismatics. Our goal in this work is automatizing this time consuming and demanding task by a visual classification framework. Specifically, we propose to model ancient coin image classification using Graph Transduction Games (GTG). GTG casts the classification problem as a non-cooperative game where the players (the coin images) decide their strategies (class labels) according to the choices made by the others, which results with a global consensus at the final labeling. Experiments are conducted on the only publicly available dataset which is composed of 180 images of 60 types of Roman coins. We demonstrate that our approach outperforms the literature work on the same dataset with the classification accuracy of 73.6% and 87.3% when there are one and two images per class in the training set, respectively. 
### 12.NU-LiteNet: Mobile Landmark Recognition using Convolutional Neural  Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01074.pdf)
> The growth of high-performance mobile devices has resulted in more research into on-device image recognition. The research problems are the latency and accuracy of automatic recognition, which remains obstacles to its real-world usage. Although the recently developed deep neural networks can achieve accuracy comparable to that of a human user, some of them still lack the necessary latency. This paper describes the development of the architecture of a new convolutional neural network model, NU-LiteNet. For this, SqueezeNet was developed to reduce the model size to a degree suitable for smartphones. The model size of NU-LiteNet is therefore 2.6 times smaller than that of SqueezeNet. The recognition accuracy of NU-LiteNet also compared favorably with other recently developed deep neural networks, when experiments were conducted on two standard landmark databases. 
### 13.Cloud Chaser: Real Time Deep Learning Computer Vision on Low Computing  Power Devices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01069.pdf)
> Internet of Things(IoT) devices, mobile phones, and robotic systems are often denied the power of deep learning algorithms due to their limited computing power. However, to provide time critical services such as emergency response, home assistance, surveillance, etc, these devices often need real time analysis of their camera data. This paper strives to offer a viable approach to integrate high-performance deep learning based computer vision algorithms with low-resource and low-power devices by leveraging the computing power of the cloud. By offloading the computation work to the cloud, no dedicated hardware is needed to enable deep neural networks on existing low computing power devices. A Raspberry Pi based robot, Cloud Chaser, is built to demonstrate the power of using cloud computing to perform real time vision tasks. Furthermore, to reduce latency and improve real time performance, compression algorithms are proposed and evaluated for streaming real-time video frames to the cloud. 
### 14.CNN-SVO: Improving the Mapping in Semi-Direct Visual Odometry Using  Single-Image Depth Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01011.pdf)
> Reliable feature correspondence between frames is a critical step in visual odometry (VO) and visual simultaneous localization and mapping (V-SLAM) algorithms. In comparison with existing VO and V-SLAM algorithms, semi-direct visual odometry (SVO) has two main advantages that lead to state-of-the-art frame rate camera motion estimation: direct pixel correspondence and efficient implementation of probabilistic mapping method. This paper improves the SVO mapping by initializing the mean and the variance of the depth at a feature location according to the depth prediction from a single-image depth prediction network. By significantly reducing the depth uncertainty of the initialized map point (i.e., small variance centred about the depth prediction), the benefits are twofold: reliable feature correspondence between views and fast convergence to the true depth in order to create new map points. We evaluate our method with two outdoor datasets: KITTI dataset and Oxford Robotcar dataset. The experimental results indicate that the improved SVO mapping results in increased robustness and camera tracking accuracy. 
### 15.Inertial-aided Motion Deblurring with Deep Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00986.pdf)
> We propose an inertial-aided deblurring method that incorporates gyroscope measurements into a convolutional neural network (CNN). With the help of inertial measurements, it can handle extremely strong and spatially-variant motion blur. At the same time, the image data is used to overcome the limitations of gyro-based blur estimation. To train our network, we also introduce a novel way of generating realistic training data using the gyroscope. The evaluation shows a clear improvement in visual quality over the state-of-the-art while achieving real-time performance. Furthermore, the method is shown to improve the performance of existing feature detectors and descriptors against the motion blur. 
### 16.Natural measures of alignment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00965.pdf)
> Natural coordinate system will be proposed. In this coordinate system alignment procedure of a device and a detector can be easily performed. This approach is generalization of previous specific formulas in the field of calibration and provide top level description of the procedure. A basic example application to linac therapy plan is also provided. 
### 17.Automatic Skin Lesion Segmentation Using GrabCut in HSV Colour Space  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00871.pdf)
> Skin lesion segmentation is one of the first steps towards automatic Computer-Aided Diagnosis of skin cancer. Vast variety in the appearance of the skin lesion makes this task very challenging. The contribution of this paper is to apply a power foreground extraction technique called GrabCut for automatic skin lesion segmentation with minimal human interaction in HSV color space. Preprocessing was performed for removing the outer black border. Jaccard Index was measured to evaluate the performance of the segmentation method. On average, 0.71 Jaccard Index was achieved on 1000 images from ISIC challenge 2017 Training Dataset. 
### 18.Super-Resolution via Conditional Implicit Maximum Likelihood Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01406.pdf)
> Single-image super-resolution (SISR) is a canonical problem with diverse applications. Leading methods like SRGAN produce images that contain various artifacts, such as high-frequency noise, hallucinated colours and shape distortions, which adversely affect the realism of the result. In this paper, we propose an alternative approach based on an extension of the method of Implicit Maximum Likelihood Estimation (IMLE). We demonstrate greater effectiveness at noise reduction and preservation of the original colours and shapes, yielding more realistic super-resolved images. 
### 19.On Self Modulation for Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01365.pdf)
> Training Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) is notoriously challenging. We propose and study an architectural modification, self-modulation, which improves GAN performance across different data sets, architectures, losses, regularizers, and hyperparameter settings. Intuitively, self-modulation allows the intermediate feature maps of a generator to change as a function of the input noise vector. While reminiscent of other conditioning techniques, it requires no labeled data. In a large-scale empirical study we observe a relative decrease of $5\%-35\%$ in FID. Furthermore, all else being equal, adding this modification to the generator leads to improved performance in $124/144$ ($86\%$) of the studied settings. Self-modulation is a simple architectural change that requires no additional parameter tuning, which suggests that it can be applied readily to any GAN. 
### 20.Continuous Learning of Context-dependent Processing in Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01256.pdf)
> Deep artificial neural networks (DNNs) are powerful tools for recognition and classification as they learn sophisticated mapping rules between the inputs and the outputs. {However, the rules that learned by the majority of current DNNs used for pattern recognition are largely fixed and do not vary with different conditions.} This limits the network's ability to work in more complex and dynamical situations in which the mapping rules themselves are not fixed but constantly change according to contexts, such as different environments and goals. Inspired by the role of the prefrontal cortex (PFC) in mediating context-dependent processing in the primate brain, here we propose a novel approach, involving a learning algorithm named orthogonal weights modification (OWM) with the addition of a PFC-like module, that enables networks to continually learn different mapping rules in a context-dependent way. We demonstrate that with OWM to protect previously acquired knowledge, the networks could sequentially learn up to thousands of different mapping rules without interference, and needing as few as $\sim$10 samples to learn each, reaching a human level ability in online, continual learning. In addition, by using a PFC-like module to enable contextual information to modulate the representation of sensory features, a network could sequentially learn different, context-specific mappings for identical stimuli. Taken together, these approaches allow us to teach a single network numerous context-dependent mapping rules in an online, continual manner. This would enable highly compact systems to gradually learn myriad of regularities of the real world and eventually behave appropriately within it. 
### 21.AI Benchmark: Running Deep Neural Networks on Android Smartphones  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01109.pdf)
> Over the last years, the computational power of mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets has grown dramatically, reaching the level of desktop computers available not long ago. While standard smartphone apps are no longer a problem for them, there is still a group of tasks that can easily challenge even high-end devices, namely running artificial intelligence algorithms. In this paper, we present a study of the current state of deep learning in the Android ecosystem and describe available frameworks, programming models and the limitations of running AI on smartphones. We give an overview of the hardware acceleration resources available on four main mobile chipset platforms: Qualcomm, HiSilicon, MediaTek and Samsung. Additionally, we present the real-world performance results of different mobile SoCs collected with AI Benchmark that are covering all main existing hardware configurations. 
### 22.Reinforcement Learning with Perturbed Rewards  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01032.pdf)
> Recent studies have shown the vulnerability of reinforcement learning (RL) models in noisy settings. The sources of noises differ across scenarios. For instance, in practice, the observed reward channel is often subject to noise (e.g., when observed rewards are collected through sensors), and thus observed rewards may not be credible as a result. Also, in applications such as robotics, a deep reinforcement learning (DRL) algorithm can be manipulated to produce arbitrary errors. In this paper, we consider noisy RL problems where observed rewards by RL agents are generated with a reward confusion matrix. We call such observed rewards as perturbed rewards. We develop an unbiased reward estimator aided robust RL framework that enables RL agents to learn in noisy environments while observing only perturbed rewards. Our framework draws upon approaches for supervised learning with noisy data. The core ideas of our solution include estimating a reward confusion matrix and defining a set of unbiased surrogate rewards. We prove the convergence and sample complexity of our approach. Extensive experiments on different DRL platforms show that policies based on our estimated surrogate reward can achieve higher expected rewards, and converge faster than existing baselines. For instance, the state-of-the-art PPO algorithm is able to obtain 67.5% and 46.7% improvements in average on five Atari games, when the error rates are 10% and 30% respectively. 
### 23.Learning Hash Codes via Hamming Distance Targets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.01008.pdf)
> We present a powerful new loss function and training scheme for learning binary hash codes with any differentiable model and similarity function. Our loss function improves over prior methods by using log likelihood loss on top of an accurate approximation for the probability that two inputs fall within a Hamming distance target. Our novel training scheme obtains a good estimate of the true gradient by better sampling inputs and evaluating loss terms between all pairs of inputs in each minibatch. To fully leverage the resulting hashes, we use multi-indexing. We demonstrate that these techniques provide large improvements to a similarity search tasks. We report the best results to date on competitive information retrieval tasks for ImageNet and SIFT 1M, improving MAP from 73% to 84% and reducing query cost by a factor of 2-8, respectively. 
### 24.Improved robustness to adversarial examples using Lipschitz  regularization of the loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00953.pdf)
> Adversarial training is an effective method for improving robustness to adversarial attacks. We show that adversarial training using the Fast Signed Gradient Method can be interpreted as a form of regularization. We implemented a more effective form of adversarial training, which in turn can be interpreted as regularization of the loss in the 2-norm, $\|\nabla_x \ell(x)\|_2$. We obtained further improvements to adversarial robustness, as well as provable robustness guarantees, by augmenting adversarial training with Lipschitz regularization. 
### 25.Visual Curiosity: Learning to Ask Questions to Learn Visual Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00912.pdf)
> In an open-world setting, it is inevitable that an intelligent agent (e.g., a robot) will encounter visual objects, attributes or relationships it does not recognize. In this work, we develop an agent empowered with visual curiosity, i.e. the ability to ask questions to an Oracle (e.g., human) about the contents in images (e.g., What is the object on the left side of the red cube?) and build visual recognition model based on the answers received (e.g., Cylinder). In order to do this, the agent must (1) understand what it recognizes and what it does not, (2) formulate a valid, unambiguous and informative language query (a question) to ask the Oracle, (3) derive the parameters of visual classifiers from the Oracle response and (4) leverage the updated visual classifiers to ask more clarified questions. Specifically, we propose a novel framework and formulate the learning of visual curiosity as a reinforcement learning problem. In this framework, all components of our agent, visual recognition module (to see), question generation policy (to ask), answer digestion module (to understand) and graph memory module (to memorize), are learned entirely end-to-end to maximize the reward derived from the scene graph obtained by the agent as a consequence of the dialog with the Oracle. Importantly, the question generation policy is disentangled from the visual recognition system and specifics of the environment. Consequently, we demonstrate a sort of double generalization. Our question generation policy generalizes to new environments and a new pair of eyes, i.e., new visual system. Trained on a synthetic dataset, our results show that our agent learns new visual concepts significantly faster than several heuristic baselines, even when tested on synthetic environments with novel objects, as well as in a realistic environment. 
### 26.Privado: Practical and Secure DNN Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1810.00602.pdf)
> Recently, cloud providers have extended support for trusted hardware primitives such as Intel SGX. Simultaneously, the field of deep learning is seeing enormous innovation and increase in adoption. In this paper, we therefore ask the question: "Can third-party cloud services use SGX to provide practical, yet secure DNN Inference-as-a-service? " Our work addresses the three main challenges that SGX-based DNN inferencing faces, namely, security, ease-of-use, and performance. <br />We first demonstrate that side-channel based attacks on DNN models are indeed possible. We show that, by observing access patterns, we can recover inputs to the DNN model. This motivates the need for Privado, a system we have designed for secure inference-as-a-service. Privado is input-oblivious: it transforms any deep learning framework written in C/C++ to be free of input-dependent access patterns. Privado is fully-automated and has a low TCB: with zero developer effort, given an ONNX description, it generates compact C code for the model which can run within SGX-enclaves. Privado has low performance overhead: we have used Privado with Torch, and have shown its overhead to be 20.77\% on average on 10 contemporary networks. 
