# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 28 Jul 2021
### 1.A Physiologically-adapted Gold Standard for Arousal During a Stress Induced Scenario  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12964.pdf)
>  Emotion is an inherently subjective psychophysiological human-state and to produce an agreed-upon representation (gold standard) for continuous emotion requires a time-consuming and costly training procedure of multiple human annotators. There is strong evidence in the literature that physiological signals are sufficient objective markers for states of emotion, particularly arousal. In this contribution, we utilise a dataset which includes continuous emotion and physiological signals - Heartbeats per Minute (BPM), Electrodermal Activity (EDA), and Respiration-rate - captured during a stress induced scenario (Trier Social Stress Test). We utilise a Long Short-Term Memory, Recurrent Neural Network to explore the benefit of fusing these physiological signals with arousal as the target, learning from various audio, video, and textual based features. We utilise the state-of-the-art MuSe-Toolbox to consider both annotation delay and inter-rater agreement weighting when fusing the target signals. An improvement in Concordance Correlation Coefficient (CCC) is seen across features sets when fusing EDA with arousal, compared to the arousal only gold standard results. Additionally, BERT-based textual features' results improved for arousal plus all physiological signals, obtaining up to .3344 CCC compared to .2118 CCC for arousal only. Multimodal fusion also improves overall CCC with audio plus video features obtaining up to .6157 CCC to recognize arousal plus EDA and BPM.      
### 2.Enriching Local and Global Contexts for Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12960.pdf)
>  Effectively tackling the problem of temporal action localization (TAL) necessitates a visual representation that jointly pursues two confounding goals, i.e., fine-grained discrimination for temporal localization and sufficient visual invariance for action classification. We address this challenge by enriching both the local and global contexts in the popular two-stage temporal localization framework, where action proposals are first generated followed by action classification and temporal boundary regression. Our proposed model, dubbed ContextLoc, can be divided into three sub-networks: L-Net, G-Net and P-Net. L-Net enriches the local context via fine-grained modeling of snippet-level features, which is formulated as a query-and-retrieval process. G-Net enriches the global context via higher-level modeling of the video-level representation. In addition, we introduce a novel context adaptation module to adapt the global context to different proposals. P-Net further models the context-aware inter-proposal relations. We explore two existing models to be the P-Net in our experiments. The efficacy of our proposed method is validated by experimental results on the THUMOS14 (54.3\% at IoU@0.5) and ActivityNet v1.3 (51.24\% at IoU@0.5) datasets, which outperforms recent states of the art.      
### 3.Predicting Take-over Time for Autonomous Driving with Real-World Data: Robust Data Augmentation, Models, and Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12932.pdf)
>  Understanding occupant-vehicle interactions by modeling control transitions is important to ensure safe approaches to passenger vehicle automation. Models which contain contextual, semantically meaningful representations of driver states can be used to determine the appropriate timing and conditions for transfer of control between driver and vehicle. However, such models rely on real-world control take-over data from drivers engaged in distracting activities, which is costly to collect. Here, we introduce a scheme for data augmentation for such a dataset. Using the augmented dataset, we develop and train take-over time (TOT) models that operate sequentially on mid and high-level features produced by computer vision algorithms operating on different driver-facing camera views, showing models trained on the augmented dataset to outperform the initial dataset. The demonstrated model features encode different aspects of the driver state, pertaining to the face, hands, foot and upper body of the driver. We perform ablative experiments on feature combinations as well as model architectures, showing that a TOT model supported by augmented data can be used to produce continuous estimates of take-over times without delay, suitable for complex real-world scenarios.      
### 4.StarEnhancer: Learning Real-Time and Style-Aware Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12898.pdf)
>  Image enhancement is a subjective process whose targets vary with user preferences. In this paper, we propose a deep learning-based image enhancement method covering multiple tonal styles using only a single model dubbed StarEnhancer. It can transform an image from one tonal style to another, even if that style is unseen. With a simple one-time setting, users can customize the model to make the enhanced images more in line with their aesthetics. To make the method more practical, we propose a well-designed enhancer that can process a 4K-resolution image over 200 FPS but surpasses the contemporaneous single style image enhancement methods in terms of PSNR, SSIM, and LPIPS. Finally, our proposed enhancement method has good interactability, which allows the user to fine-tune the enhanced image using intuitive options.      
### 5.RGL-NET: A Recurrent Graph Learning framework for Progressive Part Assembly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12859.pdf)
>  Autonomous assembly of objects is an essential task in robotics and 3D computer vision. It has been studied extensively in robotics as a problem of motion planning, actuator control and obstacle avoidance. However, the task of developing a generalized framework for assembly robust to structural variants remains relatively unexplored. In this work, we tackle this problem using a recurrent graph learning framework considering inter-part relations and the progressive update of the part pose. Our network can learn more plausible predictions of shape structure by accounting for priorly assembled parts. Compared to the current state-of-the-art, our network yields up to 10% improvement in part accuracy and up to 15% improvement in connectivity accuracy on the PartNet dataset. Moreover, our resulting latent space facilitates exciting applications such as shape recovery from the point-cloud components. We conduct extensive experiments to justify our design choices and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework.      
### 6.Coarse to Fine: Domain Adaptive Crowd Counting via Adversarial Scoring Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12858.pdf)
>  Recent deep networks have convincingly demonstrated high capability in crowd counting, which is a critical task attracting widespread attention due to its various industrial applications. Despite such progress, trained data-dependent models usually can not generalize well to unseen scenarios because of the inherent domain shift. To facilitate this issue, this paper proposes a novel adversarial scoring network (ASNet) to gradually bridge the gap across domains from coarse to fine granularity. In specific, at the coarse-grained stage, we design a dual-discriminator strategy to adapt source domain to be close to the targets from the perspectives of both global and local feature space via adversarial learning. The distributions between two domains can thus be aligned roughly. At the fine-grained stage, we explore the transferability of source characteristics by scoring how similar the source samples are to target ones from multiple levels based on generative probability derived from coarse stage. Guided by these hierarchical scores, the transferable source features are properly selected to enhance the knowledge transfer during the adaptation process. With the coarse-to-fine design, the generalization bottleneck induced from the domain discrepancy can be effectively alleviated. Three sets of migration experiments show that the proposed methods achieve state-of-the-art counting performance compared with major unsupervised methods.      
### 7.Real-time Keypoints Detection for Autonomous Recovery of the Unmanned Ground Vehicle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12852.pdf)
>  The combination of a small unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) and a large unmanned carrier vehicle allows more flexibility in real applications such as rescue in dangerous scenarios. The autonomous recovery system, which is used to guide the small UGV back to the carrier vehicle, is an essential component to achieve a seamless combination of the two vehicles. This paper proposes a novel autonomous recovery framework with a low-cost monocular vision system to provide accurate positioning and attitude estimation of the UGV during navigation. First, we introduce a light-weight convolutional neural network called UGV-KPNet to detect the keypoints of the small UGV from the images captured by a monocular camera. UGV-KPNet is computationally efficient with a small number of parameters and provides pixel-level accurate keypoints detection results in real-time. Then, six degrees of freedom pose is estimated using the detected keypoints to obtain positioning and attitude information of the UGV. Besides, we are the first to create a large-scale real-world keypoints dataset of the UGV. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed system achieves state-of-the-art performance in terms of both accuracy and speed on UGV keypoint detection, and can further boost the 6-DoF pose estimation for the UGV.      
### 8.Learning Local Recurrent Models for Human Mesh Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12847.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of estimating frame-level full human body meshes given a video of a person with natural motion dynamics. While much progress in this field has been in single image-based mesh estimation, there has been a recent uptick in efforts to infer mesh dynamics from video given its role in alleviating issues such as depth ambiguity and occlusions. However, a key limitation of existing work is the assumption that all the observed motion dynamics can be modeled using one dynamical/recurrent model. While this may work well in cases with relatively simplistic dynamics, inference with in-the-wild videos presents many challenges. In particular, it is typically the case that different body parts of a person undergo different dynamics in the video, e.g., legs may move in a way that may be dynamically different from hands (e.g., a person dancing). To address these issues, we present a new method for video mesh recovery that divides the human mesh into several local parts following the standard skeletal model. We then model the dynamics of each local part with separate recurrent models, with each model conditioned appropriately based on the known kinematic structure of the human body. This results in a structure-informed local recurrent learning architecture that can be trained in an end-to-end fashion with available annotations. We conduct a variety of experiments on standard video mesh recovery benchmark datasets such as Human3.6M, MPI-INF-3DHP, and 3DPW, demonstrating the efficacy of our design of modeling local dynamics as well as establishing state-of-the-art results based on standard evaluation metrics.      
### 9.Technical Report: Quality Assessment Tool for Machine Learning with Clinical CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12842.pdf)
>  Image Quality Assessment (IQA) is important for scientific inquiry, especially in medical imaging and machine learning. Potential data quality issues can be exacerbated when human-based workflows use limited views of the data that may obscure digital artifacts. In practice, multiple factors such as network issues, accelerated acquisitions, motion artifacts, and imaging protocol design can impede the interpretation of image collections. The medical image processing community has developed a wide variety of tools for the inspection and validation of imaging data. Yet, IQA of computed tomography (CT) remains an under-recognized challenge, and no user-friendly tool is commonly available to address these potential issues. Here, we create and illustrate a pipeline specifically designed to identify and resolve issues encountered with large-scale data mining of clinically acquired CT data. Using the widely studied National Lung Screening Trial (NLST), we have identified approximately 4% of image volumes with quality concerns out of 17,392 scans. To assess robustness, we applied the proposed pipeline to our internal datasets where we find our tool is generalizable to clinically acquired medical images. In conclusion, the tool has been useful and time-saving for research study of clinical data, and the code and tutorials are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MASILab/QA_tool" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Adaptive Denoising via GainTuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12815.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for image denoising are usually trained on large datasets. These models achieve the current state of the art, but they have difficulties generalizing when applied to data that deviate from the training distribution. Recent work has shown that it is possible to train denoisers on a single noisy image. These models adapt to the features of the test image, but their performance is limited by the small amount of information used to train them. Here we propose "GainTuning", in which CNN models pre-trained on large datasets are adaptively and selectively adjusted for individual test images. To avoid overfitting, GainTuning optimizes a single multiplicative scaling parameter (the "Gain") of each channel in the convolutional layers of the CNN. We show that GainTuning improves state-of-the-art CNNs on standard image-denoising benchmarks, boosting their denoising performance on nearly every image in a held-out test set. These adaptive improvements are even more substantial for test images differing systematically from the training data, either in noise level or image type. We illustrate the potential of adaptive denoising in a scientific application, in which a CNN is trained on synthetic data, and tested on real transmission-electron-microscope images. In contrast to the existing methodology, GainTuning is able to faithfully reconstruct the structure of catalytic nanoparticles from these data at extremely low signal-to-noise ratios.      
### 11.Multi-Scale Local-Temporal Similarity Fusion for Continuous Sign Language Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12762.pdf)
>  Continuous sign language recognition (cSLR) is a public significant task that transcribes a sign language video into an ordered gloss sequence. It is important to capture the fine-grained gloss-level details, since there is no explicit alignment between sign video frames and the corresponding glosses. Among the past works, one promising way is to adopt a one-dimensional convolutional network (1D-CNN) to temporally fuse the sequential frames. However, CNNs are agnostic to similarity or dissimilarity, and thus are unable to capture local consistent semantics within temporally neighboring frames. To address the issue, we propose to adaptively fuse local features via temporal similarity for this task. Specifically, we devise a Multi-scale Local-Temporal Similarity Fusion Network (mLTSF-Net) as follows: 1) In terms of a specific video frame, we firstly select its similar neighbours with multi-scale receptive regions to accommodate different lengths of glosses. 2) To ensure temporal consistency, we then use position-aware convolution to temporally convolve each scale of selected frames. 3) To obtain a local-temporally enhanced frame-wise representation, we finally fuse the results of different scales using a content-dependent aggregator. We train our model in an end-to-end fashion, and the experimental results on RWTH-PHOENIX-Weather 2014 datasets (RWTH) demonstrate that our model achieves competitive performance compared with several state-of-the-art models.      
### 12.Discriminative-Generative Representation Learning for One-Class Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12753.pdf)
>  As a kind of generative self-supervised learning methods, generative adversarial nets have been widely studied in the field of anomaly detection. However, the representation learning ability of the generator is limited since it pays too much attention to pixel-level details, and generator is difficult to learn abstract semantic representations from label prediction pretext tasks as effective as discriminator. In order to improve the representation learning ability of generator, we propose a self-supervised learning framework combining generative methods and discriminative methods. The generator no longer learns representation by reconstruction error, but the guidance of discriminator, and could benefit from pretext tasks designed for discriminative methods. Our discriminative-generative representation learning method has performance close to discriminative methods and has a great advantage in speed. Our method used in one-class anomaly detection task significantly outperforms several state-of-the-arts on multiple benchmark data sets, increases the performance of the top-performing GAN-based baseline by 6% on CIFAR-10 and 2% on MVTAD.      
### 13.Rethinking Counting and Localization in Crowds:A Purely Point-Based Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12746.pdf)
>  Localizing individuals in crowds is more in accordance with the practical demands of subsequent high-level crowd analysis tasks than simply counting. However, existing localization based methods relying on intermediate representations (\textit{i.e.}, density maps or pseudo boxes) serving as learning targets are counter-intuitive and error-prone. In this paper, we propose a purely point-based framework for joint crowd counting and individual localization. For this framework, instead of merely reporting the absolute counting error at image level, we propose a new metric, called density Normalized Average Precision (nAP), to provide more comprehensive and more precise performance evaluation. Moreover, we design an intuitive solution under this framework, which is called Point to Point Network (P2PNet). P2PNet discards superfluous steps and directly predicts a set of point proposals to represent heads in an image, being consistent with the human annotation results. By thorough analysis, we reveal the key step towards implementing such a novel idea is to assign optimal learning targets for these proposals. Therefore, we propose to conduct this crucial association in an one-to-one matching manner using the Hungarian algorithm. The P2PNet not only significantly surpasses state-of-the-art methods on popular counting benchmarks, but also achieves promising localization accuracy. The codes will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TencentYoutuResearch/CrowdCounting-P2PNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Real-Time Activity Recognition and Intention Recognition Using a Vision-based Embedded System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12744.pdf)
>  With the rapid increase in digital technologies, most fields of study include recognition of human activity and intention recognition, which are important in smart environments. In this research, we introduce a real-time activity recognition to recognize people's intentions to pass or not pass a door. This system, if applied in elevators and automatic doors will save energy and increase efficiency. For this study, data preparation is applied to combine the spatial and temporal features with the help of digital image processing principles. Nevertheless, unlike previous studies, only one AlexNet neural network is used instead of two-stream convolutional neural networks. Our embedded system was implemented with an accuracy of 98.78% on our Intention Recognition dataset. We also examined our data representation approach on other datasets, including HMDB-51, KTH, and Weizmann, and obtained accuracy of 78.48%, 97.95%, and 100%, respectively. The image recognition and neural network models were simulated and implemented using Xilinx simulators for ZCU102 board. The operating frequency of this embedded system is 333 MHz, and it works in real-time with 120 frames per second (fps).      
### 15.ENHANCE (ENriching Health data by ANnotations of Crowd and Experts): A case study for skin lesion classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12734.pdf)
>  We present ENHANCE, an open dataset with multiple annotations to complement the existing ISIC and PH2 skin lesion classification datasets. This dataset contains annotations of visual ABC (asymmetry, border, colour) features from non-expert annotation sources: undergraduate students, crowd workers from Amazon MTurk and classic image processing algorithms. In this paper we first analyse the correlations between the annotations and the diagnostic label of the lesion, as well as study the agreement between different annotation sources. Overall we find weak correlations of non-expert annotations with the diagnostic label, and low agreement between different annotation sources. We then study multi-task learning (MTL) with the annotations as additional labels, and show that non-expert annotations can improve (ensembles of) state-of-the-art convolutional neural networks via MTL. We hope that our dataset can be used in further research into multiple annotations and/or MTL. All data and models are available on Github: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/raumannsr/ENHANCE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.DV-Det: Efficient 3D Point Cloud Object Detection with Dynamic Voxelization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12707.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel two-stage framework for the efficient 3D point cloud object detection. Instead of transforming point clouds into 2D bird eye view projections, we parse the raw point cloud data directly in the 3D space yet achieve impressive efficiency and accuracy. To achieve this goal, we propose dynamic voxelization, a method that voxellizes points at local scale on-the-fly. By doing so, we preserve the point cloud geometry with 3D voxels, and therefore waive the dependence on expensive MLPs to learn from point coordinates. On the other hand, we inherently still follow the same processing pattern as point-wise methods (e.g., PointNet) and no longer suffer from the quantization issue like conventional convolutions. For further speed optimization, we propose the grid-based downsampling and voxelization method, and provide different CUDA implementations to accommodate to the discrepant requirements during training and inference phases. We highlight our efficiency on KITTI 3D object detection dataset with 75 FPS and on Waymo Open dataset with 25 FPS inference speed with satisfactory accuracy.      
### 17.Dynamic and Static Object Detection Considering Fusion Regions and Point-wise Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12692.pdf)
>  Object detection is a critical problem for the safe interaction between autonomous vehicles and road users. Deep-learning methodologies allowed the development of object detection approaches with better performance. However, there is still the challenge to obtain more characteristics from the objects detected in real-time. The main reason is that more information from the environment's objects can improve the autonomous vehicle capacity to face different urban situations. This paper proposes a new approach to detect static and dynamic objects in front of an autonomous vehicle. Our approach can also get other characteristics from the objects detected, like their position, velocity, and heading. We develop our proposal fusing results of the environment's interpretations achieved of YoloV3 and a Bayesian filter. To demonstrate our proposal's performance, we asses it through a benchmark dataset and real-world data obtained from an autonomous platform. We compared the results achieved with another approach.      
### 18.Feature Fusion Methods for Indexing and Retrieval of Biometric Data: Application to Face Recognition with Privacy Protection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12675.pdf)
>  Computationally efficient, accurate, and privacy-preserving data storage and retrieval are among the key challenges faced by practical deployments of biometric identification systems worldwide. In this work, a method of protected indexing of biometric data is presented. By utilising feature-level fusion of intelligently paired templates, a multi-stage search structure is created. During retrieval, the list of potential candidate identities is successively pre-filtered, thereby reducing the number of template comparisons necessary for a biometric identification transaction. Protection of the biometric probe templates, as well as the stored reference templates and the created index is carried out using homomorphic encryption. The proposed method is extensively evaluated in closed-set and open-set identification scenarios on publicly available databases using two state-of-the-art open-source face recognition systems. With respect to a typical baseline algorithm utilising an exhaustive search-based retrieval algorithm, the proposed method enables a reduction of the computational workload associated with a biometric identification transaction by 90%, while simultaneously suffering no degradation of the biometric performance. Furthermore, by facilitating a seamless integration of template protection with open-source homomorphic encryption libraries, the proposed method guarantees unlinkability, irreversibility, and renewability of the protected biometric data.      
### 19.Vision-Guided Forecasting -- Visual Context for Multi-Horizon Time Series Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12674.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving gained huge traction in recent years, due to its potential to change the way we commute. Much effort has been put into trying to estimate the state of a vehicle. Meanwhile, learning to forecast the state of a vehicle ahead introduces new capabilities, such as predicting dangerous situations. Moreover, forecasting brings new supervision opportunities by learning to predict richer a context, expressed by multiple horizons. Intuitively, a video stream originated from a front-facing camera is necessary because it encodes information about the upcoming road. Besides, historical traces of the vehicle's states give more context. In this paper, we tackle multi-horizon forecasting of vehicle states by fusing the two modalities. We design and experiment with 3 end-to-end architectures that exploit 3D convolutions for visual features extraction and 1D convolutions for features extraction from speed and steering angle traces. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, we perform extensive experiments on two publicly available real-world datasets, Comma2k19 and the Udacity challenge. We show that we are able to forecast a vehicle's state to various horizons, while outperforming the current state-of-the-art results on the related task of driving state estimation. We examine the contribution of vision features, and find that a model fed with vision features achieves an error that is 56.6% and 66.9% of the error of a model that doesn't use those features, on the Udacity and Comma2k19 datasets respectively.      
### 20.Semantically Self-Aligned Network for Text-to-Image Part-aware Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12666.pdf)
>  Text-to-image person re-identification (ReID) aims to search for images containing a person of interest using textual descriptions. However, due to the significant modality gap and the large intra-class variance in textual descriptions, text-to-image ReID remains a challenging problem. Accordingly, in this paper, we propose a Semantically Self-Aligned Network (SSAN) to handle the above problems. First, we propose a novel method that automatically extracts semantically aligned part-level features from the two modalities. Second, we design a multi-view non-local network that captures the relationships between body parts, thereby establishing better correspondences between body parts and noun phrases. Third, we introduce a Compound Ranking (CR) loss that makes use of textual descriptions for other images of the same identity to provide extra supervision, thereby effectively reducing the intra-class variance in textual features. Finally, to expedite future research in text-to-image ReID, we build a new database named ICFG-PEDES. Extensive experiments demonstrate that SSAN outperforms state-of-the-art approaches by significant margins. Both the new ICFG-PEDES database and the SSAN code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zifyloo/SSAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Adaptive Boundary Proposal Network for Arbitrary Shape Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12664.pdf)
>  Arbitrary shape text detection is a challenging task due to the high complexity and variety of scene texts. In this work, we propose a novel adaptive boundary proposal network for arbitrary shape text detection, which can learn to directly produce accurate boundary for arbitrary shape text without any post-processing. Our method mainly consists of a boundary proposal model and an innovative adaptive boundary deformation model. The boundary proposal model constructed by multi-layer dilated convolutions is adopted to produce prior information (including classification map, distance field, and direction field) and coarse boundary proposals. The adaptive boundary deformation model is an encoder-decoder network, in which the encoder mainly consists of a Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) and a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN). It aims to perform boundary deformation in an iterative way for obtaining text instance shape guided by prior information from the boundary proposal <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://model.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this way, our method can directly and efficiently generate accurate text boundaries without complex post-processing. Extensive experiments on publicly available datasets demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of our method.      
### 22.CKConv: Learning Feature Voxelization for Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12655.pdf)
>  Despite the remarkable success of deep learning, optimal convolution operation on point cloud remains indefinite due to its irregular data structure. In this paper, we present Cubic Kernel Convolution (CKConv) that learns to voxelize the features of local points by exploiting both continuous and discrete convolutions. Our continuous convolution uniquely employs a 3D cubic form of kernel weight representation that splits a feature into voxels in embedding space. By consecutively applying discrete 3D convolutions on the voxelized features in a spatial manner, preceding continuous convolution is forced to learn spatial feature mapping, i.e., feature voxelization. In this way, geometric information can be detailed by encoding with subdivided features, and our 3D convolutions on these fixed structured data do not suffer from discretization artifacts thanks to voxelization in embedding space. Furthermore, we propose a spatial attention module, Local Set Attention (LSA), to provide comprehensive structure awareness within the local point set and hence produce representative features. By learning feature voxelization with LSA, CKConv can extract enriched features for effective point cloud analysis. We show that CKConv has great applicability to point cloud processing tasks including object classification, object part segmentation, and scene semantic segmentation with state-of-the-art results.      
### 23.Co-Transport for Class-Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12654.pdf)
>  Traditional learning systems are trained in closed-world for a fixed number of classes, and need pre-collected datasets in advance. However, new classes often emerge in real-world applications and should be learned incrementally. For example, in electronic commerce, new types of products appear daily, and in a social media community, new topics emerge frequently. Under such circumstances, incremental models should learn several new classes at a time without forgetting. We find a strong correlation between old and new classes in incremental learning, which can be applied to relate and facilitate different learning stages mutually. As a result, we propose CO-transport for class Incremental Learning (COIL), which learns to relate across incremental tasks with the class-wise semantic relationship. In detail, co-transport has two aspects: prospective transport tries to augment the old classifier with optimal transported knowledge as fast model adaptation. Retrospective transport aims to transport new class classifiers backward as old ones to overcome forgetting. With these transports, COIL efficiently adapts to new tasks, and stably resists forgetting. Experiments on benchmark and real-world multimedia datasets validate the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 24.Greedy Gradient Ensemble for Robust Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12651.pdf)
>  Language bias is a critical issue in Visual Question Answering (VQA), where models often exploit dataset biases for the final decision without considering the image information. As a result, they suffer from performance drop on out-of-distribution data and inadequate visual explanation. Based on experimental analysis for existing robust VQA methods, we stress the language bias in VQA that comes from two aspects, i.e., distribution bias and shortcut bias. We further propose a new de-bias framework, Greedy Gradient Ensemble (GGE), which combines multiple biased models for unbiased base model learning. With the greedy strategy, GGE forces the biased models to over-fit the biased data distribution in priority, thus makes the base model pay more attention to examples that are hard to solve by biased models. The experiments demonstrate that our method makes better use of visual information and achieves state-of-the-art performance on diagnosing dataset VQA-CP without using extra annotations.      
### 25.Computer Vision-Based Guidance Assistance Concept for Plowing Using RGB-D Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12646.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a concept of computer vision-based guidance assistance for agricultural vehicles to increase the accuracy in plowing and reduce driver's cognitive burden in long-lasting tillage operations. Plowing is a common agricultural practice to prepare the soil for planting in many countries and it can take place both in the spring and the fall. Since plowing operation requires high traction forces, it causes increased energy consumption. Moreover, longer operation time due to unnecessary maneuvers leads to higher fuel consumption. To provide necessary information for the driver and the control unit of the tractor, a first concept of furrow detection system based on an RGB-D camera was developed.      
### 26.Unsupervised Outlier Detection using Memory and Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12642.pdf)
>  Outlier detection is one of the most important processes taken to create good, reliable data in machine learning. The most methods of outlier detection leverage an auxiliary reconstruction task by assuming that outliers are more difficult to be recovered than normal samples (inliers). However, it is not always true, especially for auto-encoder (AE) based models. They may recover certain outliers even outliers are not in the training data, because they do not constrain the feature learning. Instead, we think outlier detection can be done in the feature space by measuring the feature distance between outliers and inliers. We then propose a framework, MCOD, using a memory module and a contrastive learning module. The memory module constrains the consistency of features, which represent the normal data. The contrastive learning module learns more discriminating features, which boosts the distinction between outliers and inliers. Extensive experiments on four benchmark datasets show that our proposed MCOD achieves a considerable performance and outperforms nine state-of-the-art methods.      
### 27.Exploring Sequence Feature Alignment for Domain Adaptive Detection Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12636.pdf)
>  Detection transformers have recently shown promising object detection results and attracted increasing attention. However, how to develop effective domain adaptation techniques to improve its cross-domain performance remains unexplored and unclear. In this paper, we delve into this topic and empirically find that direct feature distribution alignment on the CNN backbone only brings limited improvements, as it does not guarantee domain-invariant sequence features in the transformer for prediction. To address this issue, we propose a novel Sequence Feature Alignment (SFA) method that is specially designed for the adaptation of detection transformers. Technically, SFA consists of a domain query-based feature alignment (DQFA) module and a token-wise feature alignment (TDA) module. In DQFA, a novel domain query is used to aggregate and align global context from the token sequence of both domains. DQFA reduces the domain discrepancy in global feature representations and object relations when deploying in the transformer encoder and decoder, respectively. Meanwhile, TDA aligns token features in the sequence from both domains, which reduces the domain gaps in local and instance-level feature representations in the transformer encoder and decoder, respectively. Besides, a novel bipartite matching consistency loss is proposed to enhance the feature discriminability for robust object detection. Experiments on three challenging benchmarks show that SFA outperforms state-of-the-art domain adaptive object detection methods. Code has been made available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/encounter1997/SFA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Uniformity in Heterogeneity:Diving Deep into Count Interval Partition for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12619.pdf)
>  Recently, the problem of inaccurate learning targets in crowd counting draws increasing attention. Inspired by a few pioneering work, we solve this problem by trying to predict the indices of pre-defined interval bins of counts instead of the count values themselves. However, an inappropriate interval setting might make the count error contributions from different intervals extremely imbalanced, leading to inferior counting performance. Therefore, we propose a novel count interval partition criterion called Uniform Error Partition (UEP), which always keeps the expected counting error contributions equal for all intervals to minimize the prediction risk. Then to mitigate the inevitably introduced discretization errors in the count quantization process, we propose another criterion called Mean Count Proxies (MCP). The MCP criterion selects the best count proxy for each interval to represent its count value during inference, making the overall expected discretization error of an image nearly negligible. As far as we are aware, this work is the first to delve into such a classification task and ends up with a promising solution for count interval partition. Following the above two theoretically demonstrated criterions, we propose a simple yet effective model termed Uniform Error Partition Network (UEPNet), which achieves state-of-the-art performance on several challenging datasets. The codes will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TencentYoutuResearch/CrowdCounting-UEPNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Transferable Knowledge-Based Multi-Granularity Aggregation Network for Temporal Action Localization: Submission to ActivityNet Challenge 2021  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12618.pdf)
>  This technical report presents an overview of our solution used in the submission to 2021 HACS Temporal Action Localization Challenge on both Supervised Learning Track and Weakly-Supervised Learning Track. Temporal Action Localization (TAL) requires to not only precisely locate the temporal boundaries of action instances, but also accurately classify the untrimmed videos into specific categories. However, Weakly-Supervised TAL indicates locating the action instances using only video-level class labels. In this paper, to train a supervised temporal action localizer, we adopt Temporal Context Aggregation Network (TCANet) to generate high-quality action proposals through ``local and global" temporal context aggregation and complementary as well as progressive boundary refinement. As for the WSTAL, a novel framework is proposed to handle the poor quality of CAS generated by simple classification network, which can only focus on local discriminative parts, rather than locate the entire interval of target actions. Further inspired by the transfer learning method, we also adopt an additional module to transfer the knowledge from trimmed videos (HACS Clips dataset) to untrimmed videos (HACS Segments dataset), aiming at promoting the classification performance on untrimmed videos. Finally, we employ a boundary regression module embedded with Outer-Inner-Contrastive (OIC) loss to automatically predict the boundaries based on the enhanced CAS. Our proposed scheme achieves 39.91 and 29.78 average mAP on the challenge testing set of supervised and weakly-supervised temporal action localization track respectively.      
### 30.Image Scene Graph Generation (SGG) Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12604.pdf)
>  There is a surge of interest in image scene graph generation (object, attribute and relationship detection) due to the need of building fine-grained image understanding models that go beyond object detection. Due to the lack of a good benchmark, the reported results of different scene graph generation models are not directly comparable, impeding the research progress. We have developed a much-needed scene graph generation benchmark based on the maskrcnn-benchmark and several popular models. This paper presents main features of our benchmark and a comprehensive ablation study of scene graph generation models using the Visual Genome and OpenImages Visual relationship detection datasets. Our codebase is made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/scene_graph_benchmark" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.PiSLTRc: Position-informed Sign Language Transformer with Content-aware Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12600.pdf)
>  Since the superiority of Transformer in learning long-term dependency, the sign language Transformer model achieves remarkable progress in Sign Language Recognition (SLR) and Translation (SLT). However, there are several issues with the Transformer that prevent it from better sign language understanding. The first issue is that the self-attention mechanism learns sign video representation in a frame-wise manner, neglecting the temporal semantic structure of sign gestures. Secondly, the attention mechanism with absolute position encoding is direction and distance unaware, thus limiting its ability. To address these issues, we propose a new model architecture, namely PiSLTRc, with two distinctive characteristics: (i) content-aware and position-aware convolution layers. Specifically, we explicitly select relevant features using a novel content-aware neighborhood gathering method. Then we aggregate these features with position-informed temporal convolution layers, thus generating robust neighborhood-enhanced sign representation. (ii) injecting the relative position information to the attention mechanism in the encoder, decoder, and even encoder-decoder cross attention. Compared with the vanilla Transformer model, our model performs consistently better on three large-scale sign language benchmarks: PHOENIX-2014, PHOENIX-2014-T and CSL. Furthermore, extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on translation quality with $+1.6$ BLEU improvements.      
### 32.Identify Apple Leaf Diseases Using Deep Learning Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12598.pdf)
>  Agriculture is an essential industry in the both society and economy of a country. However, the pests and diseases cause a great amount of reduction in agricultural production while there is not sufficient guidance for farmers to avoid this disaster. To address this problem, we apply CNNs to plant disease recognition by building a classification model. Within the dataset of 3,642 images of apple leaves, We use a pre-trained image classification model Restnet34 based on a Convolutional neural network (CNN) with the Fastai framework in order to save the training time. Overall, the accuracy of classification is 93.765%.      
### 33.Cross-modal Consensus Network for Weakly Supervised Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12589.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised temporal action localization (WS-TAL) is a challenging task that aims to localize action instances in the given video with video-level categorical supervision. Both appearance and motion features are used in previous works, while they do not utilize them in a proper way but apply simple concatenation or score-level fusion. In this work, we argue that the features extracted from the pretrained extractor, e.g., I3D, are not the WS-TALtask-specific features, thus the feature re-calibration is needed for reducing the task-irrelevant information redundancy. Therefore, we propose a cross-modal consensus network (CO2-Net) to tackle this problem. In CO2-Net, we mainly introduce two identical proposed cross-modal consensus modules (CCM) that design a cross-modal attention mechanism to filter out the task-irrelevant information redundancy using the global information from the main modality and the cross-modal local information of the auxiliary modality. Moreover, we treat the attention weights derived from each CCMas the pseudo targets of the attention weights derived from another CCM to maintain the consistency between the predictions derived from two CCMs, forming a mutual learning manner. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on two common used temporal action localization datasets, THUMOS14 and ActivityNet1.2, to verify our method and achieve the state-of-the-art results. The experimental results show that our proposed cross-modal consensus module can produce more representative features for temporal action localization.      
### 34.Nearest Neighborhood-Based Deep Clustering for Source Data-absent Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12585.pdf)
>  In the classic setting of unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA), the labeled source data are available in the training phase. However, in many real-world scenarios, owing to some reasons such as privacy protection and information security, the source data is inaccessible, and only a model trained on the source domain is available. This paper proposes a novel deep clustering method for this challenging task. Aiming at the dynamical clustering at feature-level, we introduce extra constraints hidden in the geometric structure between data to assist the process. Concretely, we propose a geometry-based constraint, named semantic consistency on the nearest neighborhood (SCNNH), and use it to encourage robust clustering. To reach this goal, we construct the nearest neighborhood for every target data and take it as the fundamental clustering unit by building our objective on the geometry. Also, we develop a more SCNNH-compliant structure with an additional semantic credibility constraint, named semantic hyper-nearest neighborhood (SHNNH). After that, we extend our method to this new geometry. Extensive experiments on three challenging UDA datasets indicate that our method achieves state-of-the-art results. The proposed method has significant improvement on all datasets (as we adopt SHNNH, the average accuracy increases by over 3.0\% on the large-scaled dataset). Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tntek/N2DCX" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.Remember What You have drawn: Semantic Image Manipulation with Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12579.pdf)
>  Image manipulation with natural language, which aims to manipulate images with the guidance of language descriptions, has been a challenging problem in the fields of computer vision and natural language processing (NLP). Currently, a number of efforts have been made for this task, but their performances are still distant away from generating realistic and text-conformed manipulated images. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a memory-based Image Manipulation Network (MIM-Net), where a set of memories learned from images is introduced to synthesize the texture information with the guidance of the textual description. We propose a two-stage network with an additional reconstruction stage to learn the latent memories efficiently. To avoid the unnecessary background changes, we propose a Target Localization Unit (TLU) to focus on the manipulation of the region mentioned by the text. Moreover, to learn a robust memory, we further propose a novel randomized memory training loss. Experiments on the four popular datasets show the better performance of our method compared to the existing ones.      
### 36.CFLOW-AD: Real-Time Unsupervised Anomaly Detection with Localization via Conditional Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12571.pdf)
>  Unsupervised anomaly detection with localization has many practical applications when labeling is infeasible and, moreover, when anomaly examples are completely missing in the train data. While recently proposed models for such data setup achieve high accuracy metrics, their complexity is a limiting factor for real-time processing. In this paper, we propose a real-time model and analytically derive its relationship to prior methods. Our CFLOW-AD model is based on a conditional normalizing flow framework adopted for anomaly detection with localization. In particular, CFLOW-AD consists of a discriminatively pretrained encoder followed by a multi-scale generative decoders where the latter explicitly estimate likelihood of the encoded features. Our approach results in a computationally and memory-efficient model: CFLOW-AD is faster and smaller by a factor of 10x than prior state-of-the-art with the same input setting. Our experiments on the MVTec dataset show that CFLOW-AD outperforms previous methods by 0.36% AUROC in detection task, by 1.12% AUROC and 2.5% AUPRO in localization task, respectively. We open-source our code with fully reproducible experiments.      
### 37.Self-Supervised Video Object Segmentation by Motion-Aware Mask Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12569.pdf)
>  We propose a self-supervised spatio-temporal matching method coined Motion-Aware Mask Propagation (MAMP) for semi-supervised video object segmentation. During training, MAMP leverages the frame reconstruction task to train the model without the need for annotations. During inference, MAMP extracts high-resolution features from each frame to build a memory bank from the features as well as the predicted masks of selected past frames. MAMP then propagates the masks from the memory bank to subsequent frames according to our motion-aware spatio-temporal matching module, also proposed in this paper. Evaluation on DAVIS-2017 and YouTube-VOS datasets show that MAMP achieves state-of-the-art performance with stronger generalization ability compared to existing self-supervised methods, i.e. 4.9\% higher mean $\mathcal{J}\&amp;\mathcal{F}$ on DAVIS-2017 and 4.85\% higher mean $\mathcal{J}\&amp;\mathcal{F}$ on the unseen categories of YouTube-VOS than the nearest competitor. Moreover, MAMP performs on par with many supervised video object segmentation methods. Our code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bo-miao/MAMP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 38.Perception-and-Regulation Network for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12560.pdf)
>  Effective fusion of different types of features is the key to salient object detection. The majority of existing network structure design is based on the subjective experience of scholars and the process of feature fusion does not consider the relationship between the fused features and highest-level features. In this paper, we focus on the feature relationship and propose a novel global attention unit, which we term the "perception- and-regulation" (PR) block, that adaptively regulates the feature fusion process by explicitly modeling interdependencies between features. The perception part uses the structure of fully-connected layers in classification networks to learn the size and shape of objects. The regulation part selectively strengthens and weakens the features to be fused. An imitating eye observation module (IEO) is further employed for improving the global perception ability of the network. The imitation of foveal vision and peripheral vision enables IEO to scrutinize highly detailed objects and to organize the broad spatial scene to better segment objects. Sufficient experiments conducted on SOD datasets demonstrate that the proposed method performs favorably against 22 state-of-the-art methods.      
### 39.Disentangled Implicit Shape and Pose Learning for Scalable 6D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12549.pdf)
>  6D pose estimation of rigid objects from a single RGB image has seen tremendous improvements recently by using deep learning to combat complex real-world variations, but a majority of methods build models on the per-object level, failing to scale to multiple objects simultaneously. In this paper, we present a novel approach for scalable 6D pose estimation, by self-supervised learning on synthetic data of multiple objects using a single autoencoder. To handle multiple objects and generalize to unseen objects, we disentangle the latent object shape and pose representations, so that the latent shape space models shape similarities, and the latent pose code is used for rotation retrieval by comparison with canonical rotations. To encourage shape space construction, we apply contrastive metric learning and enable the processing of unseen objects by referring to similar training objects. The different symmetries across objects induce inconsistent latent pose spaces, which we capture with a conditioned block producing shape-dependent pose codebooks by re-entangling shape and pose representations. We test our method on two multi-object benchmarks with real data, T-LESS and NOCS REAL275, and show it outperforms existing RGB-based methods in terms of pose estimation accuracy and generalization.      
### 40.BridgeNet: A Joint Learning Network of Depth Map Super-Resolution and Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12541.pdf)
>  Depth map super-resolution is a task with high practical application requirements in the industry. Existing color-guided depth map super-resolution methods usually necessitate an extra branch to extract high-frequency detail information from RGB image to guide the low-resolution depth map reconstruction. However, because there are still some differences between the two modalities, direct information transmission in the feature dimension or edge map dimension cannot achieve satisfactory result, and may even trigger texture copying in areas where the structures of the RGB-D pair are inconsistent. Inspired by the multi-task learning, we propose a joint learning network of depth map super-resolution (DSR) and monocular depth estimation (MDE) without introducing additional supervision labels. For the interaction of two subnetworks, we adopt a differentiated guidance strategy and design two bridges correspondingly. One is the high-frequency attention bridge (HABdg) designed for the feature encoding process, which learns the high-frequency information of the MDE task to guide the DSR task. The other is the content guidance bridge (CGBdg) designed for the depth map reconstruction process, which provides the content guidance learned from DSR task for MDE task. The entire network architecture is highly portable and can provide a paradigm for associating the DSR and MDE tasks. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method achieves competitive performance. Our code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://rmcong.github.io/proj_BridgeNet.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Segmentation in Style: Unsupervised Semantic Image Segmentation with Stylegan and CLIP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12518.pdf)
>  We introduce a method that allows to automatically segment images into semantically meaningful regions without human supervision. Derived regions are consistent across different images and coincide with human-defined semantic classes on some datasets. In cases where semantic regions might be hard for human to define and consistently label, our method is still able to find meaningful and consistent semantic classes. In our work, we use pretrained StyleGAN2~\cite{karras2020analyzing} generative model: clustering in the feature space of the generative model allows to discover semantic classes. Once classes are discovered, a synthetic dataset with generated images and corresponding segmentation masks can be created. After that a segmentation model is trained on the synthetic dataset and is able to generalize to real images. Additionally, by using CLIP~\cite{radford2021learning} we are able to use prompts defined in a natural language to discover some desired semantic classes. We test our method on publicly available datasets and show state-of-the-art results.      
### 42.H3D-Net: Few-Shot High-Fidelity 3D Head Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12512.pdf)
>  Recent learning approaches that implicitly represent surface geometry using coordinate-based neural representations have shown impressive results in the problem of multi-view 3D reconstruction. The effectiveness of these techniques is, however, subject to the availability of a large number (several tens) of input views of the scene, and computationally demanding optimizations. In this paper, we tackle these limitations for the specific problem of few-shot full 3D head reconstruction, by endowing coordinate-based representations with a probabilistic shape prior that enables faster convergence and better generalization when using few input images (down to three). First, we learn a shape model of 3D heads from thousands of incomplete raw scans using implicit representations. At test time, we jointly overfit two coordinate-based neural networks to the scene, one modeling the geometry and another estimating the surface radiance, using implicit differentiable rendering. We devise a two-stage optimization strategy in which the learned prior is used to initialize and constrain the geometry during an initial optimization phase. Then, the prior is unfrozen and fine-tuned to the scene. By doing this, we achieve high-fidelity head reconstructions, including hair and shoulders, and with a high level of detail that consistently outperforms both state-of-the-art 3D Morphable Models methods in the few-shot scenario, and non-parametric methods when large sets of views are available.      
### 43.Analyzing vehicle pedestrian interactions combining data cube structure and predictive collision risk estimation model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12507.pdf)
>  Traffic accidents are a threat to human lives, particularly pedestrians causing premature deaths. Therefore, it is necessary to devise systems to prevent accidents in advance and respond proactively, using potential risky situations as one of the surrogate safety measurements. This study introduces a new concept of a pedestrian safety system that combines the field and the centralized processes. The system can warn of upcoming risks immediately in the field and improve the safety of risk frequent areas by assessing the safety levels of roads without actual collisions. In particular, this study focuses on the latter by introducing a new analytical framework for a crosswalk safety assessment with behaviors of vehicle/pedestrian and environmental features. We obtain these behavioral features from actual traffic video footage in the city with complete automatic processing. The proposed framework mainly analyzes these behaviors in multidimensional perspectives by constructing a data cube structure, which combines the LSTM based predictive collision risk estimation model and the on line analytical processing operations. From the PCR estimation model, we categorize the severity of risks as four levels and apply the proposed framework to assess the crosswalk safety with behavioral features. Our analytic experiments are based on two scenarios, and the various descriptive results are harvested the movement patterns of vehicles and pedestrians by road environment and the relationships between risk levels and car speeds. Thus, the proposed framework can support decision makers by providing valuable information to improve pedestrian safety for future accidents, and it can help us better understand their behaviors near crosswalks proactively. In order to confirm the feasibility and applicability of the proposed framework, we implement and apply it to actual operating CCTVs in Osan City, Korea.      
### 44.CalCROP21: A Georeferenced multi-spectral dataset of Satellite Imagery and Crop Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12499.pdf)
>  Mapping and monitoring crops is a key step towards sustainable intensification of agriculture and addressing global food security. A dataset like ImageNet that revolutionized computer vision applications can accelerate development of novel crop mapping techniques. Currently, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) annually releases the Cropland Data Layer (CDL) which contains crop labels at 30m resolution for the entire United States of America. While CDL is state of the art and is widely used for a number of agricultural applications, it has a number of limitations (e.g., pixelated errors, labels carried over from previous errors and absence of input imagery along with class labels). In this work, we create a new semantic segmentation benchmark dataset, which we call CalCROP21, for the diverse crops in the Central Valley region of California at 10m spatial resolution using a Google Earth Engine based robust image processing pipeline and a novel attention based spatio-temporal semantic segmentation algorithm STATT. STATT uses re-sampled (interpolated) CDL labels for training, but is able to generate a better prediction than CDL by leveraging spatial and temporal patterns in Sentinel2 multi-spectral image series to effectively capture phenologic differences amongst crops and uses attention to reduce the impact of clouds and other atmospheric disturbances. We also present a comprehensive evaluation to show that STATT has significantly better results when compared to the resampled CDL labels. We have released the dataset and the processing pipeline code for generating the benchmark dataset.      
### 45.Circular-Symmetric Correlation Layer based on FFT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12480.pdf)
>  Despite the vast success of standard planar convolutional neural networks, they are not the most efficient choice for analyzing signals that lie on an arbitrarily curved manifold, such as a cylinder. The problem arises when one performs a planar projection of these signals and inevitably causes them to be distorted or broken where there is valuable information. We propose a Circular-symmetric Correlation Layer (CCL) based on the formalism of roto-translation equivariant correlation on the continuous group $S^1 \times \mathbb{R}$, and implement it efficiently using the well-known Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) algorithm. We showcase the performance analysis of a general network equipped with CCL on various recognition and classification tasks and datasets. The PyTorch package implementation of CCL is provided online.      
### 46.Adversarial Attacks with Time-Scale Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12473.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework for real-time black-box universal attacks which disrupts activations of early convolutional layers in deep learning models. Our hypothesis is that perturbations produced in the wavelet space disrupt early convolutional layers more effectively than perturbations performed in the time domain. The main challenge in adversarial attacks is to preserve low frequency image content while minimally changing the most meaningful high frequency content. To address this, we formulate an optimization problem using time-scale (wavelet) representations as a dual space in three steps. First, we project original images into orthonormal sub-spaces for low and high scales via wavelet coefficients. Second, we perturb wavelet coefficients for high scale projection using a generator network. Third, we generate new adversarial images by projecting back the original coefficients from the low scale and the perturbed coefficients from the high scale sub-space. We provide a theoretical framework that guarantees a dual mapping from time and time-scale domain representations. We compare our results with state-of-the-art black-box attacks from generative-based and gradient-based models. We also verify efficacy against multiple defense methods such as JPEG compression, Guided Denoiser and Comdefend. Our results show that wavelet-based perturbations consistently outperform time-based attacks thus providing new insights into vulnerabilities of deep learning models and could potentially lead to robust architectures or new defense and attack mechanisms by leveraging time-scale representations.      
### 47.A Comprehensive Study on Colorectal Polyp Segmentation with ResUNet++, Conditional Random Field and Test-Time Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12435.pdf)
>  Colonoscopy is considered the gold standard for detection of colorectal cancer and its precursors. Existing examination methods are, however, hampered by high overall miss-rate, and many abnormalities are left undetected. Computer-Aided Diagnosis systems based on advanced machine learning algorithms are touted as a game-changer that can identify regions in the colon overlooked by the physicians during endoscopic examinations, and help detect and characterize lesions. In previous work, we have proposed the ResUNet++ architecture and demonstrated that it produces more efficient results compared with its counterparts U-Net and ResUNet. In this paper, we demonstrate that further improvements to the overall prediction performance of the ResUNet++ architecture can be achieved by using conditional random field and test-time augmentation. We have performed extensive evaluations and validated the improvements using six publicly available datasets: Kvasir-SEG, CVC-ClinicDB, CVC-ColonDB, ETIS-Larib Polyp DB, ASU-Mayo Clinic Colonoscopy Video Database, and CVC-VideoClinicDB. Moreover, we compare our proposed architecture and resulting model with other State-of-the-art methods. To explore the generalization capability of ResUNet++ on different publicly available polyp datasets, so that it could be used in a real-world setting, we performed an extensive cross-dataset evaluation. The experimental results show that applying CRF and TTA improves the performance on various polyp segmentation datasets both on the same dataset and cross-dataset.      
### 48.MonoIndoor: Towards Good Practice of Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation for Indoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12429.pdf)
>  Self-supervised depth estimation for indoor environments is more challenging than its outdoor counterpart in at least the following two aspects: (i) the depth range of indoor sequences varies a lot across different frames, making it difficult for the depth network to induce consistent depth cues, whereas the maximum distance in outdoor scenes mostly stays the same as the camera usually sees the sky; (ii) the indoor sequences contain much more rotational motions, which cause difficulties for the pose network, while the motions of outdoor sequences are pre-dominantly translational, especially for driving datasets such as KITTI. In this paper, special considerations are given to those challenges and a set of good practices are consolidated for improving the performance of self-supervised monocular depth estimation in indoor environments. The proposed method mainly consists of two novel modules, \ie, a depth factorization module and a residual pose estimation module, each of which is designed to respectively tackle the aforementioned challenges. The effectiveness of each module is shown through a carefully conducted ablation study and the demonstration of the state-of-the-art performance on two indoor datasets, \ie, EuRoC and NYUv2.      
### 49.Towards Efficient Tensor Decomposition-Based DNN Model Compression with Optimization Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12422.pdf)
>  Advanced tensor decomposition, such as Tensor train (TT) and Tensor ring (TR), has been widely studied for deep neural network (DNN) model compression, especially for recurrent neural networks (RNNs). However, compressing convolutional neural networks (CNNs) using TT/TR always suffers significant accuracy loss. In this paper, we propose a systematic framework for tensor decomposition-based model compression using Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM). By formulating TT decomposition-based model compression to an optimization problem with constraints on tensor ranks, we leverage ADMM technique to systemically solve this optimization problem in an iterative way. During this procedure, the entire DNN model is trained in the original structure instead of TT format, but gradually enjoys the desired low tensor rank characteristics. We then decompose this uncompressed model to TT format and fine-tune it to finally obtain a high-accuracy TT-format DNN model. Our framework is very general, and it works for both CNNs and RNNs, and can be easily modified to fit other tensor decomposition approaches. We evaluate our proposed framework on different DNN models for image classification and video recognition tasks. Experimental results show that our ADMM-based TT-format models demonstrate very high compression performance with high accuracy. Notably, on CIFAR-100, with 2.3X and 2.4X compression ratios, our models have 1.96% and 2.21% higher top-1 accuracy than the original ResNet-20 and ResNet-32, respectively. For compressing ResNet-18 on ImageNet, our model achieves 2.47X FLOPs reduction without accuracy loss.      
### 50.Optimizing Operating Points for High Performance Lesion Detection and Segmentation Using Lesion Size Reweighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12978.pdf)
>  There are many clinical contexts which require accurate detection and segmentation of all focal pathologies (e.g. lesions, tumours) in patient images. In cases where there are a mix of small and large lesions, standard binary cross entropy loss will result in better segmentation of large lesions at the expense of missing small ones. Adjusting the operating point to accurately detect all lesions generally leads to oversegmentation of large lesions. In this work, we propose a novel reweighing strategy to eliminate this performance gap, increasing small pathology detection performance while maintaining segmentation accuracy. We show that our reweighing strategy vastly outperforms competing strategies based on experiments on a large scale, multi-scanner, multi-center dataset of Multiple Sclerosis patient images.      
### 51.Angel's Girl for Blind Painters: an Efficient Painting Navigation System Validated by Multimodal Evaluation Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12921.pdf)
>  For people who ardently love painting but unfortunately have visual impairments, holding a paintbrush to create a work is a very difficult task. People in this special group are eager to pick up the paintbrush, like Leonardo da Vinci, to create and make full use of their own talents. Therefore, to maximally bridge this gap, we propose a painting navigation system to assist blind people in painting and artistic creation. The proposed system is composed of cognitive system and guidance system. The system adopts drawing board positioning based on QR code, brush navigation based on target detection and bush real-time positioning. Meanwhile, this paper uses human-computer interaction on the basis of voice and a simple but efficient position information coding rule. In addition, we design a criterion to efficiently judge whether the brush reaches the target or not. According to the experimental results, the thermal curves extracted from the faces of testers show that it is relatively well accepted by blindfolded and even blind testers. With the prompt frequency of 1s, the painting navigation system performs best with the completion degree of 89% with SD of 8.37% and overflow degree of 347% with SD of 162.14%. Meanwhile, the excellent and good types of brush tip trajectory account for 74%, and the relative movement distance is 4.21 with SD of 2.51. This work demonstrates that it is practicable for the blind people to feel the world through the brush in their hands. In the future, we plan to deploy Angle's Eyes on the phone to make it more portable. The demo video of the proposed painting navigation system is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.9760004.v1" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.Improved-Mask R-CNN: Towards an Accurate Generic MSK MRI instance segmentation platform (Data from the Osteoarthritis Initiative)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12889.pdf)
>  Objective assessment of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans of osteoarthritis (OA) can address the limitation of the current OA assessment. Segmentation of bone, cartilage, and joint fluid is necessary for the OA objective assessment. Most of the proposed segmentation methods are not performing instance segmentation and suffer from class imbalance problems. This study deployed Mask R-CNN instance segmentation and improved it (improved-Mask R-CNN (iMaskRCNN)) to obtain a more accurate generalized segmentation for OA-associated tissues. Training and validation of the method were performed using 500 MRI knees from the Osteoarthritis Initiative (OAI) dataset and 97 MRI scans of patients with symptomatic hip OA. Three modifications to Mask R-CNN yielded the iMaskRCNN: adding a 2nd ROIAligned block, adding an extra decoder layer to the mask-header, and connecting them by a skip connection. The results were assessed using Hausdorff distance, dice score, and coefficients of variation (CoV). The iMaskRCNN led to improved bone and cartilage segmentation compared to Mask RCNN as indicated with the increase in dice score from 95% to 98% for the femur, 95% to 97% for tibia, 71% to 80% for femoral cartilage, and 81% to 82% for tibial cartilage. For the effusion detection, dice improved with iMaskRCNN 72% versus MaskRCNN 71%. The CoV values for effusion detection between Reader1 and Mask R-CNN (0.33), Reader1 and iMaskRCNN (0.34), Reader2 and Mask R-CNN (0.22), Reader2 and iMaskRCNN (0.29) are close to CoV between two readers (0.21), indicating a high agreement between the human readers and both Mask R-CNN and iMaskRCNN. Mask R-CNN and iMaskRCNN can reliably and simultaneously extract different scale articular tissues involved in OA, forming the foundation for automated assessment of OA. The iMaskRCNN results show that the modification improved the network performance around the edges.      
### 53.Deep Reinforcement Learning for L3 Slice Localization in Sarcopenia Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12800.pdf)
>  Sarcopenia is a medical condition characterized by a reduction in muscle mass and function. A quantitative diagnosis technique consists of localizing the CT slice passing through the middle of the third lumbar area (L3) and segmenting muscles at this level. In this paper, we propose a deep reinforcement learning method for accurate localization of the L3 CT slice. Our method trains a reinforcement learning agent by incentivizing it to discover the right position. Specifically, a Deep Q-Network is trained to find the best policy to follow for this problem. Visualizing the training process shows that the agent mimics the scrolling of an experienced radiologist. Extensive experiments against other state-of-the-art deep learning based methods for L3 localization prove the superiority of our technique which performs well even with limited amount of data and annotations.      
### 54.Clickbait Detection in YouTube Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12791.pdf)
>  YouTube videos often include captivating descriptions and intriguing thumbnails designed to increase the number of views, and thereby increase the revenue for the person who posted the video. This creates an incentive for people to post clickbait videos, in which the content might deviate significantly from the title, description, or thumbnail. In effect, users are tricked into clicking on clickbait videos. In this research, we consider the challenging problem of detecting clickbait YouTube videos. We experiment with multiple state-of-the-art machine learning techniques using a variety of textual features.      
### 55.Multi-modal estimation of the properties of containers and their content: survey and evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12719.pdf)
>  Acoustic and visual sensing can support the contactless estimation of the weight of a container and the amount of its content when the container is manipulated by a person. However, transparencies (both of the container and of the content) and the variability of materials, shapes and sizes make this problem challenging. In this paper, we present an open benchmarking framework and an in-depth comparative analysis of recent methods that estimate the capacity of a container, as well as the type, mass, and amount of its content. These methods use learned and handcrafted features, such as mel-frequency cepstrum coefficients, zero-crossing rate, spectrograms, with different types of classifiers to estimate the type and amount of the content with acoustic data, and geometric approaches with visual data to determine the capacity of the container. Results on a newly distributed dataset show that audio alone is a strong modality and methods achieves a weighted average F1-score up to 81% and 97% for content type and level classification, respectively. Estimating the container capacity with vision-only approaches and filling mass with multi-modal, multi-stage algorithms reaches up to 65% weighted average capacity and mass scores.      
### 56.Improving ClusterGAN Using Self-AugmentedInformation Maximization of Disentangling LatentSpaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12706.pdf)
>  The Latent Space Clustering in Generative adversarial networks (ClusterGAN) method has been successful with high-dimensional data. However, the method assumes uniformlydistributed priors during the generation of modes, which isa restrictive assumption in real-world data and cause loss ofdiversity in the generated modes. In this paper, we proposeself-augmentation information maximization improved Clus-terGAN (SIMI-ClusterGAN) to learn the distinctive priorsfrom the data. The proposed SIMI-ClusterGAN consists offour deep neural networks: self-augmentation prior network,generator, discriminator and clustering inference autoencoder.The proposed method has been validated using seven bench-mark data sets and has shown improved performance overstate-of-the art methods. To demonstrate the superiority ofSIMI-ClusterGAN performance on imbalanced dataset, wehave discussed two imbalanced conditions on MNIST datasetswith one-class imbalance and three classes imbalanced cases.The results highlight the advantages of SIMI-ClusterGAN.      
### 57.A persistent homology-based topological loss for CNN-based multi-class segmentation of CMR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12689.pdf)
>  Multi-class segmentation of cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) images seeks a separation of data into anatomical components with known structure and configuration. The most popular CNN-based methods are optimised using pixel wise loss functions, ignorant of the spatially extended features that characterise anatomy. Therefore, whilst sharing a high spatial overlap with the ground truth, inferred CNN-based segmentations can lack coherence, including spurious connected components, holes and voids. Such results are implausible, violating anticipated anatomical topology. In response, (single-class) persistent homology-based loss functions have been proposed to capture global anatomical features. Our work extends these approaches to the task of multi-class segmentation. Building an enriched topological description of all class labels and class label pairs, our loss functions make predictable and statistically significant improvements in segmentation topology using a CNN-based post-processing framework. We also present (and make available) a highly efficient implementation based on cubical complexes and parallel execution, enabling practical application within high resolution 3D data for the first time. We demonstrate our approach on 2D short axis and 3D whole heart CMR segmentation, advancing a detailed and faithful analysis of performance on two publicly available datasets.      
### 58.COPS: Controlled Pruning Before Training Starts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12673.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art deep neural network (DNN) pruning techniques, applied one-shot before training starts, evaluate sparse architectures with the help of a single criterion -- called pruning score. Pruning weights based on a solitary score works well for some architectures and pruning rates but may also fail for other ones. As a common baseline for pruning scores, we introduce the notion of a generalized synaptic score (GSS). In this work we do not concentrate on a single pruning criterion, but provide a framework for combining arbitrary GSSs to create more powerful pruning strategies. These COmbined Pruning Scores (COPS) are obtained by solving a constrained optimization problem. Optimizing for more than one score prevents the sparse network to overly specialize on an individual task, thus COntrols Pruning before training Starts. The combinatorial optimization problem given by COPS is relaxed on a linear program (LP). This LP is solved analytically and determines a solution for COPS. Furthermore, an algorithm to compute it for two scores numerically is proposed and evaluated. Solving COPS in such a way has lower complexity than the best general LP solver. In our experiments we compared pruning with COPS against state-of-the-art methods for different network architectures and image classification tasks and obtained improved results.      
### 59.Continual Learning with Neuron Activation Importance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12657.pdf)
>  Continual learning is a concept of online learning with multiple sequential tasks. One of the critical barriers of continual learning is that a network should learn a new task keeping the knowledge of old tasks without access to any data of the old tasks. In this paper, we propose a neuron activation importance-based regularization method for stable continual learning regardless of the order of tasks. We conduct comprehensive experiments on existing benchmark data sets to evaluate not just the stability and plasticity of our method with improved classification accuracy also the robustness of the performance along the changes of task order.      
### 60.Energy-Based Open-World Uncertainty Modeling for Confidence Calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12628.pdf)
>  Confidence calibration is of great importance to the reliability of decisions made by machine learning systems. However, discriminative classifiers based on deep neural networks are often criticized for producing overconfident predictions that fail to reflect the true correctness likelihood of classification accuracy. We argue that such an inability to model uncertainty is mainly caused by the closed-world nature in softmax: a model trained by the cross-entropy loss will be forced to classify input into one of $K$ pre-defined categories with high probability. To address this problem, we for the first time propose a novel $K$+1-way softmax formulation, which incorporates the modeling of open-world uncertainty as the extra dimension. To unify the learning of the original $K$-way classification task and the extra dimension that models uncertainty, we propose a novel energy-based objective function, and moreover, theoretically prove that optimizing such an objective essentially forces the extra dimension to capture the marginal data distribution. Extensive experiments show that our approach, Energy-based Open-World Softmax (EOW-Softmax), is superior to existing state-of-the-art methods in improving confidence calibration.      
### 61.VIPose: Real-time Visual-Inertial 6D Object Pose Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12617.pdf)
>  Estimating the 6D pose of objects is beneficial for robotics tasks such as transportation, autonomous navigation, manipulation as well as in scenarios beyond robotics like virtual and augmented reality. With respect to single image pose estimation, pose tracking takes into account the temporal information across multiple frames to overcome possible detection inconsistencies and to improve the pose estimation efficiency. In this work, we introduce a novel Deep Neural Network (DNN) called VIPose, that combines inertial and camera data to address the object pose tracking problem in real-time. The key contribution is the design of a novel DNN architecture which fuses visual and inertial features to predict the objects' relative 6D pose between consecutive image frames. The overall 6D pose is then estimated by consecutively combining relative poses. Our approach shows remarkable pose estimation results for heavily occluded objects that are well known to be very challenging to handle by existing state-of-the-art solutions. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is validated on a new dataset called VIYCB with RGB image, IMU data, and accurate 6D pose annotations created by employing an automated labeling technique. The approach presents accuracy performances comparable to state-of-the-art techniques, but with additional benefit to be real-time.      
### 62.Parallel Detection for Efficient Video Analytics at the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12563.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Network (DNN) trained object detectors are widely deployed in many mission-critical systems for real time video analytics at the edge, such as autonomous driving and video surveillance. A common performance requirement in these mission-critical edge services is the near real-time latency of online object detection on edge devices. However, even with well-trained DNN object detectors, the online detection quality at edge may deteriorate for a number of reasons, such as limited capacity to run DNN object detection models on heterogeneous edge devices, and detection quality degradation due to random frame dropping when the detection processing rate is significantly slower than the incoming video frame rate. This paper addresses these problems by exploiting multi-model multi-device detection parallelism for fast object detection in edge systems with heterogeneous edge devices. First, we analyze the performance bottleneck of running a well-trained DNN model at edge for real time online object detection. We use the offline detection as a reference model, and examine the root cause by analyzing the mismatch among the incoming video streaming rate, video processing rate for object detection, and output rate for real time detection visualization of video streaming. Second, we study performance optimizations by exploiting multi-model detection parallelism. We show that the model-parallel detection approach can effectively speed up the FPS detection processing rate, minimizing the FPS disparity with the incoming video frame rate on heterogeneous edge devices. We evaluate the proposed approach using SSD300 and YOLOv3 on benchmark videos of different video stream rates. The results show that exploiting multi-model detection parallelism can speed up the online object detection processing rate and deliver near real-time object detection performance for efficient video analytics at edge.      
### 63.Language Grounding with 3D Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12514.pdf)
>  Seemingly simple natural language requests to a robot are generally underspecified, for example "Can you bring me the wireless mouse?" When viewing mice on the shelf, the number of buttons or presence of a wire may not be visible from certain angles or positions. Flat images of candidate mice may not provide the discriminative information needed for "wireless". The world, and objects in it, are not flat images but complex 3D shapes. If a human requests an object based on any of its basic properties, such as color, shape, or texture, robots should perform the necessary exploration to accomplish the task. In particular, while substantial effort and progress has been made on understanding explicitly visual attributes like color and category, comparatively little progress has been made on understanding language about shapes and contours. In this work, we introduce a novel reasoning task that targets both visual and non-visual language about 3D objects. Our new benchmark, ShapeNet Annotated with Referring Expressions (SNARE), requires a model to choose which of two objects is being referenced by a natural language description. We introduce several CLIP-based models for distinguishing objects and demonstrate that while recent advances in jointly modeling vision and language are useful for robotic language understanding, it is still the case that these models are weaker at understanding the 3D nature of objects -- properties which play a key role in manipulation. In particular, we find that adding view estimation to language grounding models improves accuracy on both SNARE and when identifying objects referred to in language on a robot platform.      
### 64.SaRNet: A Dataset for Deep Learning Assisted Search and Rescue with Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12469.pdf)
>  Access to high resolution satellite imagery has dramatically increased in recent years as several new constellations have entered service. High revisit frequencies as well as improved resolution has widened the use cases of satellite imagery to areas such as humanitarian relief and even Search and Rescue (SaR). We propose a novel remote sensing object detection dataset for deep learning assisted SaR. This dataset contains only small objects that have been identified as potential targets as part of a live SaR response. We evaluate the application of popular object detection models to this dataset as a baseline to inform further research. We also propose a novel object detection metric, specifically designed to be used in a deep learning assisted SaR setting.      
### 65.Sharp U-Net: Depthwise Convolutional Network for Biomedical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12461.pdf)
>  The U-Net architecture, built upon the fully convolutional network, has proven to be effective in biomedical image segmentation. However, U-Net applies skip connections to merge semantically different low- and high-level convolutional features, resulting in not only blurred feature maps, but also over- and under-segmented target regions. To address these limitations, we propose a simple, yet effective end-to-end depthwise encoder-decoder fully convolutional network architecture, called Sharp U-Net, for binary and multi-class biomedical image segmentation. The key rationale of Sharp U-Net is that instead of applying a plain skip connection, a depthwise convolution of the encoder feature map with a sharpening kernel filter is employed prior to merging the encoder and decoder features, thereby producing a sharpened intermediate feature map of the same size as the encoder map. Using this sharpening filter layer, we are able to not only fuse semantically less dissimilar features, but also to smooth out artifacts throughout the network layers during the early stages of training. Our extensive experiments on six datasets show that the proposed Sharp U-Net model consistently outperforms or matches the recent state-of-the-art baselines in both binary and multi-class segmentation tasks, while adding no extra learnable parameters. Furthermore, Sharp U-Net outperforms baselines that have more than three times the number of learnable parameters.      
