# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 12 Jul 2021
### 1.ViTGAN: Training GANs with Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04589.pdf)
>  Recently, Vision Transformers (ViTs) have shown competitive performance on image recognition while requiring less vision-specific inductive biases. In this paper, we investigate if such observation can be extended to image generation. To this end, we integrate the ViT architecture into generative adversarial networks (GANs). We observe that existing regularization methods for GANs interact poorly with self-attention, causing serious instability during training. To resolve this issue, we introduce novel regularization techniques for training GANs with ViTs. Empirically, our approach, named ViTGAN, achieves comparable performance to state-of-the-art CNN-based StyleGAN2 on CIFAR-10, CelebA, and LSUN bedroom datasets.      
### 2.Seven Basic Expression Recognition Using ResNet-18  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04569.pdf)
>  We propose to use a ResNet-18 architecture that was pre-trained on the FER+ dataset for tackling the problem of affective behavior analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) for classification of the seven basic expressions, namely, neutral, anger, disgust, fear, happiness, sadness and surprise. As part of the second workshop and competition on affective behavior analysis in-the-wild (ABAW2), a database consisting of 564 videos with around 2.8M frames is provided along with labels for these seven basic expressions. We resampled the dataset to counter class-imbalances by under-sampling the over-represented classes and over-sampling the under-represented classes along with class-wise weights. To avoid overfitting we performed data-augmentation and used L2 regularisation. Our classifier reaches an ABAW2 score of 0.4 and therefore exceeds the baseline results provided by the hosts of the competition.      
### 3.White-Box Cartoonization Using An Extended GAN Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04551.pdf)
>  In the present study, we propose to implement a new framework for estimating generative models via an adversarial process to extend an existing GAN framework and develop a white-box controllable image cartoonization, which can generate high-quality cartooned images/videos from real-world photos and videos. The learning purposes of our system are based on three distinct representations: surface representation, structure representation, and texture representation. The surface representation refers to the smooth surface of the images. The structure representation relates to the sparse colour blocks and compresses generic content. The texture representation shows the texture, curves, and features in cartoon images. Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) framework decomposes the images into different representations and learns from them to generate cartoon images. This decomposition makes the framework more controllable and flexible which allows users to make changes based on the required output. This approach overcomes any previous system in terms of maintaining clarity, colours, textures, shapes of images yet showing the characteristics of cartoon images.      
### 4.Cross-modal Attention for MRI and Ultrasound Volume Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04548.pdf)
>  Prostate cancer biopsy benefits from accurate fusion of transrectal ultrasound (TRUS) and magnetic resonance (MR) images. In the past few years, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been proved powerful in extracting image features crucial for image registration. However, challenging applications and recent advances in computer vision suggest that CNNs are quite limited in its ability to understand spatial correspondence between features, a task in which the self-attention mechanism excels. This paper aims to develop a self-attention mechanism specifically for cross-modal image registration. Our proposed cross-modal attention block effectively maps each of the features in one volume to all features in the corresponding volume. Our experimental results demonstrate that a CNN network designed with the cross-modal attention block embedded outperforms an advanced CNN network 10 times of its size. We also incorporated visualization techniques to improve the interpretability of our network. The source code of our work is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DIAL-RPI/Attention-Reg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 5.Event-Based Feature Tracking in Continuous Time with Sliding Window Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04536.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for continuous-time feature tracking in event cameras. To this end, we track features by aligning events along an estimated trajectory in space-time such that the projection on the image plane results in maximally sharp event patch images. The trajectory is parameterized by $n^{th}$ order B-splines, which are continuous up to $(n-2)^{th}$ derivative. In contrast to previous work, we optimize the curve parameters in a sliding window fashion. On a public dataset we experimentally confirm that the proposed sliding-window B-spline optimization leads to longer and more accurate feature tracks than in previous work.      
### 6.Learning Cascaded Detection Tasks with Weakly-Supervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04523.pdf)
>  In order to handle the challenges of autonomous driving, deep learning has proven to be crucial in tackling increasingly complex tasks, such as 3D detection or instance segmentation. State-of-the-art approaches for image-based detection tasks tackle this complexity by operating in a cascaded fashion: they first extract a 2D bounding box based on which additional attributes, e.g. instance masks, are inferred. While these methods perform well, a key challenge remains the lack of accurate and cheap annotations for the growing variety of tasks. Synthetic data presents a promising solution but, despite the effort in domain adaptation research, the gap between synthetic and real data remains an open problem. In this work, we propose a weakly supervised domain adaptation setting which exploits the structure of cascaded detection tasks. In particular, we learn to infer the attributes solely from the source domain while leveraging 2D bounding boxes as weak labels in both domains to explain the domain shift. We further encourage domain-invariant features through class-wise feature alignment using ground-truth class information, which is not available in the unsupervised setting. As our experiments demonstrate, the approach is competitive with fully supervised settings while outperforming unsupervised adaptation approaches by a large margin.      
### 7.Gradient-Based Quantification of Epistemic Uncertainty for Deep Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04517.pdf)
>  Reliable epistemic uncertainty estimation is an essential component for backend applications of deep object detectors in safety-critical environments. Modern network architectures tend to give poorly calibrated confidences with limited predictive power. Here, we introduce novel gradient-based uncertainty metrics and investigate them for different object detection architectures. Experiments on the MS COCO, PASCAL VOC and the KITTI dataset show significant improvements in true positive / false positive discrimination and prediction of intersection over union as compared to network confidence. We also find improvement over Monte-Carlo dropout uncertainty metrics and further significant boosts by aggregating different sources of uncertainty metrics.The resulting uncertainty models generate well-calibrated confidences in all instances. Furthermore, we implement our uncertainty quantification models into object detection pipelines as a means to discern true against false predictions, replacing the ordinary score-threshold-based decision rule. In our experiments, we achieve a significant boost in detection performance in terms of mean average precision. With respect to computational complexity, we find that computing gradient uncertainty metrics results in floating point operation counts similar to those of Monte-Carlo dropout.      
### 8.Semantic and Geometric Unfolding of StyleGAN Latent Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04481.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have proven to be surprisingly efficient for image editing by inverting and manipulating the latent code corresponding to a natural image. This property emerges from the disentangled nature of the latent space. In this paper, we identify two geometric limitations of such latent space: (a) euclidean distances differ from image perceptual distance, and (b) disentanglement is not optimal and facial attribute separation using linear model is a limiting hypothesis. We thus propose a new method to learn a proxy latent representation using normalizing flows to remedy these limitations, and show that this leads to a more efficient space for face image editing.      
### 9.MutualEyeContact: A conversation analysis tool with focus on eye contact  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04476.pdf)
>  Eye contact between individuals is particularly important for understanding human behaviour. To further investigate the importance of eye contact in social interactions, portable eye tracking technology seems to be a natural choice. However, the analysis of available data can become quite complex. Scientists need data that is calculated quickly and accurately. Additionally, the relevant data must be automatically separated to save time. In this work, we propose a tool called MutualEyeContact which excels in those tasks and can help scientists to understand the importance of (mutual) eye contact in social interactions. We combine state-of-the-art eye tracking with face recognition based on machine learning and provide a tool for analysis and visualization of social interaction sessions. This work is a joint collaboration of computer scientists and cognitive scientists. It combines the fields of social and behavioural science with computer vision and deep learning.      
### 10.Interpretable Compositional Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04474.pdf)
>  The reasonable definition of semantic interpretability presents the core challenge in explainable AI. This paper proposes a method to modify a traditional convolutional neural network (CNN) into an interpretable compositional CNN, in order to learn filters that encode meaningful visual patterns in intermediate convolutional layers. In a compositional CNN, each filter is supposed to consistently represent a specific compositional object part or image region with a clear meaning. The compositional CNN learns from image labels for classification without any annotations of parts or regions for supervision. Our method can be broadly applied to different types of CNNs. Experiments have demonstrated the effectiveness of our method.      
### 11.On the Challenges of Open World Recognitionunder Shifting Visual Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04461.pdf)
>  Robotic visual systems operating in the wild must act in unconstrained scenarios, under different environmental conditions while facing a variety of semantic concepts, including unknown ones. To this end, recent works tried to empower visual object recognition methods with the capability to i) detect unseen concepts and ii) extended their knowledge over time, as images of new semantic classes arrive. This setting, called Open World Recognition (OWR), has the goal to produce systems capable of breaking the semantic limits present in the initial training set. However, this training set imposes to the system not only its own semantic limits, but also environmental ones, due to its bias toward certain acquisition conditions that do not necessarily reflect the high variability of the real-world. This discrepancy between training and test distribution is called domain-shift. This work investigates whether OWR algorithms are effective under domain-shift, presenting the first benchmark setup for assessing fairly the performances of OWR algorithms, with and without domain-shift. We then use this benchmark to conduct analyses in various scenarios, showing how existing OWR algorithms indeed suffer a severe performance degradation when train and test distributions differ. Our analysis shows that this degradation is only slightly mitigated by coupling OWR with domain generalization techniques, indicating that the mere plug-and-play of existing algorithms is not enough to recognize new and unknown categories in unseen domains. Our results clearly point toward open issues and future research directions, that need to be investigated for building robot visual systems able to function reliably under these challenging yet very real conditions. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DarioFontanel/OWR-VisualDomains" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 12.Multimodal Icon Annotation For Mobile Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04452.pdf)
>  Annotating user interfaces (UIs) that involves localization and classification of meaningful UI elements on a screen is a critical step for many mobile applications such as screen readers and voice control of devices. Annotating object icons, such as menu, search, and arrow backward, is especially challenging due to the lack of explicit labels on screens, their similarity to pictures, and their diverse shapes. Existing studies either use view hierarchy or pixel based methods to tackle the task. Pixel based approaches are more popular as view hierarchy features on mobile platforms are often incomplete or inaccurate, however it leaves out instructional information in the view hierarchy such as resource-ids or content descriptions. We propose a novel deep learning based multi-modal approach that combines the benefits of both pixel and view hierarchy features as well as leverages the state-of-the-art object detection techniques. In order to demonstrate the utility provided, we create a high quality UI dataset by manually annotating the most commonly used 29 icons in Rico, a large scale mobile design dataset consisting of 72k UI screenshots. The experimental results indicate the effectiveness of our multi-modal approach. Our model not only outperforms a widely used object classification baseline but also pixel based object detection models. Our study sheds light on how to combine view hierarchy with pixel features for annotating UI elements.      
### 13.Multi-Modal Association based Grouping for Form Structure Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04396.pdf)
>  Document structure extraction has been a widely researched area for decades. Recent work in this direction has been deep learning-based, mostly focusing on extracting structure using fully convolution NN through semantic segmentation. In this work, we present a novel multi-modal approach for form structure extraction. Given simple elements such as textruns and widgets, we extract higher-order structures such as TextBlocks, Text Fields, Choice Fields, and Choice Groups, which are essential for information collection in forms. To achieve this, we obtain a local image patch around each low-level element (reference) by identifying candidate elements closest to it. We process textual and spatial representation of candidates sequentially through a BiLSTM to obtain context-aware representations and fuse them with image patch features obtained by processing it through a CNN. Subsequently, the sequential decoder takes this fused feature vector to predict the association type between reference and candidates. These predicted associations are utilized to determine larger structures through connected components analysis. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our approach achieving a recall of 90.29%, 73.80%, 83.12%, and 52.72% for the above structures, respectively, outperforming semantic segmentation baselines significantly. We show the efficacy of our method through ablations, comparing it against using individual modalities. We also introduce our new rich human-annotated Forms Dataset.      
### 14.Action Unit Detection with Joint Adaptive Attention and Graph Relation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04389.pdf)
>  This paper describes an approach to the facial action unit (AU) detection. In this work, we present our submission to the Field Affective Behavior Analysis (ABAW) 2021 competition. The proposed method uses the pre-trained JAA model as the feature extractor, and extracts global features, face alignment features and AU local features on the basis of multi-scale features. We take the AU local features as the input of the graph convolution to further consider the correlation between AU, and finally use the fused features to classify AU. The detected accuracy was evaluated by 0.5*accuracy + 0.5*F1. Our model achieves 0.674 on the challenging Aff-Wild2 database.      
### 15.Hoechst Is All You Need: LymphocyteClassification with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04388.pdf)
>  Multiplex immunofluorescence and immunohistochemistry benefit patients by allowing cancer pathologists to identify several proteins expressed on the surface of cells, enabling cell classification, better understanding of the tumour micro-environment, more accurate diagnoses, prognoses, and tailored immunotherapy based on the immune status of individual patients. However, they are expensive and time consuming processes which require complex staining and imaging techniques by expert technicians. Hoechst staining is much cheaper and easier to perform, but is not typically used in this case as it binds to DNA rather than to the proteins targeted by immunofluorescent techniques, and it was not previously thought possible to differentiate cells expressing these proteins based only on DNA morphology. In this work we show otherwise, training a deep convolutional neural network to identify cells expressing three proteins (T lymphocyte markers CD3 and CD8, and the B lymphocyte marker CD20) with greater than 90% precision and recall, from Hoechst 33342 stained tissue only. Our model learns previously unknown morphological features associated with expression of these proteins which can be used to accurately differentiate lymphocyte subtypes for use in key prognostic metrics such as assessment of immune cell infiltration,and thereby predict and improve patient outcomes without the need for costly multiplex immunofluorescence.      
### 16.Joint Matrix Decomposition for Deep Convolutional Neural Networks Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04386.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with a large number of parameters requires huge computational resources, which has limited the application of CNNs on resources constrained appliances. Decomposition-based methods, therefore, have been utilized to compress CNNs in recent years. However, since the compression factor and performance are negatively correlated, the state-of-the-art works either suffer from severe performance degradation or have limited low compression factors. To overcome these problems, unlike previous works compressing layers separately, we propose to compress CNNs and alleviate performance degradation via joint matrix decomposition. The idea is inspired by the fact that there are lots of repeated modules in CNNs, and by projecting weights with the same structures into the same subspace, networks can be further compressed and even accelerated. In particular, three joint matrix decomposition schemes are developed, and the corresponding optimization approaches based on Singular Values Decomposition are proposed. Extensive experiments are conducted across three challenging compact CNNs and 3 benchmark data sets to demonstrate the superior performance of our proposed algorithms. As a result, our methods can compress the size of ResNet-34 by 22x with slighter accuracy degradation compared with several state-of-the-art methods.      
### 17.RGB Stream Is Enough for Temporal Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04362.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art temporal action detectors to date are based on two-stream input including RGB frames and optical flow. Although combining RGB frames and optical flow boosts performance significantly, optical flow is a hand-designed representation which not only requires heavy computation, but also makes it methodologically unsatisfactory that two-stream methods are often not learned end-to-end jointly with the flow. In this paper, we argue that optical flow is dispensable in high-accuracy temporal action detection and image level data augmentation (ILDA) is the key solution to avoid performance degradation when optical flow is removed. To evaluate the effectiveness of ILDA, we design a simple yet efficient one-stage temporal action detector based on single RGB stream named DaoTAD. Our results show that when trained with ILDA, DaoTAD has comparable accuracy with all existing state-of-the-art two-stream detectors while surpassing the inference speed of previous methods by a large margin and the inference speed is astounding 6668 fps on GeForce GTX 1080 Ti. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Media-Smart/vedatad" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 18.Graph-based Deep Generative Modelling for Document Layout Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04357.pdf)
>  One of the major prerequisites for any deep learning approach is the availability of large-scale training data. When dealing with scanned document images in real world scenarios, the principal information of its content is stored in the layout itself. In this work, we have proposed an automated deep generative model using Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) to generate synthetic data with highly variable and plausible document layouts that can be used to train document interpretation systems, in this case, specially in digital mailroom applications. It is also the first graph-based approach for document layout generation task experimented on administrative document images, in this case, invoices.      
### 19.StyleCariGAN: Caricature Generation via StyleGAN Feature Map Modulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04331.pdf)
>  We present a caricature generation framework based on shape and style manipulation using StyleGAN. Our framework, dubbed StyleCariGAN, automatically creates a realistic and detailed caricature from an input photo with optional controls on shape exaggeration degree and color stylization type. The key component of our method is shape exaggeration blocks that are used for modulating coarse layer feature maps of StyleGAN to produce desirable caricature shape exaggerations. We first build a layer-mixed StyleGAN for photo-to-caricature style conversion by swapping fine layers of the StyleGAN for photos to the corresponding layers of the StyleGAN trained to generate caricatures. Given an input photo, the layer-mixed model produces detailed color stylization for a caricature but without shape exaggerations. We then append shape exaggeration blocks to the coarse layers of the layer-mixed model and train the blocks to create shape exaggerations while preserving the characteristic appearances of the input. Experimental results show that our StyleCariGAN generates realistic and detailed caricatures compared to the current state-of-the-art methods. We demonstrate StyleCariGAN also supports other StyleGAN-based image manipulations, such as facial expression control.      
### 20.Score refinement for confidence-based 3D multi-object tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04327.pdf)
>  Multi-object tracking is a critical component in autonomous navigation, as it provides valuable information for decision-making. Many researchers tackled the 3D multi-object tracking task by filtering out the frame-by-frame 3D detections; however, their focus was mainly on finding useful features or proper matching metrics. Our work focuses on a neglected part of the tracking system: score refinement and tracklet termination. We show that manipulating the scores depending on time consistency while terminating the tracklets depending on the tracklet score improves tracking results. We do this by increasing the matched tracklets' score with score update functions and decreasing the unmatched tracklets' score. Compared to count-based methods, our method consistently produces better AMOTA and MOTA scores when utilizing various detectors and filtering algorithms on different datasets. The improvements in AMOTA score went up to 1.83 and 2.96 in MOTA. We also used our method as a late-fusion ensembling method, and it performed better than voting-based ensemble methods by a solid margin. It achieved an AMOTA score of 67.6 on nuScenes test evaluation, which is comparable to other state-of-the-art trackers. Code is publicly available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cogsys-tuebingen/CBMOT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 21.Semantic Segmentation on Multiple Visual Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04326.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation models only perform well on the domain they are trained on and datasets for training are scarce and often have a small label-spaces, because the pixel level annotations required are expensive to make. Thus training models on multiple existing domains is desired to increase the output label-space. Current research shows that there is potential to improve accuracy across datasets by using multi-domain training, but this has not yet been successfully extended to datasets of three different non-overlapping domains without manual labelling. In this paper a method for this is proposed for the datasets Cityscapes, SUIM and SUN RGB-D, by creating a label-space that spans all classes of the datasets. Duplicate classes are merged and discrepant granularity is solved by keeping classes separate. Results show that accuracy of the multi-domain model has higher accuracy than all baseline models together, if hardware performance is equalized, as resources are not limitless, showing that models benefit from additional data even from domains that have nothing in common.      
### 22.Mutually-aware Sub-Graphs Differentiable Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04324.pdf)
>  Differentiable architecture search is prevalent in the field of NAS because of its simplicity and efficiency, where two paradigms, multi-path algorithms and single-path methods, are dominated. Multi-path framework (e.g. DARTS) is intuitive but suffers from memory usage and training collapse. Single-path methods (e.g.GDAS and ProxylessNAS) mitigate the memory issue and shrink the gap between searching and evaluation but sacrifice the performance. In this paper, we propose a conceptually simple yet efficient method to bridge these two paradigms, referred as Mutually-aware Sub-Graphs Differentiable Architecture Search (MSG-DAS). The core of our framework is a differentiable Gumbel-TopK sampler that produces multiple mutually exclusive single-path sub-graphs. To alleviate the severer skip-connect issue brought by multiple sub-graphs setting, we propose a Dropblock-Identity module to stabilize the optimization. To make best use of the available models (super-net and sub-graphs), we introduce a memory-efficient super-net guidance distillation to improve training. The proposed framework strikes a balance between flexible memory usage and searching quality. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods on ImageNet and CIFAR10, where the searched models show a comparable performance as the most recent approaches.      
### 23.Memes in the Wild: Assessing the Generalizability of the Hateful Memes Challenge Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04313.pdf)
>  Hateful memes pose a unique challenge for current machine learning systems because their message is derived from both text- and visual-modalities. To this effect, Facebook released the Hateful Memes Challenge, a dataset of memes with pre-extracted text captions, but it is unclear whether these synthetic examples generalize to `memes in the wild'. In this paper, we collect hateful and non-hateful memes from Pinterest to evaluate out-of-sample performance on models pre-trained on the Facebook dataset. We find that memes in the wild differ in two key aspects: 1) Captions must be extracted via OCR, injecting noise and diminishing performance of multimodal models, and 2) Memes are more diverse than `traditional memes', including screenshots of conversations or text on a plain background. This paper thus serves as a reality check for the current benchmark of hateful meme detection and its applicability for detecting real world hate.      
### 24.Beyond Farthest Point Sampling in Point-Wise Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04291.pdf)
>  Sampling, grouping, and aggregation are three important components in the multi-scale analysis of point clouds. In this paper, we present a novel data-driven sampler learning strategy for point-wise analysis tasks. Unlike the widely used sampling technique, Farthest Point Sampling (FPS), we propose to learn sampling and downstream applications jointly. Our key insight is that uniform sampling methods like FPS are not always optimal for different tasks: sampling more points around boundary areas can make the point-wise classification easier for segmentation. Towards the end, we propose a novel sampler learning strategy that learns sampling point displacement supervised by task-related ground truth information and can be trained jointly with the underlying tasks. We further demonstrate our methods in various point-wise analysis architectures, including semantic part segmentation, point cloud completion, and keypoint detection. Our experiments show that jointly learning of the sampler and task brings remarkable improvement over previous baseline methods.      
### 25.UrbanScene3D: A Large Scale Urban Scene Dataset and Simulator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04286.pdf)
>  The ability to perceive the environments in different ways is essential to robotic research. This involves the analysis of both 2D and 3D data sources. We present a large scale urban scene dataset associated with a handy simulator based on Unreal Engine 4 and AirSim, which consists of both man-made and real-world reconstruction scenes in different scales, referred to as UrbanScene3D. Unlike previous works that purely based on 2D information or man-made 3D CAD models, UrbanScene3D contains both compact man-made models and detailed real-world models reconstructed by aerial images. Each building has been manually extracted from the entire scene model and then has been assigned with a unique label, forming an instance segmentation map. The provided 3D ground-truth textured models with instance segmentation labels in UrbanScene3D allow users to obtain all kinds of data they would like to have: instance segmentation map, depth map in arbitrary resolution, 3D point cloud/mesh in both visible and invisible places, etc. In addition, with the help of AirSim, users can also simulate the robots (cars/drones)to test a variety of autonomous tasks in the proposed city environment. Please refer to our paper and website(https://vcc.tech/UrbanScene3D/) for further details and applications.      
### 26.JPGNet: Joint Predictive Filtering and Generative Network for Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04281.pdf)
>  Image inpainting aims to restore the missing regions and make the recovery results identical to the originally complete image, which is different from the common generative task emphasizing the naturalness of generated images. Nevertheless, existing works usually regard it as a pure generation problem and employ cutting-edge generative techniques to address it. The generative networks fill the main missing parts with realistic contents but usually distort the local structures. In this paper, we formulate image inpainting as a mix of two problems, i.e., predictive filtering and deep generation. Predictive filtering is good at preserving local structures and removing artifacts but falls short to complete the large missing regions. The deep generative network can fill the numerous missing pixels based on the understanding of the whole scene but hardly restores the details identical to the original ones. To make use of their respective advantages, we propose the joint predictive filtering and generative network (JPGNet) that contains three branches: predictive filtering &amp; uncertainty network (PFUNet), deep generative network, and uncertainty-aware fusion network (UAFNet). The PFUNet can adaptively predict pixel-wise kernels for filtering-based inpainting according to the input image and output an uncertainty map. This map indicates the pixels should be processed by filtering or generative networks, which is further fed to the UAFNet for a smart combination between filtering and generative results. Note that, our method as a novel framework for the image inpainting problem can benefit any existing generation-based methods. We validate our method on three public datasets, i.e., Dunhuang, Places2, and CelebA, and demonstrate that our method can enhance three state-of-the-art generative methods (i.e., StructFlow, EdgeConnect, and RFRNet) significantly with the slightly extra time cost.      
### 27.Fast Pixel-Matching for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04279.pdf)
>  Video object segmentation, aiming to segment the foreground objects given the annotation of the first frame, has been attracting increasing attentions. Many state-of-the-art approaches have achieved great performance by relying on online model updating or mask-propagation techniques. However, most online models require high computational cost due to model fine-tuning during inference. Most mask-propagation based models are faster but with relatively low performance due to failure to adapt to object appearance variation. In this paper, we are aiming to design a new model to make a good balance between speed and performance. We propose a model, called NPMCA-net, which directly localizes foreground objects based on mask-propagation and non-local technique by matching pixels in reference and target frames. Since we bring in information of both first and previous frames, our network is robust to large object appearance variation, and can better adapt to occlusions. Extensive experiments show that our approach can achieve a new state-of-the-art performance with a fast speed at the same time (86.5% IoU on DAVIS-2016 and 72.2% IoU on DAVIS-2017, with speed of 0.11s per frame) under the same level comparison. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/siyueyu/NPMCA-net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Prior-Guided Multi-View 3D Head Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04277.pdf)
>  Recovering a 3D head model including the complete face and hair regions is still a challenging problem in computer vision and graphics. In this paper, we consider this problem with a few multi-view portrait images as input. Previous multi-view stereo methods, either based on the optimization strategies or deep learning techniques, suffer from low-frequency geometric structures such as unclear head structures and inaccurate reconstruction in hair regions. To tackle this problem, we propose a prior-guided implicit neural rendering network. Specifically, we model the head geometry with a learnable signed distance field (SDF) and optimize it via an implicit differentiable renderer with the guidance of some human head priors, including the facial prior knowledge, head semantic segmentation information and 2D hair orientation maps. The utilization of these priors can improve the reconstruction accuracy and robustness, leading to a high-quality integrated 3D head model. Extensive ablation studies and comparisons with state-of-the-art methods demonstrate that our method could produce high-fidelity 3D head geometries with the guidance of these priors.      
### 29.Towards Robust General Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04263.pdf)
>  The reliability of Deep Learning systems depends on their accuracy but also on their robustness against adversarial perturbations to the input data. Several attacks and defenses have been proposed to improve the performance of Deep Neural Networks under the presence of adversarial noise in the natural image domain. However, robustness in computer-aided diagnosis for volumetric data has only been explored for specific tasks and with limited attacks. We propose a new framework to assess the robustness of general medical image segmentation systems. Our contributions are two-fold: (i) we propose a new benchmark to evaluate robustness in the context of the Medical Segmentation Decathlon (MSD) by extending the recent AutoAttack natural image classification framework to the domain of volumetric data segmentation, and (ii) we present a novel lattice architecture for RObust Generic medical image segmentation (ROG). Our results show that ROG is capable of generalizing across different tasks of the MSD and largely surpasses the state-of-the-art under sophisticated adversarial attacks.      
### 30.Wavelet Transform-assisted Adaptive Generative Modeling for Colorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04261.pdf)
>  Unsupervised deep learning has recently demonstrated the promise to produce high-quality samples. While it has tremendous potential to promote the image colorization task, the performance is limited owing to the manifold hypothesis in machine learning. This study presents a novel scheme that exploiting the score-based generative model in wavelet domain to address the issue. By taking advantage of the multi-scale and multi-channel representation via wavelet transform, the proposed model learns the priors from stacked wavelet coefficient components, thus learns the image characteristics under coarse and detail frequency spectrums jointly and effectively. Moreover, such a highly flexible generative model without adversarial optimization can execute colorization tasks better under dual consistency terms in wavelet domain, namely data-consistency and structure-consistency. Specifically, in the training phase, a set of multi-channel tensors consisting of wavelet coefficients are used as the input to train the network by denoising score matching. In the test phase, samples are iteratively generated via annealed Langevin dynamics with data and structure consistencies. Experiments demonstrated remarkable improvements of the proposed model on colorization quality, particularly on colorization robustness and diversity.      
### 31.Unity Perception: Generate Synthetic Data for Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04259.pdf)
>  We introduce the Unity Perception package which aims to simplify and accelerate the process of generating synthetic datasets for computer vision tasks by offering an easy-to-use and highly customizable toolset. This open-source package extends the Unity Editor and engine components to generate perfectly annotated examples for several common computer vision tasks. Additionally, it offers an extensible Randomization framework that lets the user quickly construct and configure randomized simulation parameters in order to introduce variation into the generated datasets. We provide an overview of the provided tools and how they work, and demonstrate the value of the generated synthetic datasets by training a 2D object detection model. The model trained with mostly synthetic data outperforms the model trained using only real data.      
### 32.Deep Image Synthesis from Intuitive User Input: A Review and Perspectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04240.pdf)
>  In many applications of computer graphics, art and design, it is desirable for a user to provide intuitive non-image input, such as text, sketch, stroke, graph or layout, and have a computer system automatically generate photo-realistic images that adhere to the input content. While classic works that allow such automatic image content generation have followed a framework of image retrieval and composition, recent advances in deep generative models such as generative adversarial networks (GANs), variational autoencoders (VAEs), and flow-based methods have enabled more powerful and versatile image generation tasks. This paper reviews recent works for image synthesis given intuitive user input, covering advances in input versatility, image generation methodology, benchmark datasets, and evaluation metrics. This motivates new perspectives on input representation and interactivity, cross pollination between major image generation paradigms, and evaluation and comparison of generation methods.      
### 33.Activated Gradients for Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04228.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks often suffer from poor performance or even training failure due to the ill-conditioned problem, the vanishing/exploding gradient problem, and the saddle point problem. In this paper, a novel method by acting the gradient activation function (GAF) on the gradient is proposed to handle these challenges. Intuitively, the GAF enlarges the tiny gradients and restricts the large gradient. Theoretically, this paper gives conditions that the GAF needs to meet, and on this basis, proves that the GAF alleviates the problems mentioned above. In addition, this paper proves that the convergence rate of SGD with the GAF is faster than that without the GAF under some assumptions. Furthermore, experiments on CIFAR, ImageNet, and PASCAL visual object classes confirm the GAF's effectiveness. The experimental results also demonstrate that the proposed method is able to be adopted in various deep neural networks to improve their performance. The source code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LongJin-lab/Activated-Gradients-for-Deep-Neural-Networks" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.A Multi-task Mean Teacher for Semi-supervised Facial Affective Behavior Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04225.pdf)
>  Affective Behavior Analysis is an important part in human?computer interaction. Existing successful affective behavior analysis method such as TSAV[9] suffer from challenge of incomplete labeled datasets. To boost its performance, this paper presents a multi-task mean teacher model for semi?supervised Affective Behavior Analysis to learn from missing labels and exploring the learning of multiple correlated task simultaneously. To be specific, we first utilize TSAV as baseline model to simultaneously recognize the three tasks. We have modified the preprocessing method of rendering mask to provide better semantics information. After that, we extended TSAV model to semi-supervised model using mean teacher, which allow it to be benefited from unlabeled data. Experimental results on validation datasets show that our method achieves better performance than TSAV model, which verifies that the proposed network can effectively learn additional unlabeled data to boost the affective behavior analysis performance.      
### 35.Emotion Recognition with Incomplete Labels Using Modified Multi-task Learning Technique  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04192.pdf)
>  The task of predicting affective information in the wild such as seven basic emotions or action units from human faces has gradually become more interesting due to the accessibility and availability of massive annotated datasets. In this study, we propose a method that utilizes the association between seven basic emotions and twelve action units from the AffWild2 dataset. The method based on the architecture of ResNet50 involves the multi-task learning technique for the incomplete labels of the two tasks. By combining the knowledge for two correlated tasks, both performances are improved by a large margin compared to those with the model employing only one kind of label.      
### 36.A Multi-modal and Multi-task Learning Method for Action Unit and Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04187.pdf)
>  Analyzing human affect is vital for human-computer interaction systems. Most methods are developed in restricted scenarios which are not practical for in-the-wild settings. The Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) 2021 Contest provides a benchmark for this in-the-wild problem. In this paper, we introduce a multi-modal and multi-task learning method by using both visual and audio information. We use both AU and expression annotations to train the model and apply a sequence model to further extract associations between video frames. We achieve an AU score of 0.712 and an expression score of 0.477 on the validation set. These results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in improving model performance.      
### 37.Effectiveness of State-of-the-Art Super Resolution Algorithms in Surveillance Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04133.pdf)
>  Image Super Resolution (SR) finds applications in areas where images need to be closely inspected by the observer to extract enhanced information. One such focused application is an offline forensic analysis of surveillance feeds. Due to the limitations of camera hardware, camera pose, limited bandwidth, varying illumination conditions, and occlusions, the quality of the surveillance feed is significantly degraded at times, thereby compromising monitoring of behavior, activities, and other sporadic information in the scene. For the proposed research work, we have inspected the effectiveness of four conventional yet effective SR algorithms and three deep learning-based SR algorithms to seek the finest method that executes well in a surveillance environment with limited training data op-tions. These algorithms generate an enhanced resolution output image from a sin-gle low-resolution (LR) input image. For performance analysis, a subset of 220 images from six surveillance datasets has been used, consisting of individuals with varying distances from the camera, changing illumination conditions, and complex backgrounds. The performance of these algorithms has been evaluated and compared using both qualitative and quantitative metrics. These SR algo-rithms have also been compared based on face detection accuracy. By analyzing and comparing the performance of all the algorithms, a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based SR technique using an external dictionary proved to be best by achieving robust face detection accuracy and scoring optimal quantitative metric results under different surveillance conditions. This is because the CNN layers progressively learn more complex features using an external dictionary.      
### 38.Multitask Multi-database Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04127.pdf)
>  In this work, we introduce our submission to the 2nd Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) 2021 competition. We train a unified deep learning model on multi-databases to perform two tasks: seven basic facial expressions prediction and valence-arousal estimation. Since these databases do not contains labels for all the two tasks, we have applied the distillation knowledge technique to train two networks: one teacher and one student model. The student model will be trained using both ground truth labels and soft labels derived from the pretrained teacher model. During the training, we add one more task, which is the combination of the two mentioned tasks, for better exploiting inter-task correlations. We also exploit the sharing videos between the two tasks of the AffWild2 database that is used in the competition, to further improve the performance of the network. Experiment results shows that the network have achieved promising results on the validation set of the AffWild2 database. Code and pretrained model are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/glmanhtu/multitask-abaw-2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 39.ANCER: Anisotropic Certification via Sample-wise Volume Maximization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04570.pdf)
>  Randomized smoothing has recently emerged as an effective tool that enables certification of deep neural network classifiers at scale. All prior art on randomized smoothing has focused on isotropic $\ell_p$ certification, which has the advantage of yielding certificates that can be easily compared among isotropic methods via $\ell_p$-norm radius. However, isotropic certification limits the region that can be certified around an input to worst-case adversaries, \ie it cannot reason about other "close", potentially large, constant prediction safe regions. To alleviate this issue, (i) we theoretically extend the isotropic randomized smoothing $\ell_1$ and $\ell_2$ certificates to their generalized anisotropic counterparts following a simplified analysis. Moreover, (ii) we propose evaluation metrics allowing for the comparison of general certificates - a certificate is superior to another if it certifies a superset region - with the quantification of each certificate through the volume of the certified region. We introduce ANCER, a practical framework for obtaining anisotropic certificates for a given test set sample via volume maximization. Our empirical results demonstrate that ANCER achieves state-of-the-art $\ell_1$ and $\ell_2$ certified accuracy on both CIFAR-10 and ImageNet at multiple radii, while certifying substantially larger regions in terms of volume, thus highlighting the benefits of moving away from isotropic analysis. Code used in our experiments is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MotasemAlfarra/ANCER" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.Modality specific U-Net variants for biomedical image segmentation: A survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04537.pdf)
>  With the advent of advancements in deep learning approaches, such as deep convolution neural network, residual neural network, adversarial network; U-Net architectures are most widely utilized in biomedical image segmentation to address the automation in identification and detection of the target regions or sub-regions. In recent studies, U-Net based approaches have illustrated state-of-the-art performance in different applications for the development of computer-aided diagnosis systems for early diagnosis and treatment of diseases such as brain tumor, lung cancer, alzheimer, breast cancer, etc. This article contributes to present the success of these approaches by describing the U-Net framework, followed by the comprehensive analysis of the U-Net variants for different medical imaging or modalities such as magnetic resonance imaging, X-ray, computerized tomography/computerized axial tomography, ultrasound, positron emission tomography, etc. Besides, this article also highlights the contribution of U-Net based frameworks in the on-going pandemic, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) also known as COVID-19.      
### 41.Hacking VMAF and VMAF NEG: metrics vulnerability to different preprocessing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04510.pdf)
>  Video quality measurement plays a critical role in the development of video processing applications. In this paper, we show how popular quality metrics VMAF and its tuning-resistant version VMAF NEG can be artificially increased by video preprocessing. We propose a pipeline for tuning parameters of processing algorithms that allows increasing VMAF by up to 218.8%. A subjective comparison of preprocessed videos showed that with the majority of methods visual quality drops down or stays unchanged. We show that VMAF NEG scores can also be increased by some preprocessing methods by up to 23.6%.      
### 42.Understanding the Distributions of Aggregation Layers in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04458.pdf)
>  The process of aggregation is ubiquitous in almost all deep nets models. It functions as an important mechanism for consolidating deep features into a more compact representation, whilst increasing robustness to overfitting and providing spatial invariance in deep nets. In particular, the proximity of global aggregation layers to the output layers of DNNs mean that aggregated features have a direct influence on the performance of a deep net. A better understanding of this relationship can be obtained using information theoretic methods. However, this requires the knowledge of the distributions of the activations of aggregation layers. To achieve this, we propose a novel mathematical formulation for analytically modelling the probability distributions of output values of layers involved with deep feature aggregation. An important outcome is our ability to analytically predict the KL-divergence of output nodes in a DNN. We also experimentally verify our theoretical predictions against empirical observations across a range of different classification tasks and datasets.      
### 43.A Deep Discontinuity-Preserving Image Registration Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04440.pdf)
>  Image registration aims to establish spatial correspondence across pairs, or groups of images, and is a cornerstone of medical image computing and computer-assisted-interventions. Currently, most deep learning-based registration methods assume that the desired deformation fields are globally smooth and continuous, which is not always valid for real-world scenarios, especially in medical image registration (e.g. cardiac imaging and abdominal imaging). Such a global constraint can lead to artefacts and increased errors at discontinuous tissue interfaces. To tackle this issue, we propose a weakly-supervised Deep Discontinuity-preserving Image Registration network (DDIR), to obtain better registration performance and realistic deformation fields. We demonstrate that our method achieves significant improvements in registration accuracy and predicts more realistic deformations, in registration experiments on cardiac magnetic resonance (MR) images from UK Biobank Imaging Study (UKBB), than state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 44.Learning to Detect Adversarial Examples Based on Class Scores  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04435.pdf)
>  Given the increasing threat of adversarial attacks on deep neural networks (DNNs), research on efficient detection methods is more important than ever. In this work, we take a closer look at adversarial attack detection based on the class scores of an already trained classification model. We propose to train a support vector machine (SVM) on the class scores to detect adversarial examples. Our method is able to detect adversarial examples generated by various attacks, and can be easily adopted to a plethora of deep classification models. We show that our approach yields an improved detection rate compared to an existing method, whilst being easy to implement. We perform an extensive empirical analysis on different deep classification models, investigating various state-of-the-art adversarial attacks. Moreover, we observe that our proposed method is better at detecting a combination of adversarial attacks. This work indicates the potential of detecting various adversarial attacks simply by using the class scores of an already trained classification model.      
### 45.Hepatocellular Carcinoma Segmentation fromDigital Subtraction Angiography Videos usingLearnable Temporal Difference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04306.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)in Digital Subtraction Angiography (DSA) videos can assist radiologistsin efficient diagnosis of HCC and accurate evaluation of tumors in clinical practice. Few studies have investigated HCC segmentation from DSAvideos. It shows great challenging due to motion artifacts in filming, ambiguous boundaries of tumor regions and high similarity in imaging toother anatomical tissues. In this paper, we raise the problem of HCCsegmentation in DSA videos, and build our own DSA dataset. We alsopropose a novel segmentation network called DSA-LTDNet, including asegmentation sub-network, a temporal difference learning (TDL) moduleand a liver region segmentation (LRS) sub-network for providing additional guidance. DSA-LTDNet is preferable for learning the latent motioninformation from DSA videos proactively and boosting segmentation performance. All of experiments are conducted on our self-collected dataset.Experimental results show that DSA-LTDNet increases the DICE scoreby nearly 4% compared to the U-Net baseline.      
### 46.Differentially private training of neural networks with Langevin dynamics forcalibrated predictive uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04296.pdf)
>  We show that differentially private stochastic gradient descent (DP-SGD) can yield poorly calibrated, overconfident deep learning models. This represents a serious issue for safety-critical applications, e.g. in medical diagnosis. We highlight and exploit parallels between stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics, a scalable Bayesian inference technique for training deep neural networks, and DP-SGD, in order to train differentially private, Bayesian neural networks with minor adjustments to the original (DP-SGD) algorithm. Our approach provides considerably more reliable uncertainty estimates than DP-SGD, as demonstrated empirically by a reduction in expected calibration error (MNIST $\sim{5}$-fold, Pediatric Pneumonia Dataset $\sim{2}$-fold).      
### 47.Retinal OCT Denoising with Pseudo-Multimodal Fusion Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04288.pdf)
>  Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is a prevalent imaging technique for retina. However, it is affected by multiplicative speckle noise that can degrade the visibility of essential anatomical structures, including blood vessels and tissue layers. Although averaging repeated B-scan frames can significantly improve the signal-to-noise-ratio (SNR), this requires longer acquisition time, which can introduce motion artifacts and cause discomfort to patients. In this study, we propose a learning-based method that exploits information from the single-frame noisy B-scan and a pseudo-modality that is created with the aid of the self-fusion method. The pseudo-modality provides good SNR for layers that are barely perceptible in the noisy B-scan but can over-smooth fine features such as small vessels. By using a fusion network, desired features from each modality can be combined, and the weight of their contribution is adjustable. Evaluated by intensity-based and structural metrics, the result shows that our method can effectively suppress the speckle noise and enhance the contrast between retina layers while the overall structure and small blood vessels are preserved. Compared to the single modality network, our method improves the structural similarity with low noise B-scan from 0.559 +\- 0.033 to 0.576 +\- 0.031.      
### 48.LIFE: A Generalizable Autodidactic Pipeline for 3D OCT-A Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04282.pdf)
>  Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is a non-invasive imaging technique widely used for ophthalmology. It can be extended to OCT angiography (OCT-A), which reveals the retinal vasculature with improved contrast. Recent deep learning algorithms produced promising vascular segmentation results; however, 3D retinal vessel segmentation remains difficult due to the lack of manually annotated training data. We propose a learning-based method that is only supervised by a self-synthesized modality named local intensity fusion (LIF). LIF is a capillary-enhanced volume computed directly from the input OCT-A. We then construct the local intensity fusion encoder (LIFE) to map a given OCT-A volume and its LIF counterpart to a shared latent space. The latent space of LIFE has the same dimensions as the input data and it contains features common to both modalities. By binarizing this latent space, we obtain a volumetric vessel segmentation. Our method is evaluated in a human fovea OCT-A and three zebrafish OCT-A volumes with manual labels. It yields a Dice score of 0.7736 on human data and 0.8594 +/- 0.0275 on zebrafish data, a dramatic improvement over existing unsupervised algorithms.      
### 49.Exploring Dropout Discriminator for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04231.pdf)
>  Adaptation of a classifier to new domains is one of the challenging problems in machine learning. This has been addressed using many deep and non-deep learning based methods. Among the methodologies used, that of adversarial learning is widely applied to solve many deep learning problems along with domain adaptation. These methods are based on a discriminator that ensures source and target distributions are close. However, here we suggest that rather than using a point estimate obtaining by a single discriminator, it would be useful if a distribution based on ensembles of discriminators could be used to bridge this gap. This could be achieved using multiple classifiers or using traditional ensemble methods. In contrast, we suggest that a Monte Carlo dropout based ensemble discriminator could suffice to obtain the distribution based discriminator. Specifically, we propose a curriculum based dropout discriminator that gradually increases the variance of the sample based distribution and the corresponding reverse gradients are used to align the source and target feature representations. An ensemble of discriminators helps the model to learn the data distribution efficiently. It also provides a better gradient estimates to train the feature extractor. The detailed results and thorough ablation analysis show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art results.      
### 50.Deep Learning models for benign and malign Ocular Tumor Growth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04220.pdf)
>  Relatively abundant availability of medical imaging data has provided significant support in the development and testing of Neural Network based image processing methods. Clinicians often face issues in selecting suitable image processing algorithm for medical imaging data. A strategy for the selection of a proper model is presented here. The training data set comprises optical coherence tomography (OCT) and angiography (OCT-A) images of 50 mice eyes with more than 100 days follow-up. The data contains images from treated and untreated mouse eyes. Four deep learning variants are tested for automatic (a) differentiation of tumor region with healthy retinal layer and (b) segmentation of 3D ocular tumor volumes. Exhaustive sensitivity analysis of deep learning models is performed with respect to the number of training and testing images using 8 eight performance indices to study accuracy, reliability/reproducibility, and speed. U-net with UVgg16 is best for malign tumor data set with treatment (having considerable variation) and U-net with Inception backbone for benign tumor data (with minor variation). Loss value and root mean square error (R.M.S.E.) are found most and least sensitive performance indices, respectively. The performance (via indices) is found to be exponentially improving regarding a number of training images. The segmented OCT-Angiography data shows that neovascularization drives the tumor volume. Image analysis shows that photodynamic imaging-assisted tumor treatment protocol is transforming an aggressively growing tumor into a cyst. An empirical expression is obtained to help medical professionals to choose a particular model given the number of images and types of characteristics. We recommend that the presented exercise should be taken as standard practice before employing a particular deep learning model for biomedical image analysis.      
### 51.EasyCom: An Augmented Reality Dataset to Support Algorithms for Easy Communication in Noisy Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04174.pdf)
>  Augmented Reality (AR) as a platform has the potential to facilitate the reduction of the cocktail party effect. Future AR headsets could potentially leverage information from an array of sensors spanning many different modalities. Training and testing signal processing and machine learning algorithms on tasks such as beam-forming and speech enhancement require high quality representative data. To the best of the author's knowledge, as of publication there are no available datasets that contain synchronized egocentric multi-channel audio and video with dynamic movement and conversations in a noisy environment. In this work, we describe, evaluate and release a dataset that contains over 5 hours of multi-modal data useful for training and testing algorithms for the application of improving conversations for an AR glasses wearer. We provide speech intelligibility, quality and signal-to-noise ratio improvement results for a baseline method and show improvements across all tested metrics. The dataset we are releasing contains AR glasses egocentric multi-channel microphone array audio, wide field-of-view RGB video, speech source pose, headset microphone audio, annotated voice activity, speech transcriptions, head bounding boxes, target of speech and source identification labels. We have created and are releasing this dataset to facilitate research in multi-modal AR solutions to the cocktail party problem.      
### 52.Does Form Follow Function? An Empirical Exploration of the Impact of Deep Neural Network Architecture Design on Hardware-Specific Acceleration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04144.pdf)
>  The fine-grained relationship between form and function with respect to deep neural network architecture design and hardware-specific acceleration is one area that is not well studied in the research literature, with form often dictated by accuracy as opposed to hardware function. In this study, a comprehensive empirical exploration is conducted to investigate the impact of deep neural network architecture design on the degree of inference speedup that can be achieved via hardware-specific acceleration. More specifically, we empirically study the impact of a variety of commonly used macro-architecture design patterns across different architectural depths through the lens of OpenVINO microprocessor-specific and GPU-specific acceleration. Experimental results showed that while leveraging hardware-specific acceleration achieved an average inference speed-up of 380%, the degree of inference speed-up varied drastically depending on the macro-architecture design pattern, with the greatest speedup achieved on the depthwise bottleneck convolution design pattern at 550%. Furthermore, we conduct an in-depth exploration of the correlation between FLOPs requirement, level 3 cache efficacy, and network latency with increasing architectural depth and width. Finally, we analyze the inference time reductions using hardware-specific acceleration when compared to native deep learning frameworks across a wide variety of hand-crafted deep convolutional neural network architecture designs as well as ones found via neural architecture search strategies. We found that the DARTS-derived architecture to benefit from the greatest improvement from hardware-specific software acceleration (1200%) while the depthwise bottleneck convolution-based MobileNet-V2 to have the lowest overall inference time of around 2.4 ms.      
### 53.CASPIANET++: A Multidimensional Channel-Spatial Asymmetric Attention Network with Noisy Student Curriculum Learning Paradigm for Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04099.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been used quite successfully for semantic segmentation of brain tumors. However, current CNNs and attention mechanisms are stochastic in nature and neglect the morphological indicators used by radiologists to manually annotate regions of interest. In this paper, we introduce a channel and spatial wise asymmetric attention (CASPIAN) by leveraging the inherent structure of tumors to detect regions of saliency. To demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed layer, we integrate this into a well-established convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture to achieve higher Dice scores, with less GPU resources. Also, we investigate the inclusion of auxiliary multiscale and multiplanar attention branches to increase the spatial context crucial in semantic segmentation tasks. The resulting architecture is the new CASPIANET++, which achieves Dice Scores of 91.19% whole tumor, 87.6% for tumor core and 81.03% for enhancing tumor. Furthermore, driven by the scarcity of brain tumor data, we investigate the Noisy Student method for segmentation tasks. Our new Noisy Student Curriculum Learning paradigm, which infuses noise incrementally to increase the complexity of the training images exposed to the network, further boosts the enhancing tumor region to 81.53%. Additional validation performed on the BraTS2020 data shows that the Noisy Student Curriculum Learning method works well without any additional training or finetuning.      
### 54.Comparison of 2D vs. 3D U-Net Organ Segmentation in abdominal 3D CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04062.pdf)
>  A two-step concept for 3D segmentation on 5 abdominal organs inside volumetric CT images is presented. First each relevant organ's volume of interest is extracted as bounding box. The extracted volume acts as input for a second stage, wherein two compared U-Nets with different architectural dimensions re-construct an organ segmentation as label mask. In this work, we focus on comparing 2D U-Nets vs. 3D U-Net counterparts. Our initial results indicate Dice improvements of about 6\% at maximum. In this study to our surprise, liver and kidneys for instance were tackled significantly better using the faster and GPU-memory saving 2D U-Nets. For other abdominal key organs, there were no significant differences, but we observe highly significant advantages for the 2D U-Net in terms of GPU computational efforts for all organs under study.      
### 55.3D RegNet: Deep Learning Model for COVID-19 Diagnosis on Chest CT Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04055.pdf)
>  In this paper, a 3D-RegNet-based neural network is proposed for diagnosing the physical condition of patients with coronavirus (Covid-19) infection. In the application of clinical medicine, lung CT images are utilized by practitioners to determine whether a patient is infected with coronavirus. However, there are some laybacks can be considered regarding to this diagnostic method, such as time consuming and low accuracy. As a relatively large organ of human body, important spatial features would be lost if the lungs were diagnosed utilizing two dimensional slice image. Therefore, in this paper, a deep learning model with 3D image was designed. The 3D image as input data was comprised of two-dimensional pulmonary image sequence and from which relevant coronavirus infection 3D features were extracted and classified. The results show that the test set of the 3D model, the result: f1 score of 0.8379 and AUC value of 0.8807 have been achieved.      
