# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 6 Jul 2021
### 1.What Makes for Hierarchical Vision Transformer?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02174.pdf)
>  Recent studies show that hierarchical Vision Transformer with interleaved non-overlapped intra window self-attention \&amp; shifted window self-attention is able to achieve state-of-the-art performance in various visual recognition tasks and challenges CNN's dense sliding window paradigm. Most follow-up works try to replace shifted window operation with other kinds of cross window communication while treating self-attention as the de-facto standard for intra window information aggregation. In this short preprint, we question whether self-attention is the only choice for hierarchical Vision Transformer to attain strong performance, and what makes for hierarchical Vision Transformer? We replace self-attention layers in Swin Transformer and Shuffle Transformer with simple linear mapping and keep other components unchanged. The resulting architecture with 25.4M parameters and 4.2G FLOPs achieves 80.5\% Top-1 accuracy, compared to 81.3\% for Swin Transformer with 28.3M parameters and 4.5G FLOPs. We also experiment with other alternatives to self-attention for context aggregation inside each non-overlapped window, which all give similar competitive results under the same architecture. Our study reveals that the \textbf{macro architecture} of Swin model families (i.e., interleaved intra window \&amp; cross window communications), other than specific aggregation layers or specific means of cross window communication, may be more responsible for its strong performance and is the real challenger to CNN's dense sliding window paradigm.      
### 2.On Model Calibration for Long-Tailed Object Detection and Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02170.pdf)
>  Vanilla models for object detection and instance segmentation suffer from the heavy bias toward detecting frequent objects in the long-tailed setting. Existing methods address this issue mostly during training, e.g., by re-sampling or re-weighting. In this paper, we investigate a largely overlooked approach -- post-processing calibration of confidence scores. We propose NorCal, Normalized Calibration for long-tailed object detection and instance segmentation, a simple and straightforward recipe that reweighs the predicted scores of each class by its training sample size. We show that separately handling the background class and normalizing the scores over classes for each proposal are keys to achieving superior performance. On the LVIS dataset, NorCal can effectively improve nearly all the baseline models not only on rare classes but also on common and frequent classes. Finally, we conduct extensive analysis and ablation studies to offer insights into various modeling choices and mechanisms of our approach.      
### 3.Conditional Identity Disentanglement for Differential Face Morph Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02162.pdf)
>  We present the task of differential face morph attack detection using a conditional generative network (cGAN). To determine whether a face image in an identification document, such as a passport, is morphed or not, we propose an algorithm that learns to implicitly disentangle identities from the morphed image conditioned on the trusted reference image using the cGAN. Furthermore, the proposed method can also recover some underlying information about the second subject used in generating the morph. We performed experiments on AMSL face morph, MorGAN, and EMorGAN datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. We also conducted cross-dataset and cross-attack detection experiments. We obtained promising results of 3% BPCER @ 10% APCER on intra-dataset evaluation, which is comparable to existing methods; and 4.6% BPCER @ 10% APCER on cross-dataset evaluation, which outperforms state-of-the-art methods by at least 13.9%.      
### 4.Do Different Tracking Tasks Require Different Appearance Models?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02156.pdf)
>  Tracking objects of interest in a video is one of the most popular and widely applicable problems in computer vision. However, with the years, a Cambrian explosion of use cases and benchmarks has fragmented the problem in a multitude of different experimental setups. As a consequence, the literature has fragmented too, and now the novel approaches proposed by the community are usually specialised to fit only one specific setup. To understand to what extent this specialisation is actually necessary, in this work we present UniTrack, a unified tracking solution to address five different tasks within the same framework. UniTrack consists of a single and task-agnostic appearance model, which can be learned in a supervised or self-supervised fashion, and multiple "heads" to address individual tasks and that do not require training. We show how most tracking tasks can be solved within this framework, and that the same appearance model can be used to obtain performance that is competitive against specialised methods for all the five tasks considered. The framework also allows us to analyse appearance models obtained with the most recent self-supervised methods, thus significantly extending their evaluation and comparison to a larger variety of important problems. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zhongdao/UniTrack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Test-Time Personalization with a Transformer for Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02133.pdf)
>  We propose to personalize a human pose estimator given a set of test images of a person without using any manual annotations. While there is a significant advancement in human pose estimation, it is still very challenging for a model to generalize to different unknown environments and unseen persons. Instead of using a fixed model for every test case, we adapt our pose estimator during test time to exploit person-specific information. We first train our model on diverse data with both a supervised and a self-supervised pose estimation objectives jointly. We use a Transformer model to build a transformation between the self-supervised keypoints and the supervised keypoints. During test time, we personalize and adapt our model by fine-tuning with the self-supervised objective. The pose is then improved by transforming the updated self-supervised keypoints. We experiment with multiple datasets and show significant improvements on pose estimations with our self-supervised personalization.      
### 6.Semi-supervised Learning for Dense Object Detection in Retail Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02114.pdf)
>  Retail scenes usually contain densely packed high number of objects in each image. Standard object detection techniques use fully supervised training methodology. This is highly costly as annotating a large dense retail object detection dataset involves an order of magnitude more effort compared to standard datasets. Hence, we propose semi-supervised learning to effectively use the large amount of unlabeled data available in the retail domain. We adapt a popular self supervised method called noisy student initially proposed for object classification to the task of dense object detection. We show that using unlabeled data with the noisy student training methodology, we can improve the state of the art on precise detection of objects in densely packed retail scenes. We also show that performance of the model increases as you increase the amount of unlabeled data.      
### 7.Recovering the Unbiased Scene Graphs from the Biased Ones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02112.pdf)
>  Given input images, scene graph generation (SGG) aims to produce comprehensive, graphical representations describing visual relationships among salient objects. Recently, more efforts have been paid to the long tail problem in SGG; however, the imbalance in the fraction of missing labels of different classes, or reporting bias, exacerbating the long tail is rarely considered and cannot be solved by the existing debiasing methods. In this paper we show that, due to the missing labels, SGG can be viewed as a "Learning from Positive and Unlabeled data" (PU learning) problem, where the reporting bias can be removed by recovering the unbiased probabilities from the biased ones by utilizing label frequencies, i.e., the per-class fraction of labeled, positive examples in all the positive examples. To obtain accurate label frequency estimates, we propose Dynamic Label Frequency Estimation (DLFE) to take advantage of training-time data augmentation and average over multiple training iterations to introduce more valid examples. Extensive experiments show that DLFE is more effective in estimating label frequencies than a naive variant of the traditional estimate, and DLFE significantly alleviates the long tail and achieves state-of-the-art debiasing performance on the VG dataset. We also show qualitatively that SGG models with DLFE produce prominently more balanced and unbiased scene graphs.      
### 8.Super Resolution in Human Pose Estimation: Pixelated Poses to a Resolution Result?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02108.pdf)
>  The results obtained from state of the art human pose estimation (HPE) models degrade rapidly when evaluating people of a low resolution, but can super resolution (SR) be used to help mitigate this effect? By using various SR approaches we enhanced two low resolution datasets and evaluated the change in performance of both an object and keypoint detector as well as end-to-end HPE results. We remark the following observations. First we find that for low resolution people their keypoint detection performance improved once SR was applied. Second, the keypoint detection performance gained is dependent on the persons initial resolution (segmentation area in pixels) in the original image; keypoint detection performance was improved when SR was applied to people with a small initial segmentation area, but degrades as this becomes larger. To address this we introduced a novel Mask-RCNN approach, utilising a segmentation area threshold to decide when to use SR during the keypoint detection step. This approach achieved the best results for each of our HPE performance metrics.      
### 9.RATCHET: Medical Transformer for Chest X-ray Diagnosis and Reporting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02104.pdf)
>  Chest radiographs are one of the most common diagnostic modalities in clinical routine. It can be done cheaply, requires minimal equipment, and the image can be diagnosed by every radiologists. However, the number of chest radiographs obtained on a daily basis can easily overwhelm the available clinical capacities. We propose RATCHET: RAdiological Text Captioning for Human Examined Thoraces. RATCHET is a CNN-RNN-based medical transformer that is trained end-to-end. It is capable of extracting image features from chest radiographs, and generates medically accurate text reports that fit seamlessly into clinical work flows. The model is evaluated for its natural language generation ability using common metrics from NLP literature, as well as its medically accuracy through a surrogate report classification task. The model is available for download at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.github.com/farrell236/RATCHET" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 10.One-Cycle Pruning: Pruning ConvNets Under a Tight Training Budget  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02086.pdf)
>  Introducing sparsity in a neural network has been an efficient way to reduce its complexity while keeping its performance almost intact. Most of the time, sparsity is introduced using a three-stage pipeline: 1) train the model to convergence, 2) prune the model according to some criterion, 3) fine-tune the pruned model to recover performance. The last two steps are often performed iteratively, leading to reasonable results but also to a time-consuming and complex process. In our work, we propose to get rid of the first step of the pipeline and to combine the two other steps in a single pruning-training cycle, allowing the model to jointly learn for the optimal weights while being pruned. We do this by introducing a novel pruning schedule, named One-Cycle Pruning, which starts pruning from the beginning of the training, and until its very end. Adopting such a schedule not only leads to better performing pruned models but also drastically reduces the training budget required to prune a model. Experiments are conducted on a variety of architectures (VGG-16 and ResNet-18) and datasets (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and Caltech-101), and for relatively high sparsity values (80%, 90%, 95% of weights removed). Our results show that One-Cycle Pruning consistently outperforms commonly used pruning schedules such as One-Shot Pruning, Iterative Pruning and Automated Gradual Pruning, on a fixed training budget.      
### 11.Distance-based Hyperspherical Classification for Multi-source Open-Set Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02067.pdf)
>  Vision systems trained in closed-world scenarios will inevitably fail when presented with new environmental conditions, new data distributions and novel classes at deployment time. How to move towards open-world learning is a long standing research question, but the existing solutions mainly focus on specific aspects of the problem (single domain Open-Set, multi-domain Closed-Set), or propose complex strategies which combine multiple losses and manually tuned hyperparameters. In this work we tackle multi-source Open-Set domain adaptation by introducing HyMOS: a straightforward supervised model that exploits the power of contrastive learning and the properties of its hyperspherical feature space to correctly predict known labels on the target, while rejecting samples belonging to any unknown class. HyMOS includes a tailored data balancing to enforce cross-source alignment and introduces style transfer among the instance transformations of contrastive learning for source-target adaptation, avoiding the risk of negative transfer. Finally a self-training strategy refines the model without the need for handcrafted thresholds. We validate our method over three challenging datasets and provide an extensive quantitative and qualitative experimental analysis. The obtained results show that HyMOS outperforms several Open-Set and universal domain adaptation approaches, defining the new state-of-the-art.      
### 12.6D Object Pose Estimation using Keypoints and Part Affinity Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02057.pdf)
>  The task of 6D object pose estimation from RGB images is an important requirement for autonomous service robots to be able to interact with the real world. In this work, we present a two-step pipeline for estimating the 6 DoF translation and orientation of known objects. Keypoints and Part Affinity Fields (PAFs) are predicted from the input image adopting the OpenPose CNN architecture from human pose estimation. Object poses are then calculated from 2D-3D correspondences between detected and model keypoints via the PnP-RANSAC algorithm. The proposed approach is evaluated on the YCB-Video dataset and achieves accuracy on par with recent methods from the literature. Using PAFs to assemble detected keypoints into object instances proves advantageous over only using heatmaps. Models trained to predict keypoints of a single object class perform significantly better than models trained for several classes.      
### 13.MixStyle Neural Networks for Domain Generalization and Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02053.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) often have poor generalization performance under domain shift. One way to improve domain generalization is to collect diverse source data from multiple relevant domains so that a CNN model is allowed to learn more domain-invariant, and hence generalizable representations. In this work, we address domain generalization with MixStyle, a plug-and-play, parameter-free module that is simply inserted to shallow CNN layers and requires no modification to training objectives. Specifically, MixStyle probabilistically mixes feature statistics between instances. This idea is inspired by the observation that visual domains can often be characterized by image styles which are in turn encapsulated within instance-level feature statistics in shallow CNN layers. Therefore, inserting MixStyle modules in effect synthesizes novel domains albeit in an implicit way. MixStyle is not only simple and flexible, but also versatile -- it can be used for problems whereby unlabeled images are available, such as semi-supervised domain generalization and unsupervised domain adaptation, with a simple extension to mix feature statistics between labeled and pseudo-labeled instances. We demonstrate through extensive experiments that MixStyle can significantly boost the out-of-distribution generalization performance across a wide range of tasks including object recognition, instance retrieval, and reinforcement learning.      
### 14.No-Reference Quality Assessment for Colored Point Cloud and Mesh Based on Natural Scene Statistics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02041.pdf)
>  To improve the viewer's quality of experience and optimize processing systems in computer graphics applications, the 3D quality assessment (3D-QA) has become an important task in the multimedia area. Point cloud and mesh are the two most widely used electronic representation formats of 3D models, the quality of which is quite sensitive to operations like simplification and compression. Therefore, many studies concerning point cloud quality assessment (PCQA) and mesh quality assessment (MQA) have been carried out to measure the visual quality degradations caused by lossy operations. However, a large part of previous studies utilizes full-reference (FR) metrics, which means they may fail to predict the accurate quality level of 3D models when the reference 3D model is not available. Furthermore, limited numbers of 3D-QA metrics are carried out to take color features into consideration, which significantly restricts the effectiveness and scope of application. In many quality assessment studies, natural scene statistics (NSS) have shown a good ability to quantify the distortion of natural scenes to statistical parameters. Therefore, we propose an NSS-based no-reference quality assessment metric for colored 3D models. In this paper, quality-aware features are extracted from the aspects of color and geometry directly from the 3D models. Then the statistic parameters are estimated using different distribution models to describe the characteristic of the 3D models. Our method is mainly validated on the colored point cloud quality assessment database (SJTU-PCQA) and the colored mesh quality assessment database (CMDM). The experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms all the state-of-art NR 3D-QA metrics and obtains an acceptable gap with the state-of-art FR 3D-QA metrics.      
### 15.A topological solution to object segmentation and tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02036.pdf)
>  The world is composed of objects, the ground, and the sky. Visual perception of objects requires solving two fundamental challenges: segmenting visual input into discrete units, and tracking identities of these units despite appearance changes due to object deformation, changing perspective, and dynamic occlusion. Current computer vision approaches to segmentation and tracking that approach human performance all require learning, raising the question: can objects be segmented and tracked without learning? Here, we show that the mathematical structure of light rays reflected from environment surfaces yields a natural representation of persistent surfaces, and this surface representation provides a solution to both the segmentation and tracking problems. We describe how to generate this surface representation from continuous visual input, and demonstrate that our approach can segment and invariantly track objects in cluttered synthetic video despite severe appearance changes, without requiring learning.      
### 16.FFR_FD: Effective and Fast Detection of DeepFakes Based on Feature Point Defects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02016.pdf)
>  The internet is filled with fake face images and videos synthesized by deep generative models. These realistic DeepFakes pose a challenge to determine the authenticity of multimedia content. As countermeasures, artifact-based detection methods suffer from insufficiently fine-grained features that lead to limited detection performance. DNN-based detection methods are not efficient enough, given that a DeepFake can be created easily by mobile apps and DNN-based models require high computational resources. We show that DeepFake faces have fewer feature points than real ones, especially in certain facial regions. Inspired by feature point detector-descriptors to extract discriminative features at the pixel level, we propose the Fused Facial Region_Feature Descriptor (FFR_FD) for effective and fast DeepFake detection. FFR_FD is only a vector extracted from the face, and it can be constructed from any feature point detector-descriptors. We train a random forest classifier with FFR_FD and conduct extensive experiments on six large-scale DeepFake datasets, whose results demonstrate that our method is superior to most state of the art DNN-based models.      
### 17.Fast and Scalable Optimal Transport for Brain Tractograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02010.pdf)
>  We present a new multiscale algorithm for solving regularized Optimal Transport problems on the GPU, with a linear memory footprint. Relying on Sinkhorn divergences which are convex, smooth and positive definite loss functions, this method enables the computation of transport plans between millions of points in a matter of minutes. We show the effectiveness of this approach on brain tractograms modeled either as bundles of fibers or as track density maps. We use the resulting smooth assignments to perform label transfer for atlas-based segmentation of fiber tractograms. The parameters -- blur and reach -- of our method are meaningful, defining the minimum and maximum distance at which two fibers are compared with each other. They can be set according to anatomical knowledge. Furthermore, we also propose to estimate a probabilistic atlas of a population of track density maps as a Wasserstein barycenter. Our CUDA implementation is endowed with a user-friendly PyTorch interface, freely available on the PyPi repository (pip install geomloss) and at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.kernel-operations.io/geomloss" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 18.Improving a neural network model by explanation-guided training for glioma classification based on MRI data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02008.pdf)
>  In recent years, artificial intelligence (AI) systems have come to the forefront. These systems, mostly based on Deep learning (DL), achieve excellent results in areas such as image processing, natural language processing, or speech recognition. Despite the statistically high accuracy of deep learning models, their output is often a decision of "black box". Thus, Interpretability methods have become a popular way to gain insight into the decision-making process of deep learning models. Explanation of a deep learning model is desirable in the medical domain since the experts have to justify their judgments to the patient. In this work, we proposed a method for explanation-guided training that uses a Layer-wise relevance propagation (LRP) technique to force the model to focus only on the relevant part of the image. We experimentally verified our method on a convolutional neural network (CNN) model for low-grade and high-grade glioma classification problems. Our experiments show promising results in a way to use interpretation techniques in the model training process.      
### 19.Gaze Estimation with an Ensemble of Four Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01980.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method for gaze estimation according to face images. We train several gaze estimators adopting four different network architectures, including an architecture designed for gaze estimation (i.e.,iTracker-MHSA) and three originally designed for general computer vision tasks(i.e., BoTNet, HRNet, ResNeSt). Then, we select the best six estimators and ensemble their predictions through a linear combination. The method ranks the first on the leader-board of ETH-XGaze Competition, achieving an average angular error of $3.11^{\circ}$ on the ETH-XGaze test set.      
### 20.SM-SGE: A Self-Supervised Multi-Scale Skeleton Graph Encoding Framework for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01903.pdf)
>  Person re-identification via 3D skeletons is an emerging topic with great potential in security-critical applications. Existing methods typically learn body and motion features from the body-joint trajectory, whereas they lack a systematic way to model body structure and underlying relations of body components beyond the scale of body joints. In this paper, we for the first time propose a Self-supervised Multi-scale Skeleton Graph Encoding (SM-SGE) framework that comprehensively models human body, component relations, and skeleton dynamics from unlabeled skeleton graphs of various scales to learn an effective skeleton representation for person Re-ID. Specifically, we first devise multi-scale skeleton graphs with coarse-to-fine human body partitions, which enables us to model body structure and skeleton dynamics at multiple levels. Second, to mine inherent correlations between body components in skeletal motion, we propose a multi-scale graph relation network to learn structural relations between adjacent body-component nodes and collaborative relations among nodes of different scales, so as to capture more discriminative skeleton graph features. Last, we propose a novel multi-scale skeleton reconstruction mechanism to enable our framework to encode skeleton dynamics and high-level semantics from unlabeled skeleton graphs, which encourages learning a discriminative skeleton representation for person Re-ID. Extensive experiments show that SM-SGE outperforms most state-of-the-art skeleton-based methods. We further demonstrate its effectiveness on 3D skeleton data estimated from large-scale RGB videos. Our codes are open at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Kali-Hac/SM-SGE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Ray-ONet: Efficient 3D Reconstruction From A Single RGB Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01899.pdf)
>  We propose Ray-ONet to reconstruct detailed 3D models from monocular images efficiently. By predicting a series of occupancy probabilities along a ray that is back-projected from a pixel in the camera coordinate, our method Ray-ONet improves the reconstruction accuracy in comparison with Occupancy Networks (ONet), while reducing the network inference complexity to O($N^2$). As a result, Ray-ONet achieves state-of-the-art performance on the ShapeNet benchmark with more than 20$\times$ speed-up at $128^3$ resolution and maintains a similar memory footprint during inference.      
### 22.OPA: Object Placement Assessment Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01889.pdf)
>  Image composition aims to generate realistic composite image by inserting an object from one image into another background image, where the placement (e.g., location, size, occlusion) of inserted object may be unreasonable, which would significantly degrade the quality of the composite image. Although some works attempted to learn object placement to create realistic composite images, they did not focus on assessing the plausibility of object placement. In this paper, we focus on object placement assessment task, which verifies whether a composite image is plausible in terms of the object placement. To accomplish this task, we construct the first Object Placement Assessment (OPA) dataset consisting of composite images and their rationality labels. Dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bcmi/Object-Placement-Assessment-Dataset-OPA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Self-Contrastive Learning with Hard Negative Sampling for Self-supervised Point Cloud Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01886.pdf)
>  Point clouds have attracted increasing attention as a natural representation of 3D shapes. Significant progress has been made in developing methods for point cloud analysis, which often requires costly human annotation as supervision in practice. To address this issue, we propose a novel self-contrastive learning for self-supervised point cloud representation learning, aiming to capture both local geometric patterns and nonlocal semantic primitives based on the nonlocal self-similarity of point clouds. The contributions are two-fold: on the one hand, instead of contrasting among different point clouds as commonly employed in contrastive learning, we exploit self-similar point cloud patches within a single point cloud as positive samples and otherwise negative ones to facilitate the task of contrastive learning. Such self-contrastive learning is well aligned with the emerging paradigm of self-supervised learning for point cloud analysis. On the other hand, we actively learn hard negative samples that are close to positive samples in the representation space for discriminative feature learning, which are sampled conditional on each anchor patch leveraging on the degree of self-similarity. Experimental results show that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on widely used benchmark datasets for self-supervised point cloud segmentation and transfer learning for classification.      
### 24.Faster-LTN: a neuro-symbolic, end-to-end object detection architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01877.pdf)
>  The detection of semantic relationships between objects represented in an image is one of the fundamental challenges in image interpretation. Neural-Symbolic techniques, such as Logic Tensor Networks (LTNs), allow the combination of semantic knowledge representation and reasoning with the ability to efficiently learn from examples typical of neural networks. We here propose Faster-LTN, an object detector composed of a convolutional backbone and an LTN. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to combine both frameworks in an end-to-end training setting. This architecture is trained by optimizing a grounded theory which combines labelled examples with prior knowledge, in the form of logical axioms. Experimental comparisons show competitive performance with respect to the traditional Faster R-CNN architecture.      
### 25.Part2Word: Learning Joint Embedding of Point Clouds and Text by Matching Parts to Words  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01872.pdf)
>  It is important to learn joint embedding for 3D shapes and text in different shape understanding tasks, such as shape-text matching, retrieval, and shape captioning. Current multi-view based methods learn a mapping from multiple rendered views to text. However, these methods can not analyze 3D shapes well due to the self-occlusion and limitation of learning manifolds. To resolve this issue, we propose a method to learn joint embedding of point clouds and text by matching parts from shapes to words from sentences in a common space. Specifically, we first learn segmentation prior to segment point clouds into parts. Then, we map parts and words into an optimized space, where the parts and words can be matched with each other. In the optimized space, we represent a part by aggregating features of all points within the part, while representing each word with its context information, where we train our network to minimize the triplet ranking loss. Moreover, we also introduce cross-modal attention to capture the relationship of part-word in this matching procedure, which enhances joint embedding learning. Our experimental results outperform the state-of-the-art in multi-modal retrieval under the widely used benchmark.      
### 26.Towards Better Adversarial Synthesis of Human Images from Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01869.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an approach that generates multiple 3D human meshes from text. The human shapes are represented by 3D meshes based on the SMPL model. The model's performance is evaluated on the COCO dataset, which contains challenging human shapes and intricate interactions between individuals. The model is able to capture the dynamics of the scene and the interactions between individuals based on text. We further show how using such a shape as input to image synthesis frameworks helps to constrain the network to synthesize humans with realistic human shapes.      
### 27.Exploring Data Pipelines through the Process Lens: a Reference Model forComputer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01824.pdf)
>  Researchers have identified datasets used for training computer vision (CV) models as an important source of hazardous outcomes, and continue to examine popular CV datasets to expose their harms. These works tend to treat datasets as objects, or focus on particular steps in data production pipelines. We argue here that we could further systematize our analysis of harms by examining CV data pipelines through a process-oriented lens that captures the creation, the evolution and use of these datasets. As a step towards cultivating a process-oriented lens, we embarked on an empirical study of CV data pipelines informed by the field of method engineering. We present here a preliminary result: a reference model of CV data pipelines. Besides exploring the questions that this endeavor raises, we discuss how the process lens could support researchers in discovering understudied issues, and could help practitioners in making their processes more transparent.      
### 28.Web-Scale Generic Object Detection at Microsoft Bing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01814.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present Generic Object Detection (GenOD), one of the largest object detection systems deployed to a web-scale general visual search engine that can detect over 900 categories for all Microsoft Bing Visual Search queries in near real-time. It acts as a fundamental visual query understanding service that provides object-centric information and shows gains in multiple production scenarios, improving upon domain-specific models. We discuss the challenges of collecting data, training, deploying and updating such a large-scale object detection model with multiple dependencies. We discuss a data collection pipeline that reduces per-bounding box labeling cost by 81.5% and latency by 61.2% while improving on annotation quality. We show that GenOD can improve weighted average precision by over 20% compared to multiple domain-specific models. We also improve the model update agility by nearly 2 times with the proposed disjoint detector training compared to joint fine-tuning. Finally we demonstrate how GenOD benefits visual search applications by significantly improving object-level search relevance by 54.9% and user engagement by 59.9%.      
### 29.Multi-View Correlation Distillation for Incremental Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01787.pdf)
>  In real applications, new object classes often emerge after the detection model has been trained on a prepared dataset with fixed classes. Due to the storage burden and the privacy of old data, sometimes it is impractical to train the model from scratch with both old and new data. Fine-tuning the old model with only new data will lead to a well-known phenomenon of catastrophic forgetting, which severely degrades the performance of modern object detectors. In this paper, we propose a novel \textbf{M}ulti-\textbf{V}iew \textbf{C}orrelation \textbf{D}istillation (MVCD) based incremental object detection method, which explores the correlations in the feature space of the two-stage object detector (Faster R-CNN). To better transfer the knowledge learned from the old classes and maintain the ability to learn new classes, we design correlation distillation losses from channel-wise, point-wise and instance-wise views to regularize the learning of the incremental model. A new metric named Stability-Plasticity-mAP is proposed to better evaluate both the stability for old classes and the plasticity for new classes in incremental object detection. The extensive experiments conducted on VOC2007 and COCO demonstrate that MVCD can effectively learn to detect objects of new classes and mitigate the problem of catastrophic forgetting.      
### 30.Learning a Model for Inferring a Spatial Road Lane Network Graph using Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01784.pdf)
>  Interconnected road lanes are a central concept for navigating urban roads. Currently, most autonomous vehicles rely on preconstructed lane maps as designing an algorithmic model is difficult. However, the generation and maintenance of such maps is costly and hinders large-scale adoption of autonomous vehicle technology. This paper presents the first self-supervised learning method to train a model to infer a spatially grounded lane-level road network graph based on a dense segmented representation of the road scene generated from onboard sensors. A formal road lane network model is presented and proves that any structured road scene can be represented by a directed acyclic graph of at most depth three while retaining the notion of intersection regions, and that this is the most compressed representation. The formal model is implemented by a hybrid neural and search-based model, utilizing a novel barrier function loss formulation for robust learning from partial labels. Experiments are conducted for all common road intersection layouts. Results show that the model can generalize to new road layouts, unlike previous approaches, demonstrating its potential for real-world application as a practical learning-based lane-level map generator.      
### 31.Depth Quality-Inspired Feature Manipulation for Efficient RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01779.pdf)
>  RGB-D salient object detection (SOD) recently has attracted increasing research interest by benefiting conventional RGB SOD with extra depth information. However, existing RGB-D SOD models often fail to perform well in terms of both efficiency and accuracy, which hinders their potential applications on mobile devices and real-world problems. An underlying challenge is that the model accuracy usually degrades when the model is simplified to have few parameters. To tackle this dilemma and also inspired by the fact that depth quality is a key factor influencing the accuracy, we propose a novel depth quality-inspired feature manipulation (DQFM) process, which is efficient itself and can serve as a gating mechanism for filtering depth features to greatly boost the accuracy. DQFM resorts to the alignment of low-level RGB and depth features, as well as holistic attention of the depth stream to explicitly control and enhance cross-modal fusion. We embed DQFM to obtain an efficient light-weight model called DFM-Net, where we also design a tailored depth backbone and a two-stage decoder for further efficiency consideration. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our DFM-Net achieves state-of-the-art accuracy when comparing to existing non-efficient models, and meanwhile runs at 140ms on CPU (2.2$\times$ faster than the prior fastest efficient model) with only $\sim$8.5Mb model size (14.9% of the prior lightest). Our code will be made publicly available.      
### 32.Continual Contrastive Self-supervised Learning for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01776.pdf)
>  For artificial learning systems, continual learning over time from a stream of data is essential. The burgeoning studies on supervised continual learning have achieved great progress, while the study of catastrophic forgetting in unsupervised learning is still blank. Among unsupervised learning methods, self-supervise learning method shows tremendous potential on visual representation without any labeled data at scale. To improve the visual representation of self-supervised learning, larger and more varied data is needed. In the real world, unlabeled data is generated at all times. This circumstance provides a huge advantage for the learning of the self-supervised method. However, in the current paradigm, packing previous data and current data together and training it again is a waste of time and resources. Thus, a continual self-supervised learning method is badly needed. In this paper, we make the first attempt to implement the continual contrastive self-supervised learning by proposing a rehearsal method, which keeps a few exemplars from the previous data. Instead of directly combining saved exemplars with the current data set for training, we leverage self-supervised knowledge distillation to transfer contrastive information among previous data to the current network by mimicking similarity score distribution inferred by the old network over a set of saved exemplars. Moreover, we build an extra sample queue to assist the network to distinguish between previous and current data and prevent mutual interference while learning their own feature representation. Experimental results show that our method performs well on CIFAR100 and ImageNet-Sub. Compared with self-supervised baselines, which learning tasks one by one without taking any technique, we improve the image classification top-1 accuracy by 1.60% on CIFAR100 and 2.86% on ImageNet-Sub under 10 incremental steps setting.      
### 33.Bag of Instances Aggregation Boosts Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01691.pdf)
>  Recent advances in self-supervised learning have experienced remarkable progress, especially for contrastive learning based methods, which regard each image as well as its augmentations as an individual class and try to distinguish them from all other images. However, due to the large quantity of exemplars, this kind of pretext task intrinsically suffers from slow convergence and is hard for optimization. This is especially true for small scale models, which we find the performance drops dramatically comparing with its supervised counterpart. In this paper, we propose a simple but effective distillation strategy for unsupervised learning. The highlight is that the relationship among similar samples counts and can be seamlessly transferred to the student to boost the performance. Our method, termed as BINGO, which is short for \textbf{B}ag of \textbf{I}nsta\textbf{N}ces a\textbf{G}gregati\textbf{O}n, targets at transferring the relationship learned by the teacher to the student. Here bag of instances indicates a set of similar samples constructed by the teacher and are grouped within a bag, and the goal of distillation is to aggregate compact representations over the student with respect to instances in a bag. Notably, BINGO achieves new state-of-the-art performance on small scale models, \emph{i.e.}, 65.5% and 68.9% top-1 accuracies with linear evaluation on ImageNet, using ResNet-18 and ResNet-34 as backbone, respectively, surpassing baselines (52.5% and 57.4% top-1 accuracies) by a significant margin. The code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/haohang96/bingo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 34.Cognitive Visual Commonsense Reasoning Using Dynamic Working Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01671.pdf)
>  Visual Commonsense Reasoning (VCR) predicts an answer with corresponding rationale, given a question-image input. VCR is a recently introduced visual scene understanding task with a wide range of applications, including visual question answering, automated vehicle systems, and clinical decision support. Previous approaches to solving the VCR task generally rely on pre-training or exploiting memory with long dependency relationship encoded models. However, these approaches suffer from a lack of generalizability and prior knowledge. In this paper we propose a dynamic working memory based cognitive VCR network, which stores accumulated commonsense between sentences to provide prior knowledge for inference. Extensive experiments show that the proposed model yields significant improvements over existing methods on the benchmark VCR dataset. Moreover, the proposed model provides intuitive interpretation into visual commonsense reasoning. A Python implementation of our mechanism is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tanjatang/DMVCR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 35.Deep Edge-Aware Interactive Colorization against Color-Bleeding Effects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01619.pdf)
>  Deep image colorization networks often suffer from the color-bleeding artifact, a problematic color spreading near the boundaries between adjacent objects. The color-bleeding artifacts debase the reality of generated outputs, limiting the applicability of colorization models on a practical application. Although previous approaches have tackled this problem in an automatic manner, they often generate imperfect outputs because their enhancements are available only in limited cases, such as having a high contrast of gray-scale value in an input image. Instead, leveraging user interactions would be a promising approach, since it can help the edge correction in the desired regions. In this paper, we propose a novel edge-enhancing framework for the regions of interest, by utilizing user scribbles that indicate where to enhance. Our method requires minimal user effort to obtain satisfactory enhancements. Experimental results on various datasets demonstrate that our interactive approach has outstanding performance in improving color-bleeding artifacts against the existing baselines.      
### 36.Similarity-Aware Fusion Network for 3D Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01579.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a similarity-aware fusion network (SAFNet) to adaptively fuse 2D images and 3D point clouds for 3D semantic segmentation. Existing fusion-based methods achieve remarkable performances by integrating information from multiple modalities. However, they heavily rely on the correspondence between 2D pixels and 3D points by projection and can only perform the information fusion in a fixed manner, and thus their performances cannot be easily migrated to a more realistic scenario where the collected data often lack strict pair-wise features for prediction. To address this, we employ a late fusion strategy where we first learn the geometric and contextual similarities between the input and back-projected (from 2D pixels) point clouds and utilize them to guide the fusion of two modalities to further exploit complementary information. Specifically, we employ a geometric similarity module (GSM) to directly compare the spatial coordinate distributions of pair-wise 3D neighborhoods, and a contextual similarity module (CSM) to aggregate and compare spatial contextual information of corresponding central points. The two proposed modules can effectively measure how much image features can help predictions, enabling the network to adaptively adjust the contributions of two modalities to the final prediction of each point. Experimental results on the ScanNetV2 benchmark demonstrate that SAFNet significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art fusion-based approaches across various data integrity.      
### 37.Direct Measure Matching for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01558.pdf)
>  Traditional crowd counting approaches usually use Gaussian assumption to generate pseudo density ground truth, which suffers from problems like inaccurate estimation of the Gaussian kernel sizes. In this paper, we propose a new measure-based counting approach to regress the predicted density maps to the scattered point-annotated ground truth directly. First, crowd counting is formulated as a measure matching problem. Second, we derive a semi-balanced form of Sinkhorn divergence, based on which a Sinkhorn counting loss is designed for measure matching. Third, we propose a self-supervised mechanism by devising a Sinkhorn scale consistency loss to resist scale changes. Finally, an efficient optimization method is provided to minimize the overall loss function. Extensive experiments on four challenging crowd counting datasets namely ShanghaiTech, UCF-QNRF, JHU++, and NWPU have validated the proposed method.      
### 38.SSPNet: Scale Selection Pyramid Network for Tiny Person Detection from UAV Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01548.pdf)
>  With the increasing demand for search and rescue, it is highly demanded to detect objects of interest in large-scale images captured by Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs), which is quite challenging due to extremely small scales of objects. Most existing methods employed Feature Pyramid Network (FPN) to enrich shallow layers' features by combing deep layers' contextual features. However, under the limitation of the inconsistency in gradient computation across different layers, the shallow layers in FPN are not fully exploited to detect tiny objects. In this paper, we propose a Scale Selection Pyramid network (SSPNet) for tiny person detection, which consists of three components: Context Attention Module (CAM), Scale Enhancement Module (SEM), and Scale Selection Module (SSM). CAM takes account of context information to produce hierarchical attention heatmaps. SEM highlights features of specific scales at different layers, leading the detector to focus on objects of specific scales instead of vast backgrounds. SSM exploits adjacent layers' relationships to fulfill suitable feature sharing between deep layers and shallow layers, thereby avoiding the inconsistency in gradient computation across different layers. Besides, we propose a Weighted Negative Sampling (WNS) strategy to guide the detector to select more representative samples. Experiments on the TinyPerson benchmark show that our method outperforms other state-of-the-art (SOTA) detectors.      
### 39.Robust End-to-End Offline Chinese Handwriting Text Page Spotter with Text Kernel  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01547.pdf)
>  Offline Chinese handwriting text recognition is a long-standing research topic in the field of pattern recognition. In previous studies, text detection and recognition are separated, which leads to the fact that text recognition is highly dependent on the detection results. In this paper, we propose a robust end-to-end Chinese text page spotter framework. It unifies text detection and text recognition with text kernel that integrates global text feature information to optimize the recognition from multiple scales, which reduces the dependence of detection and improves the robustness of the system. Our method achieves state-of-the-art results on the CASIA-HWDB2.0-2.2 dataset and ICDAR-2013 competition dataset. Without any language model, the correct rates are 99.12% and 94.27% for line-level recognition, and 99.03% and 94.20% for page-level recognition, respectively.      
### 40.Scene-aware Learning Network for Radar Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01469.pdf)
>  Object detection is essential to safe autonomous or assisted driving. Previous works usually utilize RGB images or LiDAR point clouds to identify and localize multiple objects in self-driving. However, cameras tend to fail in bad driving conditions, e.g. bad weather or weak lighting, while LiDAR scanners are too expensive to get widely deployed in commercial applications. Radar has been drawing more and more attention due to its robustness and low cost. In this paper, we propose a scene-aware radar learning framework for accurate and robust object detection. First, the learning framework contains branches conditioning on the scene category of the radar sequence; with each branch optimized for a specific type of scene. Second, three different 3D autoencoder-based architectures are proposed for radar object detection and ensemble learning is performed over the different architectures to further boost the final performance. Third, we propose novel scene-aware sequence mix augmentation (SceneMix) and scene-specific post-processing to generate more robust detection results. In the ROD2021 Challenge, we achieved a final result of average precision of 75.0% and an average recall of 81.0%. Moreover, in the parking lot scene, our framework ranks first with an average precision of 97.8% and an average recall of 98.6%, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our framework.      
### 41.Drone Detection Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01435.pdf)
>  In image processing, it is essential to detect and track air targets, especially UAVs. In this paper, we detect the flying drone using a fisheye camera. In the field of diagnosis and classification of objects, there are always many problems that prevent the development of rapid and significant progress in this area. During the previous decades, a couple of advanced classification methods such as convolutional neural networks and support vector machines have been developed. In this study, the drone was detected using three methods of classification of convolutional neural network (CNN), support vector machine (SVM), and nearest neighbor. The outcomes show that CNN, SVM, and nearest neighbor have total accuracy of 95%, 88%, and 80%, respectively. Compared with other classifiers with the same experimental conditions, the accuracy of the convolutional neural network classifier is satisfactory.      
### 42.Learning from scarce information: using synthetic data to classify Roman fine ware pottery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01401.pdf)
>  In this article we consider a version of the challenging problem of learning from datasets whose size is too limited to allow generalisation beyond the training set. To address the challenge we propose to use a transfer learning approach whereby the model is first trained on a synthetic dataset replicating features of the original objects. In this study the objects were smartphone photographs of near-complete Roman terra sigillata pottery vessels from the collection of the Museum of London. Taking the replicated features from published profile drawings of pottery forms allowed the integration of expert knowledge into the process through our synthetic data generator. After this first initial training the model was fine-tuned with data from photographs of real vessels. We show, through exhaustive experiments across several popular deep learning architectures, different test priors, and considering the impact of the photograph viewpoint and excessive damage to the vessels, that the proposed hybrid approach enables the creation of classifiers with appropriate generalisation performance. This performance is significantly better than that of classifiers trained exclusively on the original data which shows the promise of the approach to alleviate the fundamental issue of learning from small datasets.      
### 43.Demiguise Attack: Crafting Invisible Semantic Adversarial Perturbations with Perceptual Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01396.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been found to be vulnerable to adversarial examples. Adversarial examples are malicious images with visually imperceptible perturbations. While these carefully crafted perturbations restricted with tight $\Lp$ norm bounds are small, they are still easily perceivable by humans. These perturbations also have limited success rates when attacking black-box models or models with defenses like noise reduction filters. To solve these problems, we propose Demiguise Attack, crafting ``unrestricted'' perturbations with Perceptual Similarity. Specifically, we can create powerful and photorealistic adversarial examples by manipulating semantic information based on Perceptual Similarity. Adversarial examples we generate are friendly to the human visual system (HVS), although the perturbations are of large magnitudes. We extend widely-used attacks with our approach, enhancing adversarial effectiveness impressively while contributing to imperceptibility. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method not only outperforms various state-of-the-art attacks in terms of fooling rate, transferability, and robustness against defenses but can also improve attacks effectively. In addition, we also notice that our implementation can simulate illumination and contrast changes that occur in real-world scenarios, which will contribute to exposing the blind spots of DNNs.      
### 44.Efficient Vision Transformers via Fine-Grained Manifold Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01378.pdf)
>  This paper studies the model compression problem of vision transformers. Benefit from the self-attention module, transformer architectures have shown extraordinary performance on many computer vision tasks. Although the network performance is boosted, transformers are often required more computational resources including memory usage and the inference complexity. Compared with the existing knowledge distillation approaches, we propose to excavate useful information from the teacher transformer through the relationship between images and the divided patches. We then explore an efficient fine-grained manifold distillation approach that simultaneously calculates cross-images, cross-patch, and random-selected manifolds in teacher and student models. Experimental results conducted on several benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of the proposed algorithm for distilling portable transformer models with higher performance. For example, our approach achieves 75.06% Top-1 accuracy on the ImageNet-1k dataset for training a DeiT-Tiny model, which outperforms other ViT distillation methods.      
### 45.Sensor-invariant Fingerprint ROI Segmentation Using Recurrent Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01361.pdf)
>  A fingerprint region of interest (roi) segmentation algorithm is designed to separate the foreground fingerprint from the background noise. All the learning based state-of-the-art fingerprint roi segmentation algorithms proposed in the literature are benchmarked on scenarios when both training and testing databases consist of fingerprint images acquired from the same sensors. However, when testing is conducted on a different sensor, the segmentation performance obtained is often unsatisfactory. As a result, every time a new fingerprint sensor is used for testing, the fingerprint roi segmentation model needs to be re-trained with the fingerprint image acquired from the new sensor and its corresponding manually marked ROI. Manually marking fingerprint ROI is expensive because firstly, it is time consuming and more importantly, requires domain expertise. In order to save the human effort in generating annotations required by state-of-the-art, we propose a fingerprint roi segmentation model which aligns the features of fingerprint images derived from the unseen sensor such that they are similar to the ones obtained from the fingerprints whose ground truth roi masks are available for training. Specifically, we propose a recurrent adversarial learning based feature alignment network that helps the fingerprint roi segmentation model to learn sensor-invariant features. Consequently, sensor-invariant features learnt by the proposed roi segmentation model help it to achieve improved segmentation performance on fingerprints acquired from the new sensor. Experiments on publicly available FVC databases demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed work.      
### 46.SPI-GAN: Towards Single-Pixel Imaging through Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01330.pdf)
>  Single-pixel imaging is a novel imaging scheme that has gained popularity due to its huge computational gain and potential for a low-cost alternative to imaging beyond the visible spectrum. The traditional reconstruction methods struggle to produce a clear recovery when one limits the number of illumination patterns from a spatial light modulator. As a remedy, several deep-learning-based solutions have been proposed which lack good generalization ability due to the architectural setup and loss functions. In this paper, we propose a generative adversarial network-based reconstruction framework for single-pixel imaging, referred to as SPI-GAN. Our method can reconstruct images with 17.92 dB PSNR and 0.487 SSIM, even if the sampling ratio drops to 5%. This facilitates much faster reconstruction making our method suitable for single-pixel video. Furthermore, our ResNet-like architecture for the generator leads to useful representation learning that allows us to reconstruct completely unseen objects. The experimental results demonstrate that SPI-GAN achieves significant performance gain, e.g. near 3dB PSNR gain, over the current state-of-the-art method.      
### 47.Learning Hierarchical Graph Neural Networks for Image Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01319.pdf)
>  We propose a hierarchical graph neural network (GNN) model that learns how to cluster a set of images into an unknown number of identities using a training set of images annotated with labels belonging to a disjoint set of identities. Our hierarchical GNN uses a novel approach to merge connected components predicted at each level of the hierarchy to form a new graph at the next level. Unlike fully unsupervised hierarchical clustering, the choice of grouping and complexity criteria stems naturally from supervision in the training set. The resulting method, Hi-LANDER, achieves an average of 54% improvement in F-score and 8% increase in Normalized Mutual Information (NMI) relative to current GNN-based clustering algorithms. Additionally, state-of-the-art GNN-based methods rely on separate models to predict linkage probabilities and node densities as intermediate steps of the clustering process. In contrast, our unified framework achieves a seven-fold decrease in computational cost. We release our training and inference code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dmlc/dgl/tree/master/examples/pytorch/hilander" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.A Novel Disaster Image Dataset and Characteristics Analysis using Attention Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01284.pdf)
>  The advancement of deep learning technology has enabled us to develop systems that outperform any other classification technique. However, success of any empirical system depends on the quality and diversity of the data available to train the proposed system. In this research, we have carefully accumulated a relatively challenging dataset that contains images collected from various sources for three different disasters: fire, water and land. Besides this, we have also collected images for various damaged infrastructure due to natural or man made calamities and damaged human due to war or accidents. We have also accumulated image data for a class named non-damage that contains images with no such disaster or sign of damage in them. There are 13,720 manually annotated images in this dataset, each image is annotated by three individuals. We are also providing discriminating image class information annotated manually with bounding box for a set of 200 test images. Images are collected from different news portals, social media, and standard datasets made available by other researchers. A three layer attention model (TLAM) is trained and average five fold validation accuracy of 95.88% is achieved. Moreover, on the 200 unseen test images this accuracy is 96.48%. We also generate and compare attention maps for these test images to determine the characteristics of the trained attention model. Our dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://niloy193.github.io/Disaster-Dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 49.Visual Time Series Forecasting: An Image-driven Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01273.pdf)
>  In this work, we address time-series forecasting as a computer vision task. We capture input data as an image and train a model to produce the subsequent image. This approach results in predicting distributions as opposed to pointwise values. To assess the robustness and quality of our approach, we examine various datasets and multiple evaluation metrics. Our experiments show that our forecasting tool is effective for cyclic data but somewhat less for irregular data such as stock prices. Importantly, when using image-based evaluation metrics, we find our method to outperform various baselines, including ARIMA, and a numerical variation of our deep learning approach.      
### 50.Data Uncertainty Guided Noise-aware Preprocessing Of Fingerprints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01248.pdf)
>  The effectiveness of fingerprint-based authentication systems on good quality fingerprints is established long back. However, the performance of standard fingerprint matching systems on noisy and poor quality fingerprints is far from satisfactory. Towards this, we propose a data uncertainty-based framework which enables the state-of-the-art fingerprint preprocessing models to quantify noise present in the input image and identify fingerprint regions with background noise and poor ridge clarity. Quantification of noise helps the model two folds: firstly, it makes the objective function adaptive to the noise in a particular input fingerprint and consequently, helps to achieve robust performance on noisy and distorted fingerprint regions. Secondly, it provides a noise variance map which indicates noisy pixels in the input fingerprint image. The predicted noise variance map enables the end-users to understand erroneous predictions due to noise present in the input image. Extensive experimental evaluation on 13 publicly available fingerprint databases, across different architectural choices and two fingerprint processing tasks demonstrate effectiveness of the proposed framework.      
### 51.Are standard Object Segmentation models sufficient for Learning Affordance Segmentation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02095.pdf)
>  Affordances are the possibilities of actions the environment offers to the individual. Ordinary objects (hammer, knife) usually have many affordances (grasping, pounding, cutting), and detecting these allow artificial agents to understand what are their possibilities in the environment, with obvious application in Robotics. Proposed benchmarks and state-of-the-art prediction models for supervised affordance segmentation are usually modifications of popular object segmentation models such as Mask R-CNN. We observe that theoretically, these popular object segmentation methods should be sufficient for detecting affordances masks. So we ask the question: is it necessary to tailor new architectures to the problem of learning affordances? We show that applying the out-of-the-box Mask R-CNN to the problem of affordances segmentation outperforms the current state-of-the-art. We conclude that the problem of supervised affordance segmentation is included in the problem of object segmentation and argue that better benchmarks for affordance learning should include action capacities.      
### 52.Understanding the Security of Deepfake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02045.pdf)
>  Deepfakes pose growing challenges to the trust of information on the Internet. Therefore,detecting deepfakes has attracted increasing attentions from both academia and industry. State-of-the-art deepfake detection methods consist of two key components, i.e., face extractor and face classifier, which extract the face region in an image and classify it to be real/fake, respectively. Existing studies mainly focused on improving the detection performance in non-adversarial settings, leaving security of deepfake detection in adversarial settings largely unexplored. In this work, we aim to bridge the gap. In particular, we perform a systematic measurement study to understand the security of the state-of-the-art deepfake detection methods in adversarial settings. We use two large-scale public deepfakes data sources including FaceForensics++ and Facebook Deepfake Detection Challenge, where the deepfakes are fake face images; and we train state-of-the-art deepfake detection methods. These detection methods can achieve 0.94--0.99 accuracies in non-adversarial settings on these datasets. However, our measurement results uncover multiple security limitations of the deepfake detection methods in adversarial settings. First, we find that an attacker can evade a face extractor, i.e., the face extractor fails to extract the correct face regions, via adding small Gaussian noise to its deepfake images. Second, we find that a face classifier trained using deepfakes generated by one method cannot detect deepfakes generated by another method, i.e., an attacker can evade detection via generating deepfakes using a new method. Third, we find that an attacker can leverage backdoor attacks developed by the adversarial machine learning community to evade a face classifier. Our results highlight that deepfake detection should consider the adversarial nature of the problem.      
### 53.Quality Metrics for Transparent Machine Learning With and Without Humans In the Loop Are Not Correlated  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02033.pdf)
>  The field explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) has brought about an arsenal of methods to render Machine Learning (ML) predictions more interpretable. But how useful explanations provided by transparent ML methods are for humans remains difficult to assess. Here we investigate the quality of interpretable computer vision algorithms using techniques from psychophysics. In crowdsourced annotation tasks we study the impact of different interpretability approaches on annotation accuracy and task time. We compare these quality metrics with classical XAI, automated quality metrics. Our results demonstrate that psychophysical experiments allow for robust quality assessment of transparency in machine learning. Interestingly the quality metrics computed without humans in the loop did not provide a consistent ranking of interpretability methods nor were they representative for how useful an explanation was for humans. These findings highlight the potential of methods from classical psychophysics for modern machine learning applications. We hope that our results provide convincing arguments for evaluating interpretability in its natural habitat, human-ML interaction, if the goal is to obtain an authentic assessment of interpretability.      
### 54.FINT: Field-aware INTeraction Neural Network For CTR Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01999.pdf)
>  As a critical component for online advertising and marking, click-through rate (CTR) prediction has draw lots of attentions from both industry and academia field. Recently, the deep learning has become the mainstream methodological choice for CTR. Despite of sustainable efforts have been made, existing approaches still pose several challenges. On the one hand, high-order interaction between the features is under-explored. On the other hand, high-order interactions may neglect the semantic information from the low-order fields. In this paper, we proposed a novel prediction method, named FINT, that employs the Field-aware INTeraction layer which captures high-order feature interactions while retaining the low-order field information. To empirically investigate the effectiveness and robustness of the FINT, we perform extensive experiments on the three realistic databases: KDD2012, Criteo and Avazu. The obtained results demonstrate that the FINT can significantly improve the performance compared to the existing methods, without increasing the amount of computation required. Moreover, the proposed method brought about 2.72\% increase to the advertising revenue of a big online video app through A/B testing. To better promote the research in CTR field, we will release our code as well as reference implementation of those baseline models in the final version.      
### 55.UCSL : A Machine Learning Expectation-Maximization framework for Unsupervised Clustering driven by Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01988.pdf)
>  Subtype Discovery consists in finding interpretable and consistent sub-parts of a dataset, which are also relevant to a certain supervised task. From a mathematical point of view, this can be defined as a clustering task driven by supervised learning in order to uncover subgroups in line with the supervised prediction. In this paper, we propose a general Expectation-Maximization ensemble framework entitled UCSL (Unsupervised Clustering driven by Supervised Learning). Our method is generic, it can integrate any clustering method and can be driven by both binary classification and regression. We propose to construct a non-linear model by merging multiple linear estimators, one per cluster. Each hyperplane is estimated so that it correctly discriminates - or predict - only one cluster. We use SVC or Logistic Regression for classification and SVR for regression. Furthermore, to perform cluster analysis within a more suitable space, we also propose a dimension-reduction algorithm that projects the data onto an orthonormal space relevant to the supervised task. We analyze the robustness and generalization capability of our algorithm using synthetic and experimental datasets. In particular, we validate its ability to identify suitable consistent sub-types by conducting a psychiatric-diseases cluster analysis with known ground-truth labels. The gain of the proposed method over previous state-of-the-art techniques is about +1.9 points in terms of balanced accuracy. Finally, we make codes and examples available in a scikit-learn-compatible Python package at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/neurospin-projects/2021_rlouiset_ucsl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 56.On The Distribution of Penultimate Activations of Classification Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01900.pdf)
>  This paper studies probability distributions ofpenultimate activations of classification networks.We show that, when a classification network istrained with the cross-entropy loss, its final classi-fication layer forms aGenerative-Discriminativepairwith a generative classifier based on a specificdistribution of penultimate activations. More im-portantly, the distribution is parameterized by theweights of the final fully-connected layer, and canbe considered as a generative model that synthe-sizes the penultimate activations without feedinginput data. We empirically demonstrate that thisgenerative model enables stable knowledge dis-tillation in the presence of domain shift, and cantransfer knowledge from a classifier to variationalautoencoders and generative adversarial networksfor class-conditional image generation.      
### 57.GraspME -- Grasp Manifold Estimator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01836.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a Grasp Manifold Estimator (GraspME) to detect grasp affordances for objects directly in 2D camera images. To perform manipulation tasks autonomously it is crucial for robots to have such graspability models of the surrounding objects. Grasp manifolds have the advantage of providing continuously infinitely many grasps, which is not the case when using other grasp representations such as predefined grasp points. For instance, this property can be leveraged in motion optimization to define goal sets as implicit surface constraints in the robot configuration space. In this work, we restrict ourselves to the case of estimating possible end-effector positions directly from 2D camera images. To this extend, we define grasp manifolds via a set of key points and locate them in images using a Mask R-CNN backbone. Using learned features allows generalizing to different view angles, with potentially noisy images, and objects that were not part of the training set. We rely on simulation data only and perform experiments on simple and complex objects, including unseen ones. Our framework achieves an inference speed of 11.5 fps on a GPU, an average precision for keypoint estimation of 94.5% and a mean pixel distance of only 1.29. This shows that we can estimate the objects very well via bounding boxes and segmentation masks as well as approximate the correct grasp manifold's keypoint coordinates.      
### 58.A contextual analysis of multi-layer perceptron models in classifying hand-written digits and letters: limited resources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01782.pdf)
>  Classifying hand-written digits and letters has taken a big leap with the introduction of ConvNets. However, on very constrained hardware the time necessary to train such models would be high. Our main contribution is twofold. First, we extensively test an end-to-end vanilla neural network (MLP) approach in pure numpy without any pre-processing or feature extraction done beforehand. Second, we show that basic data mining operations can significantly improve the performance of the models in terms of computational time, without sacrificing much accuracy. We illustrate our claims on a simpler variant of the Extended MNIST dataset, called Balanced EMNIST dataset. Our experiments show that, without any data mining, we get increased generalization performance when using more hidden layers and regularization techniques, the best model achieving 84.83% accuracy on a test dataset. Using dimensionality reduction done by PCA we were able to increase that figure to 85.08% with only 10% of the original feature space, reducing the memory size needed by 64%. Finally, adding methods to remove possibly harmful training samples like deviation from the mean helped us to still achieve over 84% test accuracy but with only 32.8% of the original memory size for the training set. This compares favorably to the majority of literature results obtained through similar architectures. Although this approach gets outshined by state-of-the-art models, it does scale to some (AlexNet, VGGNet) trained on 50% of the same dataset.      
### 59.Controllable cardiac synthesis via disentangled anatomy arithmetic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01748.pdf)
>  Acquiring annotated data at scale with rare diseases or conditions remains a challenge. It would be extremely useful to have a method that controllably synthesizes images that can correct such underrepresentation. Assuming a proper latent representation, the idea of a "latent vector arithmetic" could offer the means of achieving such synthesis. A proper representation must encode the fidelity of the input data, preserve invariance and equivariance, and permit arithmetic operations. Motivated by the ability to disentangle images into spatial anatomy (tensor) factors and accompanying imaging (vector) representations, we propose a framework termed "disentangled anatomy arithmetic", in which a generative model learns to combine anatomical factors of different input images such that when they are re-entangled with the desired imaging modality (e.g. MRI), plausible new cardiac images are created with the target characteristics. To encourage a realistic combination of anatomy factors after the arithmetic step, we propose a localized noise injection network that precedes the generator. Our model is used to generate realistic images, pathology labels, and segmentation masks that are used to augment the existing datasets and subsequently improve post-hoc classification and segmentation tasks. Code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vios-s/DAA-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 60.COVID-VIT: Classification of COVID-19 from CT chest images based on vision transformer models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01682.pdf)
>  This paper is responding to the MIA-COV19 challenge to classify COVID from non-COVID based on CT lung images. The COVID-19 virus has devastated the world in the last eighteen months by infecting more than 182 million people and causing over 3.9 million deaths. The overarching aim is to predict the diagnosis of the COVID-19 virus from chest radiographs, through the development of explainable vision transformer deep learning techniques, leading to population screening in a more rapid, accurate and transparent way. In this competition, there are 5381 three-dimensional (3D) datasets in total, including 1552 for training, 374 for evaluation and 3455 for testing. While most of the data volumes are in axial view, there are a number of subjects' data are in coronal or sagittal views with 1 or 2 slices are in axial view. Hence, while 3D data based classification is investigated, in this competition, 2D images remains the main focus. Two deep learning methods are studied, which are vision transformer (ViT) based on attention models and DenseNet that is built upon conventional convolutional neural network (CNN). Initial evaluation results based on validation datasets whereby the ground truth is known indicate that ViT performs better than DenseNet with F1 scores being 0.76 and 0.72 respectively. Codes are available at GitHub at &lt;https://github/xiaohong1/COVID-ViT&gt;.      
### 61.COVID-Rate: An Automated Framework for Segmentation of COVID-19 Lesions from Chest CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01527.pdf)
>  Novel Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is a highly contagious respiratory infection that has had devastating effects on the world. Recently, new COVID-19 variants are emerging making the situation more challenging and threatening. Evaluation and quantification of COVID-19 lung abnormalities based on chest Computed Tomography (CT) scans can help determining the disease stage, efficiently allocating limited healthcare resources, and making informed treatment decisions. During pandemic era, however, visual assessment and quantification of COVID-19 lung lesions by expert radiologists become expensive and prone to error, which raises an urgent quest to develop practical autonomous solutions. In this context, first, the paper introduces an open access COVID-19 CT segmentation dataset containing 433 CT images from 82 patients that have been annotated by an expert radiologist. Second, a Deep Neural Network (DNN)-based framework is proposed, referred to as the COVID-Rate, that autonomously segments lung abnormalities associated with COVID-19 from chest CT scans. Performance of the proposed COVID-Rate framework is evaluated through several experiments based on the introduced and external datasets. The results show a dice score of 0:802 and specificity and sensitivity of 0:997 and 0:832, respectively. Furthermore, the results indicate that the COVID-Rate model can efficiently segment COVID-19 lesions in both 2D CT images and whole lung volumes. Results on the external dataset illustrate generalization capabilities of the COVID-Rate model to CT images obtained from a different scanner.      
### 62.Pulmonary Vessel Segmentation based on Orthogonal Fused U-Net++ of Chest CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01502.pdf)
>  Pulmonary vessel segmentation is important for clinical diagnosis of pulmonary diseases, while is also challenging due to the complicated structure. In this work, we present an effective framework and refinement process of pulmonary vessel segmentation from chest computed tomographic (CT) images. The key to our approach is a 2.5D segmentation network applied from three orthogonal axes, which presents a robust and fully automated pulmonary vessel segmentation result with lower network complexity and memory usage compared to 3D networks. The slice radius is introduced to convolve the adjacent information of the center slice and the multi-planar fusion optimizes the presentation of intra- and inter- slice features. Besides, the tree-like structure of the pulmonary vessel is extracted in the post-processing process, which is used for segmentation refining and pruning. In the evaluation experiments, three fusion methods are tested and the most promising one is compared with the state-of-the-art 2D and 3D structures on 300 cases of lung images randomly selected from LIDC dataset. Our method outperforms other network structures by a large margin and achieves by far the highest average DICE score of 0.9272 and precision of 0.9310, as per our knowledge from the pulmonary vessel segmentation models available in the literature.      
### 63.Custom Deep Neural Network for 3D Covid Chest CT-scan Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01456.pdf)
>  3D CT-scan base on chest is one of the controversial topisc of the researcher nowadays. There are many tasks to diagnose the disease through CT-scan images, include Covid19. In this paper, we propose a method that custom and combine Deep Neural Network to classify the series of 3D CT-scans chest images. In our methods, we experiment with 2 backbones is DenseNet 121 and ResNet 101. In this proposal, we separate the experiment into 2 tasks, one is for 2 backbones combination of ResNet and DenseNet, one is for DenseNet backbones combination.      
### 64.Imaging dynamics beneath turbid media via parallelized single-photon detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01422.pdf)
>  Noninvasive optical imaging through dynamic scattering media has numerous important biomedical applications but still remains a challenging task. While standard methods aim to form images based upon optical absorption or fluorescent emission, it is also well-established that the temporal correlation of scattered coherent light diffuses through tissue much like optical intensity. Few works to date, however, have aimed to experimentally measure and process such data to demonstrate deep-tissue imaging of decorrelation dynamics. In this work, we take advantage of a single-photon avalanche diode (SPAD) array camera, with over one thousand detectors, to simultaneously detect speckle fluctuations at the single-photon level from 12 different phantom tissue surface locations delivered via a customized fiber bundle array. We then apply a deep neural network to convert the acquired single-photon measurements into video of scattering dynamics beneath rapidly decorrelating liquid tissue phantoms. We demonstrate the ability to record video of dynamic events occurring 5-8 mm beneath a decorrelating tissue phantom with mm-scale resolution and at a 2.5-10 Hz frame rate.      
### 65.WisdomNet: Prognosis of COVID-19 with Slender Prospect of False Negative Cases and Vaticinating the Probability of Maturation to ARDS using Posteroanterior Chest X-Rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01392.pdf)
>  Coronavirus is a large virus family consisting of diverse viruses, some of which disseminate among mammals and others cause sickness among humans. COVID-19 is highly contagious and is rapidly spreading, rendering its early diagnosis of preeminent status. Researchers, medical specialists and organizations all over the globe have been working tirelessly to combat this virus and help in its containment. In this paper, a novel neural network called WisdomNet has been proposed, for the diagnosis of COVID-19 using chest X-rays. The WisdomNet uses the concept of Wisdom of Crowds as its founding idea. It is a two-layered convolutional Neural Network (CNN), which takes chest x-ray images as input. Both layers of the proposed neural network consist of a number of neural networks each. The dataset used for this study consists of chest x-ray images of COVID-19 positive patients, compiled and shared by Dr. Cohen on GitHub, and the chest x-ray images of healthy lungs and lungs affected by viral and bacterial pneumonia were obtained from Kaggle. The network not only pinpoints the presence of COVID-19, but also gives the probability of the disease maturing into Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS). Thus, predicting the progression of the disease in the COVID-19 positive patients. The network also slender the occurrences of false negative cases by employing a high threshold value, thus aids in curbing the spread of the disease and gives an accuracy of 100% for successfully predicting COVID-19 among the chest x-rays of patients affected with COVID-19, bacterial and viral pneumonia.      
### 66.CInC Flow: Characterizable Invertible 3x3 Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01358.pdf)
>  Normalizing flows are an essential alternative to GANs for generative modelling, which can be optimized directly on the maximum likelihood of the dataset. They also allow computation of the exact latent vector corresponding to an image since they are composed of invertible transformations. However, the requirement of invertibility of the transformation prevents standard and expressive neural network models such as CNNs from being directly used. Emergent convolutions were proposed to construct an invertible 3$\times$3 CNN layer using a pair of masked CNN layers, making them inefficient. We study conditions such that 3$\times$3 CNNs are invertible, allowing them to construct expressive normalizing flows. We derive necessary and sufficient conditions on a padded CNN for it to be invertible. Our conditions for invertibility are simple, can easily be maintained during the training process. Since we require only a single CNN layer for every effective invertible CNN layer, our approach is more efficient than emerging convolutions. We also proposed a coupling method, Quad-coupling. We benchmark our approach and show similar performance results to emergent convolutions while improving the model's efficiency.      
### 67.EAR-NET: Error Attention Refining Network For Retinal Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01351.pdf)
>  The precise detection of blood vessels in retinal images is crucial to the early diagnosis of the retinal vascular diseases, e.g., diabetic, hypertensive and solar retinopathies. Existing works often fail in predicting the abnormal areas, e.g, sudden brighter and darker areas and are inclined to predict a pixel to background due to the significant class imbalance, leading to high accuracy and specificity while low sensitivity. To that end, we propose a novel error attention refining network (ERA-Net) that is capable of learning and predicting the potential false predictions in a two-stage manner for effective retinal vessel segmentation. The proposed ERA-Net in the refine stage drives the model to focus on and refine the segmentation errors produced in the initial training stage. To achieve this, unlike most previous attention approaches that run in an unsupervised manner, we introduce a novel error attention mechanism which considers the differences between the ground truth and the initial segmentation masks as the ground truth to supervise the attention map learning. Experimental results demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on two common retinal blood vessel datasets.      
### 68.Split-and-Bridge: Adaptable Class Incremental Learning within a Single Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01349.pdf)
>  Continual learning has been a major problem in the deep learning community, where the main challenge is how to effectively learn a series of newly arriving tasks without forgetting the knowledge of previous tasks. Initiated by Learning without Forgetting (LwF), many of the existing works report that knowledge distillation is effective to preserve the previous knowledge, and hence they commonly use a soft label for the old task, namely a knowledge distillation (KD) loss, together with a class label for the new task, namely a cross entropy (CE) loss, to form a composite loss for a single neural network. However, this approach suffers from learning the knowledge by a CE loss as a KD loss often more strongly influences the objective function when they are in a competitive situation within a single network. This could be a critical problem particularly in a class incremental scenario, where the knowledge across tasks as well as within the new task, both of which can only be acquired by a CE loss, is essentially learned due to the existence of a unified classifier. In this paper, we propose a novel continual learning method, called Split-and-Bridge, which can successfully address the above problem by partially splitting a neural network into two partitions for training the new task separated from the old task and re-connecting them for learning the knowledge across tasks. In our thorough experimental analysis, our Split-and-Bridge method outperforms the state-of-the-art competitors in KD-based continual learning.      
### 69.CT Image Harmonization for Enhancing Radiomics Studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01337.pdf)
>  While remarkable advances have been made in Computed Tomography (CT), capturing CT images with non-standardized protocols causes low reproducibility regarding radiomic features, forming a barrier on CT image analysis in a large scale. RadiomicGAN is developed to effectively mitigate the discrepancy caused by using non-standard reconstruction kernels. RadiomicGAN consists of hybrid neural blocks including both pre-trained and trainable layers adopted to learn radiomic feature distributions efficiently. A novel training approach, called Dynamic Window-based Training, has been developed to smoothly transform the pre-trained model to the medical imaging domain. Model performance evaluated using 1401 radiomic features show that RadiomicGAN clearly outperforms the state-of-art image standardization models.      
### 70.VinDr-RibCXR: A Benchmark Dataset for Automatic Segmentation and Labeling of Individual Ribs on Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01327.pdf)
>  We introduce a new benchmark dataset, namely VinDr-RibCXR, for automatic segmentation and labeling of individual ribs from chest X-ray (CXR) scans. The VinDr-RibCXR contains 245 CXRs with corresponding ground truth annotations provided by human experts. A set of state-of-the-art segmentation models are trained on 196 images from the VinDr-RibCXR to segment and label 20 individual ribs. Our best performing model obtains a Dice score of 0.834 (95% CI, 0.810--0.853) on an independent test set of 49 images. Our study, therefore, serves as a proof of concept and baseline performance for future research.      
### 71.A study of CNN capacity applied to Left Venticle Segmentation in Cardiac MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01318.pdf)
>  CNN (Convolutional Neural Network) models have been successfully used for segmentation of the left ventricle (LV) in cardiac MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging), providing clinical <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://measurements.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> practice, two questions arise with deployment of CNNs: 1) when is it better to use a shallow model instead of a deeper one? 2) how the size of a dataset might change the network performance? We propose a framework to answer them, by experimenting with deep and shallow versions of three U-Net families, trained from scratch in six subsets varying from 100 to 10,000 images, different network sizes, learning rates and regularization values. 1620 models were evaluated using 5-foldcross-validation by loss and DICE. The results indicate that: sample size affects performance more than architecture or hyper-parameters; in small samples the performance is more sensitive to hyper-parameters than architecture; the performance difference between shallow and deeper networks is not the same across families.      
