# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 5 Jul 2021
### 1.HandVoxNet++: 3D Hand Shape and Pose Estimation using Voxel-Based Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01205.pdf)
>  3D hand shape and pose estimation from a single depth map is a new and challenging computer vision problem with many applications. Existing methods addressing it directly regress hand meshes via 2D convolutional neural networks, which leads to artifacts due to perspective distortions in the images. To address the limitations of the existing methods, we develop HandVoxNet++, i.e., a voxel-based deep network with 3D and graph convolutions trained in a fully supervised manner. The input to our network is a 3D voxelized-depth-map-based on the truncated signed distance function (TSDF). HandVoxNet++ relies on two hand shape representations. The first one is the 3D voxelized grid of hand shape, which does not preserve the mesh topology and which is the most accurate representation. The second representation is the hand surface that preserves the mesh topology. We combine the advantages of both representations by aligning the hand surface to the voxelized hand shape either with a new neural Graph-Convolutions-based Mesh Registration (GCN-MeshReg) or classical segment-wise Non-Rigid Gravitational Approach (NRGA++) which does not rely on training data. In extensive evaluations on three public benchmarks, i.e., SynHand5M, depth-based HANDS19 challenge and HO-3D, the proposed HandVoxNet++ achieves the state-of-the-art performance. In this journal extension of our previous approach presented at CVPR 2020, we gain 41.09% and 13.7% higher shape alignment accuracy on SynHand5M and HANDS19 datasets, respectively. Our method is ranked first on the HANDS19 challenge dataset (Task 1: Depth-Based 3D Hand Pose Estimation) at the moment of the submission of our results to the portal in August 2020.      
### 2.How Incomplete is Contrastive Learning? AnInter-intra Variant Dual Representation Method forSelf-supervised Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01194.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning applied to self-supervised representation learning has seen a resurgence in deep models. In this paper, we find that existing contrastive learning based solutions for self-supervised video recognition focus on inter-variance encoding but ignore the intra-variance existing in clips within the same video. We thus propose to learn dual representations for each clip which (\romannumeral 1) encode intra-variance through a shuffle-rank pretext task; (\romannumeral 2) encode inter-variance through a temporal coherent contrastive loss. Experiment results show that our method plays an essential role in balancing inter and intra variances and brings consistent performance gains on multiple backbones and contrastive learning frameworks. Integrated with SimCLR and pretrained on Kinetics-400, our method achieves $\textbf{82.0\%}$ and $\textbf{51.2\%}$ downstream classification accuracy on UCF101 and HMDB51 test sets respectively and $\textbf{46.1\%}$ video retrieval accuracy on UCF101, outperforming both pretext-task based and contrastive learning based counterparts.      
### 3.NTIRE 2021 Multi-modal Aerial View Object Classification Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01189.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce the first Challenge on Multi-modal Aerial View Object Classification (MAVOC) in conjunction with the NTIRE 2021 workshop at CVPR. This challenge is composed of two different tracks using EO andSAR imagery. Both EO and SAR sensors possess different advantages and drawbacks. The purpose of this competition is to analyze how to use both sets of sensory information in complementary ways. We discuss the top methods submitted for this competition and evaluate their results on our blind test set. Our challenge results show significant improvement of more than 15% accuracy from our current baselines for each track of the competition      
### 4.Visual Relationship Forecasting in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01181.pdf)
>  Real-world scenarios often require the anticipation of object interactions in unknown future, which would assist the decision-making process of both humans and agents. To meet this challenge, we present a new task named Visual Relationship Forecasting (VRF) in videos to explore the prediction of visual relationships in a reasoning manner. Specifically, given a subject-object pair with H existing frames, VRF aims to predict their future interactions for the next T frames without visual evidence. To evaluate the VRF task, we introduce two video datasets named VRF-AG and VRF-VidOR, with a series of spatio-temporally localized visual relation annotations in a video. These two datasets densely annotate 13 and 35 visual relationships in 1923 and 13447 video clips, respectively. In addition, we present a novel Graph Convolutional Transformer (GCT) framework, which captures both object-level and frame-level dependencies by spatio-temporal Graph Convolution Network and Transformer. Experimental results on both VRF-AG and VRF-VidOR datasets demonstrate that GCT outperforms the state-of-the-art sequence modelling methods on visual relationship forecasting.      
### 5.Audio-visual Attentive Fusion for Continuous Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01175.pdf)
>  We propose an audio-visual spatial-temporal deep neural network with: (1) a visual block containing a pretrained 2D-CNN followed by a temporal convolutional network (TCN); (2) an aural block containing several parallel TCNs; and (3) a leader-follower attentive fusion block combining the audio-visual information. The TCN with large history coverage enables our model to exploit spatial-temporal information within a much larger window length (i.e., 300) than that from the baseline and state-of-the-art methods (i.e., 36 or 48). The fusion block emphasizes the visual modality while exploits the noisy aural modality using the inter-modality attention mechanism. To make full use of the data and alleviate over-fitting, cross-validation is carried out on the training and validation set. The concordance correlation coefficient (CCC) centering is used to merge the results from each fold. On the development set, the achieved CCC is 0.410 for valence and 0.661 for arousal, which significantly outperforms the baseline method with the corresponding CCC of 0.210 and 0.230 for valence and arousal, respectively. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sucv/ABAW2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.A Survey on Deep Learning Technique for Video Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01153.pdf)
>  Video segmentation, i.e., partitioning video frames into multiple segments or objects, plays a critical role in a broad range of practical applications, e.g., visual effect assistance in movie, scene understanding in autonomous driving, and virtual background creation in video conferencing, to name a few. Recently, due to the renaissance of connectionism in computer vision, there has been an influx of numerous deep learning based approaches that have been dedicated to video segmentation and delivered compelling performance. In this survey, we comprehensively review two basic lines of research in this area, i.e., generic object segmentation (of unknown categories) in videos and video semantic segmentation, by introducing their respective task settings, background concepts, perceived need, development history, and main challenges. We also provide a detailed overview of representative literature on both methods and datasets. Additionally, we present quantitative performance comparisons of the reviewed methods on benchmark datasets. At last, we point out a set of unsolved open issues in this field, and suggest possible opportunities for further research.      
### 7.Collaborative Visual Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01151.pdf)
>  As a fundamental problem for Artificial Intelligence, multi-agent system (MAS) is making rapid progress, mainly driven by multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) techniques. However, previous MARL methods largely focused on grid-world like or game environments; MAS in visually rich environments has remained less explored. To narrow this gap and emphasize the crucial role of perception in MAS, we propose a large-scale 3D dataset, CollaVN, for multi-agent visual navigation (MAVN). In CollaVN, multiple agents are entailed to cooperatively navigate across photo-realistic environments to reach target locations. Diverse MAVN variants are explored to make our problem more general. Moreover, a memory-augmented communication framework is proposed. Each agent is equipped with a private, external memory to persistently store communication information. This allows agents to make better use of their past communication information, enabling more efficient collaboration and robust long-term planning. In our experiments, several baselines and evaluation metrics are designed. We also empirically verify the efficacy of our proposed MARL approach across different MAVN task settings.      
### 8.Ensemble of Loss Functions to Improve Generalizability of Deep Metric Learning methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01130.pdf)
>  Deep Metric Learning (DML) learns a non-linear semantic embedding from input data that brings similar pairs together while keeps dissimilar data away from each other. To this end, many different methods are proposed in the last decade with promising results in various applications. The success of a DML algorithm greatly depends on its loss function. However, no loss function is perfect, and it deals only with some aspects of an optimal similarity embedding. Besides, the generalizability of the DML on unseen categories during the test stage is an important matter that is not considered by existing loss functions. To address these challenges, we propose novel approaches to combine different losses built on top of a shared deep feature extractor. The proposed ensemble of losses enforces the deep model to extract features that are consistent with all losses. Since the selected losses are diverse and each emphasizes different aspects of an optimal semantic embedding, our effective combining methods yield a considerable improvement over any individual loss and generalize well on unseen categories. Here, there is no limitation in choosing loss functions, and our methods can work with any set of existing ones. Besides, they can optimize each loss function as well as its weight in an end-to-end paradigm with no need to adjust any hyper-parameter. We evaluate our methods on some popular datasets from the machine vision domain in conventional Zero-Shot-Learning (ZSL) settings. The results are very encouraging and show that our methods outperform all baseline losses by a large margin in all datasets.      
### 9.Comparison of end-to-end neural network architectures and data augmentation methods for automatic infant motility assessment using wearable sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01086.pdf)
>  Infant motility assessment using intelligent wearables is a promising new approach for assessment of infant neurophysiological development, and where efficient signal analysis plays a central role. This study investigates the use of different end-to-end neural network architectures for processing infant motility data from wearable sensors. We focus on the performance and computational burden of alternative sensor encoder and time-series modelling modules and their combinations. In addition, we explore the benefits of data augmentation methods in ideal and non-ideal recording conditions. The experiments are conducted using a data-set of multi-sensor movement recordings from 7-month-old infants, as captured by a recently proposed smart jumpsuit for infant motility assessment. Our results indicate that the choice of the encoder module has a major impact on classifier performance. For sensor encoders, the best performance was obtained with parallel 2-dimensional convolutions for intra-sensor channel fusion with shared weights for all sensors. The results also indicate that a relatively compact feature representation is obtainable for within-sensor feature extraction without a drastic loss to classifier performance. Comparison of time-series models revealed that feed-forward dilated convolutions with residual and skip connections outperformed all RNN-based models in performance, training time, and training stability. The experiments also indicate that data augmentation improves model robustness in simulated packet loss or sensor dropout scenarios. In particular, signal- and sensor-dropout-based augmentation strategies provided considerable boosts to performance without negatively affecting the baseline performance. Overall the results provide tangible suggestions on how to optimize end-to-end neural network training for multi-channel movement sensor data.      
### 10.Cooperative Training and Latent Space Data Augmentation for Robust Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01079.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based segmentation methods are vulnerable to unforeseen data distribution shifts during deployment, e.g. change of image appearances or contrasts caused by different scanners, unexpected imaging artifacts etc. In this paper, we present a cooperative framework for training image segmentation models and a latent space augmentation method for generating hard examples. Both contributions improve model generalization and robustness with limited data. The cooperative training framework consists of a fast-thinking network (FTN) and a slow-thinking network (STN). The FTN learns decoupled image features and shape features for image reconstruction and segmentation tasks. The STN learns shape priors for segmentation correction and refinement. The two networks are trained in a cooperative manner. The latent space augmentation generates challenging examples for training by masking the decoupled latent space in both channel-wise and spatial-wise manners. We performed extensive experiments on public cardiac imaging datasets. Using only 10 subjects from a single site for training, we demonstrated improved cross-site segmentation performance and increased robustness against various unforeseen imaging artifacts compared to strong baseline methods. Particularly, cooperative training with latent space data augmentation yields 15% improvement in terms of average Dice score when compared to a standard training method.      
### 11.Magnification-independent Histopathological Image Classification with Similarity-based Multi-scale Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01063.pdf)
>  The classification of histopathological images is of great value in both cancer diagnosis and pathological studies. However, multiple reasons, such as variations caused by magnification factors and class imbalance, make it a challenging task where conventional methods that learn from image-label datasets perform unsatisfactorily in many cases. We observe that tumours of the same class often share common morphological patterns. To exploit this fact, we propose an approach that learns similarity-based multi-scale embeddings (SMSE) for magnification-independent histopathological image classification. In particular, a pair loss and a triplet loss are leveraged to learn similarity-based embeddings from image pairs or image triplets. The learned embeddings provide accurate measurements of similarities between images, which are regarded as a more effective form of representation for histopathological morphology than normal image features. Furthermore, in order to ensure the generated models are magnification-independent, images acquired at different magnification factors are simultaneously fed to networks during training for learning multi-scale embeddings. In addition to the SMSE, to eliminate the impact of class imbalance, instead of using the hard sample mining strategy that intuitively discards some easy samples, we introduce a new reinforced focal loss to simultaneously punish hard misclassified samples while suppressing easy well-classified samples. Experimental results show that the SMSE improves the performance for histopathological image classification tasks for both breast and liver cancers by a large margin compared to previous methods. In particular, the SMSE achieves the best performance on the BreakHis benchmark with an improvement ranging from 5% to 18% compared to previous methods using traditional features.      
### 12.Optical Braille Recognition using Circular Hough Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00993.pdf)
>  Braille has empowered visually challenged community to read and write. But at the same time, it has created a gap due to widespread inability of non-Braille users to understand Braille scripts. This gap has fuelled researchers to propose Optical Braille Recognition techniques to convert Braille documents to natural language. The main motivation of this work is to cement the communication gap at academic institutions by translating personal documents of blind students. This has been accomplished by proposing an economical and effective technique which digitizes Braille documents using a smartphone camera. For any given Braille image, a dot detection mechanism based on Hough transform is proposed which is invariant to skewness, noise and other deterrents. The detected dots are then clustered into Braille cells using distance-based clustering algorithm. In succession, the standard physical parameters of each Braille cells are estimated for feature extraction and classification as natural language characters. The comprehensive evaluation of this technique on the proposed dataset of 54 Braille scripts has yielded into accuracy of 98.71%.      
### 13.Sub-millisecond Video Synchronization of Multiple Android Smartphones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00987.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of building an affordable easy-to-setup synchronized multi-view camera system, which is in demand for many Computer Vision and Robotics applications in high-dynamic environments. In our work, we propose a solution for this problem - a publicly-available Android application for synchronized video recording on multiple smartphones with sub-millisecond accuracy. We present a generalized mathematical model of timestamping for Android smartphones and prove its applicability on 47 different physical devices. Also, we estimate the time drift parameter for those smartphones, which is less than 1.2 millisecond per minute for most of the considered devices, that makes smartphones' camera system a worthy analog for professional multi-view systems. Finally, we demonstrate Android-app performance on the camera system built from Android smartphones quantitatively, showing less than 300 microseconds synchronization error, and qualitatively - on panorama stitching task.      
### 14.Unsupervised Single Image Super-resolution Under Complex Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00986.pdf)
>  While the researches on single image super-resolution (SISR), especially equipped with deep neural networks (DNNs), have achieved tremendous successes recently, they still suffer from two major limitations. Firstly, the real image degradation is usually unknown and highly variant from one to another, making it extremely hard to train a single model to handle the general SISR task. Secondly, most of current methods mainly focus on the downsampling process of the degradation, but ignore or underestimate the inevitable noise contamination. For example, the commonly-used independent and identically distributed (i.i.d.) Gaussian noise distribution always largely deviates from the real image noise (e.g., camera sensor noise), which limits their performance in real scenarios. To address these issues, this paper proposes a model-based unsupervised SISR method to deal with the general SISR task with unknown degradations. Instead of the traditional i.i.d. Gaussian noise assumption, a novel patch-based non-i.i.d. noise modeling method is proposed to fit the complex real noise. Besides, a deep generator parameterized by a DNN is used to map the latent variable to the high-resolution image, and the conventional hyper-Laplacian prior is also elaborately embedded into such generator to further constrain the image gradients. Finally, a Monte Carlo EM algorithm is designed to solve our model, which provides a general inference framework to update the image generator both w.r.t. the latent variable and the network parameters. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method can evidently surpass the current state of the art (SotA) method (about 1dB PSNR) not only with a slighter model (0.34M vs. 2.40M) but also faster speed.      
### 15.Ultrasound Video Transformers for Cardiac Ejection Fraction Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00977.pdf)
>  Cardiac ultrasound imaging is used to diagnose various heart diseases. Common analysis pipelines involve manual processing of the video frames by expert clinicians. This suffers from intra- and inter-observer variability. We propose a novel approach to ultrasound video analysis using a transformer architecture based on a Residual Auto-Encoder Network and a BERT model adapted for token classification. This enables videos of any length to be processed. We apply our model to the task of End-Systolic (ES) and End-Diastolic (ED) frame detection and the automated computation of the left ventricular ejection fraction. We achieve an average frame distance of 3.36 frames for the ES and 7.17 frames for the ED on videos of arbitrary length. Our end-to-end learnable approach can estimate the ejection fraction with a MAE of 5.95 and $R^2$ of 0.52 in 0.15s per video, showing that segmentation is not the only way to predict ejection fraction. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HReynaud/UVT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Parasitic Egg Detection and Classification in Low-cost Microscopic Images using Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00968.pdf)
>  Intestinal parasitic infection leads to several morbidities to humans worldwide, especially in tropical countries. The traditional diagnosis usually relies on manual analysis from microscopic images which is prone to human error due to morphological similarity of different parasitic eggs and abundance of impurities in a sample. Many studies have developed automatic systems for parasite egg detection to reduce human workload. However, they work with high quality microscopes, which unfortunately remain unaffordable in some rural areas. Our work thus exploits a benefit of a low-cost USB microscope. This instrument however provides poor quality of images due to limitation of magnification (10x), causing difficulty in parasite detection and species classification. In this paper, we propose a CNN-based technique using transfer learning strategy to enhance the efficiency of automatic parasite classification in poor-quality microscopic images. The patch-based technique with sliding window is employed to search for location of the eggs. Two networks, AlexNet and ResNet50, are examined with a trade-off between architecture size and classification performance. The results show that our proposed framework outperforms the state-of-the-art object recognition methods. Our system combined with final decision from an expert may improve the real faecal examination with low-cost microscopes.      
### 17.Evaluating the Usefulness of Unsupervised monitoring in Cultural Heritage Monuments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00964.pdf)
>  In this paper, we scrutinize the effectiveness of various clustering techniques, investigating their applicability in Cultural Heritage monitoring applications. In the context of this paper, we detect the level of decomposition and corrosion on the walls of Saint Nicholas fort in Rhodes utilizing hyperspectral images. A total of 6 different clustering approaches have been evaluated over a set of 14 different orthorectified hyperspectral images. Experimental setup in this study involves K-means, Spectral, Meanshift, DBSCAN, Birch and Optics algorithms. For each of these techniques we evaluate its performance by the use of performance metrics such as Calinski-Harabasz, Davies-Bouldin indexes and Silhouette value. In this approach, we evaluate the outcomes of the clustering methods by comparing them with a set of annotated images which denotes the ground truth regarding the decomposition and/or corrosion area of the original images. The results depict that a few clustering techniques applied on the given dataset succeeded decent accuracy, precision, recall and f1 scores. Eventually, it was observed that the deterioration was detected quite accurately.      
### 18.Mixed Supervision Learning for Whole Slide Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00934.pdf)
>  Weak supervision learning on classification labels has demonstrated high performance in various tasks. When a few pixel-level fine annotations are also affordable, it is natural to leverage both of the pixel-level (e.g., segmentation) and image level (e.g., classification) annotation to further improve the performance. In computational pathology, however, such weak or mixed supervision learning is still a challenging task, since the high resolution of whole slide images makes it unattainable to perform end-to-end training of classification models. An alternative approach is to analyze such data by patch-base model training, i.e., using self-supervised learning to generate pixel-level pseudo labels for patches. However, such methods usually have model drifting issues, i.e., hard to converge, because the noise accumulates during the self-training process. To handle those problems, we propose a mixed supervision learning framework for super high-resolution images to effectively utilize their various labels (e.g., sufficient image-level coarse annotations and a few pixel-level fine labels). During the patch training stage, this framework can make use of coarse image-level labels to refine self-supervised learning and generate high-quality pixel-level pseudo labels. A comprehensive strategy is proposed to suppress pixel-level false positives and false negatives. Three real-world datasets with very large number of images (i.e., more than 10,000 whole slide images) and various types of labels are used to evaluate the effectiveness of mixed supervision learning. We reduced the false positive rate by around one third compared to state of the art while retaining 100\% sensitivity, in the task of image-level classification.      
### 19.MSN: Multi-Style Network for Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00932.pdf)
>  It is essential but challenging to predict future trajectories of various agents in complex scenes. Whether it is internal personality factors of agents, interactive behavior of the neighborhood, or the influence of surroundings, it will have an impact on their future behavior styles. It means that even for the same physical type of agents, there are huge differences in their behavior preferences. Although recent works have made significant progress in studying agents' multi-modal plannings, most of them still apply the same prediction strategy to all agents, which makes them difficult to fully show the multiple styles of vast agents. In this paper, we propose the Multi-Style Network (MSN) to focus on this problem by divide agents' preference styles into several hidden behavior categories adaptively and train each category's prediction network separately, therefore giving agents all styles of predictions simultaneously. Experiments demonstrate that our deterministic MSN-D and generative MSN-G outperform many recent state-of-the-art methods and show better multi-style characteristics in the visualized results.      
### 20.HO-3D_v3: Improving the Accuracy of Hand-Object Annotations of the HO-3D Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00887.pdf)
>  HO-3D is a dataset providing image sequences of various hand-object interaction scenarios annotated with the 3D pose of the hand and the object and was originally introduced as HO-3D_v2. The annotations were obtained automatically using an optimization method, 'HOnnotate', introduced in the original paper. HO-3D_v3 provides more accurate annotations for both the hand and object poses thus resulting in better estimates of contact regions between the hand and the object. In this report, we elaborate on the improvements to the HOnnotate method and provide evaluations to compare the accuracy of HO-3D_v2 and HO-3D_v3. HO-3D_v3 results in 4mm higher accuracy compared to HO-3D_v2 for hand poses while exhibiting higher contact regions with the object surface.      
### 21.Cross-view Geo-localization with Evolving Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00842.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the problem of cross-view geo-localization, which estimates the geospatial location of a street view image by matching it with a database of geo-tagged aerial images. The cross-view matching task is extremely challenging due to drastic appearance and geometry differences across views. Unlike existing methods that predominantly fall back on CNN, here we devise a novel evolving geo-localization Transformer (EgoTR) that utilizes the properties of self-attention in Transformer to model global dependencies, thus significantly decreasing visual ambiguities in cross-view geo-localization. We also exploit the positional encoding of Transformer to help the EgoTR understand and correspond geometric configurations between ground and aerial images. Compared to state-of-the-art methods that impose strong assumption on geometry knowledge, the EgoTR flexibly learns the positional embeddings through the training objective and hence becomes more practical in many real-world scenarios. Although Transformer is well suited to our task, its vanilla self-attention mechanism independently interacts within image patches in each layer, which overlooks correlations between layers. Instead, this paper propose a simple yet effective self-cross attention mechanism to improve the quality of learned representations. The self-cross attention models global dependencies between adjacent layers, which relates between image patches while modeling how features evolve in the previous layer. As a result, the proposed self-cross attention leads to more stable training, improves the generalization ability and encourages representations to keep evolving as the network goes deeper. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our EgoTR performs favorably against state-of-the-art methods on standard, fine-grained and cross-dataset cross-view geo-localization tasks.      
### 22.1st Place Solutions for UG2+ Challenge 2021 -- (Semi-)supervised Face detection in the low light condition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00818.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we briefly introduce the solution of our team "TAL-ai" for (Semi-) supervised Face detection in the low light condition in UG2+ Challenge in CVPR 2021. By conducting several experiments with popular image enhancement methods and image transfer methods, we pulled the low light image and the normal image to a more closer domain. And it is observed that using these data to training can achieve better performance. We also adapt several popular object detection frameworks, e.g., DetectoRS, Cascade-RCNN, and large backbone like Swin-transformer. Finally, we ensemble several models which achieved mAP 74.89 on the testing set, ranking 1st on the final leaderboard.      
### 23.MMF: Multi-Task Multi-Structure Fusion for Hierarchical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00808.pdf)
>  Hierarchical classification is significant for complex tasks by providing multi-granular predictions and encouraging better mistakes. As the label structure decides its performance, many existing approaches attempt to construct an excellent label structure for promoting the classification results. In this paper, we consider that different label structures provide a variety of prior knowledge for category recognition, thus fusing them is helpful to achieve better hierarchical classification results. Furthermore, we propose a multi-task multi-structure fusion model to integrate different label structures. It contains two kinds of branches: one is the traditional classification branch to classify the common subclasses, the other is responsible for identifying the heterogeneous superclasses defined by different label structures. Besides the effect of multiple label structures, we also explore the architecture of the deep model for better hierachical classification and adjust the hierarchical evaluation metrics for multiple label structures. Experimental results on CIFAR100 and Car196 show that our method obtains significantly better results than using a flat classifier or a hierarchical classifier with any single label structure.      
### 24.Polarized Self-Attention: Towards High-quality Pixel-wise Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00782.pdf)
>  Pixel-wise regression is probably the most common problem in fine-grained computer vision tasks, such as estimating keypoint heatmaps and segmentation masks. These regression problems are very challenging particularly because they require, at low computation overheads, modeling long-range dependencies on high-resolution inputs/outputs to estimate the highly nonlinear pixel-wise semantics. While attention mechanisms in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks(DCNNs) has become popular for boosting long-range dependencies, element-specific attention, such as Nonlocal blocks, is highly complex and noise-sensitive to learn, and most of simplified attention hybrids try to reach the best compromise among multiple types of tasks. In this paper, we present the Polarized Self-Attention(PSA) block that incorporates two critical designs towards high-quality pixel-wise regression: (1) Polarized filtering: keeping high internal resolution in both channel and spatial attention computation while completely collapsing input tensors along their counterpart dimensions. (2) Enhancement: composing non-linearity that directly fits the output distribution of typical fine-grained regression, such as the 2D Gaussian distribution (keypoint heatmaps), or the 2D Binormial distribution (binary segmentation masks). PSA appears to have exhausted the representation capacity within its channel-only and spatial-only branches, such that there is only marginal metric differences between its sequential and parallel layouts. Experimental results show that PSA boosts standard baselines by $2-4$ points, and boosts state-of-the-arts by $1-2$ points on 2D pose estimation and semantic segmentation benchmarks.      
### 25.UTNet: A Hybrid Transformer Architecture for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00781.pdf)
>  Transformer architecture has emerged to be successful in a number of natural language processing tasks. However, its applications to medical vision remain largely unexplored. In this study, we present UTNet, a simple yet powerful hybrid Transformer architecture that integrates self-attention into a convolutional neural network for enhancing medical image segmentation. UTNet applies self-attention modules in both encoder and decoder for capturing long-range dependency at different scales with minimal overhead. To this end, we propose an efficient self-attention mechanism along with relative position encoding that reduces the complexity of self-attention operation significantly from $O(n^2)$ to approximate $O(n)$. A new self-attention decoder is also proposed to recover fine-grained details from the skipped connections in the encoder. Our approach addresses the dilemma that Transformer requires huge amounts of data to learn vision inductive bias. Our hybrid layer design allows the initialization of Transformer into convolutional networks without a need of pre-training. We have evaluated UTNet on the multi-label, multi-vendor cardiac magnetic resonance imaging cohort. UTNet demonstrates superior segmentation performance and robustness against the state-of-the-art approaches, holding the promise to generalize well on other medical image segmentations.      
### 26.Passing a Non-verbal Turing Test: Evaluating Gesture Animations Generated from Speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00712.pdf)
>  In real life, people communicate using both speech and non-verbal signals such as gestures, face expression or body pose. Non-verbal signals impact the meaning of the spoken utterance in an abundance of ways. An absence of non-verbal signals impoverishes the process of communication. Yet, when users are represented as avatars, it is difficult to translate non-verbal signals along with the speech into the virtual world without specialized motion-capture hardware. In this paper, we propose a novel, data-driven technique for generating gestures directly from speech. Our approach is based on the application of Generative Adversarial Neural Networks (GANs) to model the correlation rather than causation between speech and gestures. This approach approximates neuroscience findings on how non-verbal communication and speech are correlated. We create a large dataset which consists of speech and corresponding gestures in a 3D human pose format from which our model learns the speaker-specific correlation. We evaluate the proposed technique in a user study that is inspired by the Turing test. For the study, we animate the generated gestures on a virtual character. We find that users are not able to distinguish between the generated and the recorded gestures. Moreover, users are able to identify our synthesized gestures as related or not related to a given utterance.      
### 27.Blind Image Super-Resolution via Contrastive Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00708.pdf)
>  Image super-resolution (SR) research has witnessed impressive progress thanks to the advance of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in recent years. However, most existing SR methods are non-blind and assume that degradation has a single fixed and known distribution (e.g., bicubic) which struggle while handling degradation in real-world data that usually follows a multi-modal, spatially variant, and unknown distribution. The recent blind SR studies address this issue via degradation estimation, but they do not generalize well to multi-source degradation and cannot handle spatially variant degradation. We design CRL-SR, a contrastive representation learning network that focuses on blind SR of images with multi-modal and spatially variant distributions. CRL-SR addresses the blind SR challenges from two perspectives. The first is contrastive decoupling encoding which introduces contrastive learning to extract resolution-invariant embedding and discard resolution-variant embedding under the guidance of a bidirectional contrastive loss. The second is contrastive feature refinement which generates lost or corrupted high-frequency details under the guidance of a conditional contrastive loss. Extensive experiments on synthetic datasets and real images show that the proposed CRL-SR can handle multi-modal and spatially variant degradation effectively under blind settings and it also outperforms state-of-the-art SR methods qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 28.Intrinsic Image Transfer for Illumination Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00704.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel intrinsic image transfer (IIT) algorithm for illumination manipulation, which creates a local image translation between two illumination surfaces. This model is built on an optimization-based framework consisting of three photo-realistic losses defined on the sub-layers factorized by an intrinsic image decomposition. We illustrate that all losses can be reduced without the necessity of taking an intrinsic image decomposition under the well-known spatial-varying illumination illumination-invariant reflectance prior knowledge. Moreover, with a series of relaxations, all of them can be directly defined on images, giving a closed-form solution for image illumination manipulation. This new paradigm differs from the prevailing Retinex-based algorithms, as it provides an implicit way to deal with the per-pixel image illumination. We finally demonstrate its versatility and benefits to the illumination-related tasks such as illumination compensation, image enhancement, and high dynamic range (HDR) image compression, and show the high-quality results on natural image datasets.      
### 29.Unsupervised Image Segmentation by Mutual Information Maximization and Adversarial Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00691.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is one of the basic, yet essential scene understanding tasks for an autonomous agent. The recent developments in supervised machine learning and neural networks have enjoyed great success in enhancing the performance of the state-of-the-art techniques for this task. However, their superior performance is highly reliant on the availability of a large-scale annotated dataset. In this paper, we propose a novel fully unsupervised semantic segmentation method, the so-called Information Maximization and Adversarial Regularization Segmentation (InMARS). Inspired by human perception which parses a scene into perceptual groups, rather than analyzing each pixel individually, our proposed approach first partitions an input image into meaningful regions (also known as superpixels). Next, it utilizes Mutual-Information-Maximization followed by an adversarial training strategy to cluster these regions into semantically meaningful classes. To customize an adversarial training scheme for the problem, we incorporate adversarial pixel noise along with spatial perturbations to impose photometrical and geometrical invariance on the deep neural network. Our experiments demonstrate that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on two commonly used unsupervised semantic segmentation datasets, COCO-Stuff, and Potsdam.      
### 30.Aerial Map-Based Navigation Using Semantic Segmentation and Pattern Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00689.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel approach to map-based navigation system for unmanned aircraft. The proposed system attempts label-to-label matching, not image-to-image matching between aerial images and a map database. By using semantic segmentation, the ground objects are labelled and the configuration of the objects is used to find the corresponding location in the map database. The use of the deep learning technique as a tool for extracting high-level features reduces the image-based localization problem to a pattern matching problem. This paper proposes a pattern matching algorithm which does not require altitude information or a camera model to estimate the absolute horizontal position. The feasibility analysis with simulated images shows the proposed map-based navigation can be realized with the proposed pattern matching algorithm and it is able to provide positions given the labelled objects.      
### 31.Simpler, Faster, Stronger: Breaking The log-K Curse On Contrastive Learners With FlatNCE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01152.pdf)
>  InfoNCE-based contrastive representation learners, such as SimCLR, have been tremendously successful in recent years. However, these contrastive schemes are notoriously resource demanding, as their effectiveness breaks down with small-batch training (i.e., the log-K curse, whereas K is the batch-size). In this work, we reveal mathematically why contrastive learners fail in the small-batch-size regime, and present a novel simple, non-trivial contrastive objective named FlatNCE, which fixes this issue. Unlike InfoNCE, our FlatNCE no longer explicitly appeals to a discriminative classification goal for contrastive learning. Theoretically, we show FlatNCE is the mathematical dual formulation of InfoNCE, thus bridging the classical literature on energy modeling; and empirically, we demonstrate that, with minimal modification of code, FlatNCE enables immediate performance boost independent of the subject-matter engineering efforts. The significance of this work is furthered by the powerful generalization of contrastive learning techniques, and the introduction of new tools to monitor and diagnose contrastive training. We substantiate our claims with empirical evidence on CIFAR10, ImageNet, and other datasets, where FlatNCE consistently outperforms InfoNCE.      
### 32.On Measuring and Controlling the Spectral Bias of the Deep Image Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01125.pdf)
>  The deep image prior has demonstrated the remarkable ability that untrained networks can address inverse imaging problems, such as denoising, inpainting and super-resolution, by optimizing on just a single degraded image. Despite its promise, it suffers from two limitations. First, it remains unclear how one can control the prior beyond the choice of the network architecture. Second, it requires an oracle to determine when to stop the optimization as the performance degrades after reaching a peak. In this paper, we study the deep image prior from a spectral bias perspective to address these problems. By introducing a frequency-band correspondence measure, we observe that deep image priors for inverse imaging exhibit a spectral bias during optimization, where low-frequency image signals are learned faster and better than high-frequency noise signals. This pinpoints why degraded images can be denoised or inpainted when the optimization is stopped at the right time. Based on our observations, we propose to control the spectral bias in the deep image prior to prevent performance degradation and to speed up optimization convergence. We do so in the two core layer types of inverse imaging networks: the convolution layer and the upsampling layer. We present a Lipschitz-controlled approach for the convolution and a Gaussian-controlled approach for the upsampling layer. We further introduce a stopping criterion to avoid superfluous computation. The experiments on denoising, inpainting and super-resolution show that our method no longer suffers from performance degradation during optimization, relieving us from the need for an oracle criterion to stop early. We further outline a stopping criterion to avoid superfluous computation. Finally, we show that our approach obtains favorable restoration results compared to current approaches, across all tasks.      
### 33.WiCluster: Passive Indoor 2D/3D Positioning using WiFi without Precise Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01002.pdf)
>  We introduce WiCluster, a new machine learning (ML) approach for passive indoor positioning using radio frequency (RF) channel state information (CSI). WiCluster can predict both a zone-level position and a precise 2D or 3D position, without using any precise position labels during training. Prior CSI-based indoor positioning work has relied on non-parametric approaches using digital signal-processing (DSP) and, more recently, parametric approaches (e.g., fully supervised ML methods). However these do not handle the complexity of real-world environments well and do not meet requirements for large-scale commercial deployments: the accuracy of DSP-based method deteriorates significantly in non-line-of-sight conditions, while supervised ML methods need large amounts of hard-to-acquire centimeter accuracy position labels. In contrast, WiCluster is both precise and requires weaker label-information that can be easily collected. Our first contribution is a novel dimensionality reduction method for charting. It combines a triplet-loss with a multi-scale clustering-loss to map the high-dimensional CSI representation to a 2D/3D latent space. Our second contribution is two weakly supervised losses that map this latent space into a Cartesian map, resulting in meter-accuracy position results. These losses only require simple to acquire priors: a sketch of the floorplan, approximate location of access-point locations and a few CSI packets that are labeled with the corresponding zone in the floorplan. Thirdly, we report results and a robustness study for 2D positioning in a single-floor office building and 3D positioning in a two-floor home to show the robustness of our method.      
### 34.ResIST: Layer-Wise Decomposition of ResNets for Distributed Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00961.pdf)
>  We propose {\rm \texttt{ResIST}}, a novel distributed training protocol for Residual Networks (ResNets). {\rm \texttt{ResIST}} randomly decomposes a global ResNet into several shallow sub-ResNets that are trained independently in a distributed manner for several local iterations, before having their updates synchronized and aggregated into the global model. In the next round, new sub-ResNets are randomly generated and the process repeats. By construction, per iteration, {\rm \texttt{ResIST}} communicates only a small portion of network parameters to each machine and never uses the full model during training. Thus, {\rm \texttt{ResIST}} reduces the communication, memory, and time requirements of ResNet training to only a fraction of the requirements of previous methods. In comparison to common protocols like data-parallel training and data-parallel training with local SGD, {\rm \texttt{ResIST}} yields a decrease in wall-clock training time, while being competitive with respect to model performance.      
### 35.LensID: A CNN-RNN-Based Framework Towards Lens Irregularity Detection in Cataract Surgery Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00875.pdf)
>  A critical complication after cataract surgery is the dislocation of the lens implant leading to vision deterioration and eye trauma. In order to reduce the risk of this complication, it is vital to discover the risk factors during the surgery. However, studying the relationship between lens dislocation and its suspicious risk factors using numerous videos is a time-extensive procedure. Hence, the surgeons demand an automatic approach to enable a larger-scale and, accordingly, more reliable study. In this paper, we propose a novel framework as the major step towards lens irregularity detection. In particular, we propose (I) an end-to-end recurrent neural network to recognize the lens-implantation phase and (II) a novel semantic segmentation network to segment the lens and pupil after the implantation phase. The phase recognition results reveal the effectiveness of the proposed surgical phase recognition approach. Moreover, the segmentation results confirm the proposed segmentation network's effectiveness compared to state-of-the-art rival approaches.      
### 36.Rapid Neural Architecture Search by Learning to Generate Graphs from Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00860.pdf)
>  Despite the success of recent Neural Architecture Search (NAS) methods on various tasks which have shown to output networks that largely outperform human-designed networks, conventional NAS methods have mostly tackled the optimization of searching for the network architecture for a single task (dataset), which does not generalize well across multiple tasks (datasets). Moreover, since such task-specific methods search for a neural architecture from scratch for every given task, they incur a large computational cost, which is problematic when the time and monetary budget are limited. In this paper, we propose an efficient NAS framework that is trained once on a database consisting of datasets and pretrained networks and can rapidly search for a neural architecture for a novel dataset. The proposed MetaD2A (Meta Dataset-to-Architecture) model can stochastically generate graphs (architectures) from a given set (dataset) via a cross-modal latent space learned with amortized meta-learning. Moreover, we also propose a meta-performance predictor to estimate and select the best architecture without direct training on target datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that our model meta-learned on subsets of ImageNet-1K and architectures from NAS-Bench 201 search space successfully generalizes to multiple unseen datasets including CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100, with an average search time of 33 GPU seconds. Even under MobileNetV3 search space, MetaD2A is 5.5K times faster than NSGANetV2, a transferable NAS method, with comparable performance. We believe that the MetaD2A proposes a new research direction for rapid NAS as well as ways to utilize the knowledge from rich databases of datasets and architectures accumulated over the past years. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HayeonLee/MetaD2A" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Target-dependent UNITER: A Transformer-Based Multimodal Language Comprehension Model for Domestic Service Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00811.pdf)
>  Currently, domestic service robots have an insufficient ability to interact naturally through language. This is because understanding human instructions is complicated by various ambiguities and missing information. In existing methods, the referring expressions that specify the relationships between objects are insufficiently modeled. In this paper, we propose Target-dependent UNITER, which learns the relationship between the target object and other objects directly by focusing on the relevant regions within an image, rather than the whole image. Our method is an extension of the UNITER-based Transformer that can be pretrained on general-purpose datasets. We extend the UNITER approach by introducing a new architecture for handling the target candidates. Our model is validated on two standard datasets, and the results show that Target-dependent UNITER outperforms the baseline method in terms of classification accuracy.      
### 38.Case Relation Transformer: A Crossmodal Language Generation Model for Fetching Instructions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00789.pdf)
>  There have been many studies in robotics to improve the communication skills of domestic service robots. Most studies, however, have not fully benefited from recent advances in deep neural networks because the training datasets are not large enough. In this paper, our aim is to augment the datasets based on a crossmodal language generation model. We propose the Case Relation Transformer (CRT), which generates a fetching instruction sentence from an image, such as "Move the blue flip-flop to the lower left box." Unlike existing methods, the CRT uses the Transformer to integrate the visual features and geometry features of objects in the image. The CRT can handle the objects because of the Case Relation Block. We conducted comparison experiments and a human evaluation. The experimental results show the CRT outperforms baseline methods.      
### 39.Overcoming Obstructions via Bandwidth-Limited Multi-Agent Spatial Handshaking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00771.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address bandwidth-limited and obstruction-prone collaborative perception, specifically in the context of multi-agent semantic segmentation. This setting presents several key challenges, including processing and exchanging unregistered robotic swarm imagery. To be successful, solutions must effectively leverage multiple non-static and intermittently-overlapping RGB perspectives, while heeding bandwidth constraints and overcoming unwanted foreground obstructions. As such, we propose an end-to-end learn-able Multi-Agent Spatial Handshaking network (MASH) to process, compress, and propagate visual information across a robotic swarm. Our distributed communication module operates directly (and exclusively) on raw image data, without additional input requirements such as pose, depth, or warping data. We demonstrate superior performance of our model compared against several baselines in a photo-realistic multi-robot AirSim environment, especially in the presence of image occlusions. Our method achieves an absolute 11% IoU improvement over strong baselines.      
### 40.Enhancing Multi-Robot Perception via Learned Data Association  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00769.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the multi-robot collaborative perception problem, specifically in the context of multi-view infilling for distributed semantic segmentation. This setting entails several real-world challenges, especially those relating to unregistered multi-agent image data. Solutions must effectively leverage multiple, non-static, and intermittently-overlapping RGB perspectives. To this end, we propose the Multi-Agent Infilling Network: an extensible neural architecture that can be deployed (in a distributed manner) to each agent in a robotic swarm. Specifically, each robot is in charge of locally encoding and decoding visual information, and an extensible neural mechanism allows for an uncertainty-aware and context-based exchange of intermediate features. We demonstrate improved performance on a realistic multi-robot AirSim dataset.      
### 41.Mitigating Uncertainty of Classifier for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00727.pdf)
>  Understanding unsupervised domain adaptation has been an important task that has been well explored. However, the wide variety of methods have not analyzed the role of a classifier's performance in detail. In this paper, we thoroughly examine the role of a classifier in terms of matching source and target distributions. We specifically investigate the classifier ability by matching a) the distribution of features, b) probabilistic uncertainty for samples and c) certainty activation mappings. Our analysis suggests that using these three distributions does result in a consistently improved performance on all the datasets. Our work thus extends present knowledge on the role of the various distributions obtained from the classifier towards solving unsupervised domain adaptation.      
### 42.SIMILAR: Submodular Information Measures Based Active Learning In Realistic Scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00717.pdf)
>  Active learning has proven to be useful for minimizing labeling costs by selecting the most informative samples. However, existing active learning methods do not work well in realistic scenarios such as imbalance or rare classes, out-of-distribution data in the unlabeled set, and redundancy. In this work, we propose SIMILAR (Submodular Information Measures based actIve LeARning), a unified active learning framework using recently proposed submodular information measures (SIM) as acquisition functions. We argue that SIMILAR not only works in standard active learning, but also easily extends to the realistic settings considered above and acts as a one-stop solution for active learning that is scalable to large real-world datasets. Empirically, we show that SIMILAR significantly outperforms existing active learning algorithms by as much as ~5% - 18% in the case of rare classes and ~5% - 10% in the case of out-of-distribution data on several image classification tasks like CIFAR-10, MNIST, and ImageNet.      
### 43.Long-Short Ensemble Network for Bipolar Manic-Euthymic State Recognition Based on Wrist-worn Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00710.pdf)
>  Manic episodes of bipolar disorder can lead to uncritical behaviour and delusional psychosis, often with destructive consequences for those affected and their surroundings. Early detection and intervention of a manic episode are crucial to prevent escalation, hospital admission and premature death. However, people with bipolar disorder may not recognize that they are experiencing a manic episode and symptoms such as euphoria and increased productivity can also deter affected individuals from seeking help. This work proposes to perform user-independent, automatic mood-state detection based on actigraphy and electrodermal activity acquired from a wrist-worn device during mania and after recovery (euthymia). This paper proposes a new deep learning-based ensemble method leveraging long (20h) and short (5 minutes) time-intervals to discriminate between the mood-states. When tested on 47 bipolar patients, the proposed classification scheme achieves an average accuracy of 91.59% in euthymic/manic mood-state recognition.      
