# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 14 Jul 2021
### 1.Per-Pixel Classification is Not All You Need for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06278.pdf)
>  Modern approaches typically formulate semantic segmentation as a per-pixel classification task, while instance-level segmentation is handled with an alternative mask classification. Our key insight: mask classification is sufficiently general to solve both semantic- and instance-level segmentation tasks in a unified manner using the exact same model, loss, and training procedure. Following this observation, we propose MaskFormer, a simple mask classification model which predicts a set of binary masks, each associated with a single global class label prediction. Overall, the proposed mask classification-based method simplifies the landscape of effective approaches to semantic and panoptic segmentation tasks and shows excellent empirical results. In particular, we observe that MaskFormer outperforms per-pixel classification baselines when the number of classes is large. Our mask classification-based method outperforms both current state-of-the-art semantic (55.6 mIoU on ADE20K) and panoptic segmentation (52.7 PQ on COCO) models.      
### 2.CMT: Convolutional Neural Networks Meet Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06263.pdf)
>  Vision transformers have been successfully applied to image recognition tasks due to their ability to capture long-range dependencies within an image. However, there are still gaps in both performance and computational cost between transformers and existing convolutional neural networks (CNNs). In this paper, we aim to address this issue and develop a network that can outperform not only the canonical transformers, but also the high-performance convolutional models. We propose a new transformer based hybrid network by taking advantage of transformers to capture long-range dependencies, and of CNNs to model local features. Furthermore, we scale it to obtain a family of models, called CMTs, obtaining much better accuracy and efficiency than previous convolution and transformer based models. In particular, our CMT-S achieves 83.5% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet, while being 14x and 2x smaller on FLOPs than the existing DeiT and EfficientNet, respectively. The proposed CMT-S also generalizes well on CIFAR10 (99.2%), CIFAR100 (91.7%), Flowers (98.7%), and other challenging vision datasets such as COCO (44.3% mAP), with considerably less computational cost.      
### 3.Learning Aesthetic Layouts via Visual Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06262.pdf)
>  We explore computational approaches for visual guidance to aid in creating aesthetically pleasing art and graphic design. Our work complements and builds on previous work that developed models for how humans look at images. Our approach comprises three steps. First, we collected a dataset of art masterpieces and labeled the visual fixations with state-of-art vision models. Second, we clustered the visual guidance templates of the art masterpieces with unsupervised learning. Third, we developed a pipeline using generative adversarial networks to learn the principles of visual guidance and that can produce aesthetically pleasing layouts. We show that the aesthetic visual guidance principles can be learned and integrated into a high-dimensional model and can be queried by the features of graphic elements. We evaluate our approach by generating layouts on various drawings and graphic designs. Moreover, our model considers the color and structure of graphic elements when generating layouts. Consequently, we believe our tool, which generates multiple aesthetic layout options in seconds, can help artists create beautiful art and graphic designs.      
### 4.Object Tracking and Geo-localization from Street Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06257.pdf)
>  Geo-localizing static objects from street images is challenging but also very important for road asset mapping and autonomous driving. In this paper we present a two-stage framework that detects and geolocalizes traffic signs from low frame rate street videos. Our proposed system uses a modified version of RetinaNet (GPS-RetinaNet), which predicts a positional offset for each sign relative to the camera, in addition to performing the standard classification and bounding box regression. Candidate sign detections from GPS-RetinaNet are condensed into geolocalized signs by our custom tracker, which consists of a learned metric network and a variant of the Hungarian Algorithm. Our metric network estimates the similarity between pairs of detections, then the Hungarian Algorithm matches detections across images using the similarity scores provided by the metric network. Our models were trained using an updated version of the ARTS dataset, which contains 25,544 images and 47.589 sign annotations ~\cite{arts}. The proposed dataset covers a diverse set of environments gathered from a broad selection of roads. Each annotaiton contains a sign class label, its geospatial location, an assembly label, a side of road indicator, and unique identifiers that aid in the evaluation. This dataset will support future progress in the field, and the proposed system demonstrates how to take advantage of some of the unique characteristics of a realistic geolocalization dataset.      
### 5.Retrieve in Style: Unsupervised Facial Feature Transfer and Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06256.pdf)
>  We present Retrieve in Style (RIS), an unsupervised framework for fine-grained facial feature transfer and retrieval on real images. Recent work shows that it is possible to learn a catalog that allows local semantic transfers of facial features on generated images by capitalizing on the disentanglement property of the StyleGAN latent space. RIS improves existing art on: 1) feature disentanglement and allows for challenging transfers (i.e., hair and pose) that were not shown possible in SoTA methods. 2) eliminating the need for per-image hyperparameter tuning, and for computing a catalog over a large batch of images. 3) enabling face retrieval using the proposed facial features (e.g., eyes), and to our best knowledge, is the first work to retrieve face images at the fine-grained level. 4) robustness and natural application to real images. Our qualitative and quantitative analyses show RIS achieves both high-fidelity feature transfers and accurate fine-grained retrievals on real images. We discuss the responsible application of RIS.      
### 6.Everybody Is Unique: Towards Unbiased Human Mesh Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06239.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of obese human mesh recovery, i.e., fitting a parametric human mesh to images of obese people. Despite obese person mesh fitting being an important problem with numerous applications (e.g., healthcare), much recent progress in mesh recovery has been restricted to images of non-obese people. In this work, we identify this crucial gap in the current literature by presenting and discussing limitations of existing algorithms. Next, we present a simple baseline to address this problem that is scalable and can be easily used in conjunction with existing algorithms to improve their performance. Finally, we present a generalized human mesh optimization algorithm that substantially improves the performance of existing methods on both obese person images as well as community-standard benchmark datasets. A key innovation of this technique is that it does not rely on supervision from expensive-to-create mesh parameters. Instead, starting from widely and cheaply available 2D keypoints annotations, our method automatically generates mesh parameters that can in turn be used to re-train and fine-tune any existing mesh estimation algorithm. This way, we show our method acts as a drop-in to improve the performance of a wide variety of contemporary mesh estimation methods. We conduct extensive experiments on multiple datasets comprising both standard and obese person images and demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed techniques.      
### 7.Exploiting Image Translations via Ensemble Self-Supervised Learning for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06235.pdf)
>  We introduce an unsupervised domain adaption (UDA) strategy that combines multiple image translations, ensemble learning and self-supervised learning in one coherent approach. We focus on one of the standard tasks of UDA in which a semantic segmentation model is trained on labeled synthetic data together with unlabeled real-world data, aiming to perform well on the latter. To exploit the advantage of using multiple image translations, we propose an ensemble learning approach, where three classifiers calculate their prediction by taking as input features of different image translations, making each classifier learn independently, with the purpose of combining their outputs by sparse Multinomial Logistic Regression. This regression layer known as meta-learner helps to reduce the bias during pseudo label generation when performing self-supervised learning and improves the generalizability of the model by taking into consideration the contribution of each classifier. We evaluate our method on the standard UDA benchmarks, i.e. adapting GTA V and Synthia to Cityscapes, and achieve state-of-the-art results in the mean intersection over union metric. Extensive ablation experiments are reported to highlight the advantageous properties of our proposed UDA strategy.      
### 8.Domain-Irrelevant Representation Learning for Unsupervised Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06219.pdf)
>  Domain generalization (DG) aims to help models trained on a set of source domains generalize better on unseen target domains. The performances of current DG methods largely rely on sufficient labeled data, which however are usually costly or unavailable. While unlabeled data are far more accessible, we seek to explore how unsupervised learning can help deep models generalizes across domains. Specifically, we study a novel generalization problem called unsupervised domain generalization, which aims to learn generalizable models with unlabeled data. Furthermore, we propose a Domain-Irrelevant Unsupervised Learning (DIUL) method to cope with the significant and misleading heterogeneity within unlabeled data and severe distribution shifts between source and target data. Surprisingly we observe that DIUL can not only counterbalance the scarcity of labeled data but also further strengthen the generalization ability of models when the labeled data are sufficient. As a pretraining approach, DIUL shows superior to ImageNet pretraining protocol even when the available data are unlabeled and of a greatly smaller amount compared to ImageNet. Extensive experiments clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of our method compared with state-of-the-art unsupervised learning counterparts.      
### 9.'CADSketchNet' -- An Annotated Sketch dataset for 3D CAD Model Retrieval with Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06212.pdf)
>  Ongoing advancements in the fields of 3D modelling and digital archiving have led to an outburst in the amount of data stored digitally. Consequently, several retrieval systems have been developed depending on the type of data stored in these databases. However, unlike text data or images, performing a search for 3D models is non-trivial. Among 3D models, retrieving 3D Engineering/CAD models or mechanical components is even more challenging due to the presence of holes, volumetric features, presence of sharp edges etc., which make CAD a domain unto itself. The research work presented in this paper aims at developing a dataset suitable for building a retrieval system for 3D CAD models based on deep learning. 3D CAD models from the available CAD databases are collected, and a dataset of computer-generated sketch data, termed 'CADSketchNet', has been prepared. Additionally, hand-drawn sketches of the components are also added to CADSketchNet. Using the sketch images from this dataset, the paper also aims at evaluating the performance of various retrieval system or a search engine for 3D CAD models that accepts a sketch image as the input query. Many experimental models are constructed and tested on CADSketchNet. These experiments, along with the model architecture, choice of similarity metrics are reported along with the search results.      
### 10.Learning a Discriminant Latent Space with Neural Discriminant Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06209.pdf)
>  Discriminative features play an important role in image and object classification and also in other fields of research such as semi-supervised learning, fine-grained classification, out of distribution detection. Inspired by Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA), we propose an optimization called Neural Discriminant Analysis (NDA) for Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNNs). NDA transforms deep features to become more discriminative and, therefore, improves the performances in various tasks. Our proposed optimization has two primary goals for inter- and intra-class variances. The first one is to minimize variances within each individual class. The second goal is to maximize pairwise distances between features coming from different classes. We evaluate our NDA optimization in different research fields: general supervised classification, fine-grained classification, semi-supervised learning, and out of distribution detection. We achieve performance improvements in all the fields compared to baseline methods that do not use NDA. Besides, using NDA, we also surpass the state of the art on the four tasks on various testing datasets.      
### 11.Deep Ranking with Adaptive Margin Triplet Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06187.pdf)
>  We propose a simple modification from a fixed margin triplet loss to an adaptive margin triplet loss. While the original triplet loss is used widely in classification problems such as face recognition, face re-identification and fine-grained similarity, our proposed loss is well suited for rating datasets in which the ratings are continuous values. In contrast to original triplet loss where we have to sample data carefully, in out method, we can generate triplets using the whole dataset, and the optimization can still converge without frequently running into a model collapsing issue. The adaptive margins only need to be computed once before the training, which is much less expensive than generating triplets after every epoch as in the fixed margin case. Besides substantially improved training stability (the proposed model never collapsed in our experiments compared to a couple of times that the training collapsed on existing triplet loss), we achieved slightly better performance than the original triplet loss on various rating datasets and network architectures.      
### 12.3D Parametric Wireframe Extraction Based on Distance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06165.pdf)
>  We present a pipeline for parametric wireframe extraction from densely sampled point clouds. Our approach processes a scalar distance field that represents proximity to the nearest sharp feature curve. In intermediate stages, it detects corners, constructs curve segmentation, and builds a topological graph fitted to the wireframe. As an output, we produce parametric spline curves that can be edited and sampled arbitrarily. We evaluate our method on 50 complex 3D shapes and compare it to the novel deep learning-based technique, demonstrating superior quality.      
### 13.Fast Batch Nuclear-norm Maximization and Minimization for Robust Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06154.pdf)
>  Due to the domain discrepancy in visual domain adaptation, the performance of source model degrades when bumping into the high data density near decision boundary in target domain. A common solution is to minimize the Shannon Entropy to push the decision boundary away from the high density area. However, entropy minimization also leads to severe reduction of prediction diversity, and unfortunately brings harm to the domain adaptation. In this paper, we investigate the prediction discriminability and diversity by studying the structure of the classification output matrix of a randomly selected data batch. We find by theoretical analysis that the prediction discriminability and diversity could be separately measured by the Frobenius-norm and rank of the batch output matrix. The nuclear-norm is an upperbound of the former, and a convex approximation of the latter. Accordingly, we propose Batch Nuclear-norm Maximization and Minimization, which performs nuclear-norm maximization on the target output matrix to enhance the target prediction ability, and nuclear-norm minimization on the source batch output matrix to increase applicability of the source domain knowledge. We further approximate the nuclear-norm by L_{1,2}-norm, and design multi-batch optimization for stable solution on large number of categories. The fast approximation method achieves O(n^2) computational complexity and better convergence property. Experiments show that our method could boost the adaptation accuracy and robustness under three typical domain adaptation scenarios. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cuishuhao/BNM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.MINERVAS: Massive INterior EnviRonments VirtuAl Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06149.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of data-driven techniques, data has played an essential role in various computer vision tasks. Many realistic and synthetic datasets have been proposed to address different problems. However, there are lots of unresolved challenges: (1) the creation of dataset is usually a tedious process with manual annotations, (2) most datasets are only designed for a single specific task, (3) the modification or randomization of the 3D scene is difficult, and (4) the release of commercial 3D data may encounter copyright issue. <br>This paper presents MINERVAS, a Massive INterior EnviRonments VirtuAl Synthesis system, to facilitate the 3D scene modification and the 2D image synthesis for various vision tasks. In particular, we design a programmable pipeline with Domain-Specific Language, allowing users to (1) select scenes from the commercial indoor scene database, (2) synthesize scenes for different tasks with customized rules, and (3) render various imagery data, such as visual color, geometric structures, semantic label. Our system eases the difficulty of customizing massive numbers of scenes for different tasks and relieves users from manipulating fine-grained scene configurations by providing user-controllable randomness using multi-level samplers. Most importantly, it empowers users to access commercial scene databases with millions of indoor scenes and protects the copyright of core data assets, e.g., 3D CAD models. We demonstrate the validity and flexibility of our system by using our synthesized data to improve the performance on different kinds of computer vision tasks.      
### 15.Deep learning approaches to Earth Observation change detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06132.pdf)
>  The interest for change detection in the field of remote sensing has increased in the last few years. Searching for changes in satellite images has many useful applications, ranging from land cover and land use analysis to anomaly detection. In particular, urban change detection provides an efficient tool to study urban spread and growth through several years of observation. At the same time, change detection is often a computationally challenging and time-consuming task, which requires innovative methods to guarantee optimal results with unquestionable value and within reasonable time. In this paper we present two different approaches to change detection (semantic segmentation and classification) that both exploit convolutional neural networks to achieve good results, which can be further refined and used in a post-processing workflow for a large variety of applications.      
### 16.Scalable Surface Reconstruction with Delaunay-Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06130.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel learning-based, visibility-aware, surface reconstruction method for large-scale, defect-laden point clouds. Our approach can cope with the scale and variety of point cloud defects encountered in real-life Multi-View Stereo (MVS) acquisitions. Our method relies on a 3D Delaunay tetrahedralization whose cells are classified as inside or outside the surface by a graph neural network and an energy model solvable with a graph cut. Our model, making use of both local geometric attributes and line-of-sight visibility information, is able to learn a visibility model from a small amount of synthetic training data and generalizes to real-life acquisitions. Combining the efficiency of deep learning methods and the scalability of energy based models, our approach outperforms both learning and non learning-based reconstruction algorithms on two publicly available reconstruction benchmarks.      
### 17.Bidirectional Regression for Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06129.pdf)
>  Arbitrary-shaped text detection has recently attracted increasing interests and witnessed rapid development with the popularity of deep learning algorithms. Nevertheless, existing approaches often obtain inaccurate detection results, mainly due to the relatively weak ability to utilize context information and the inappropriate choice of offset references. This paper presents a novel text instance expression which integrates both foreground and background information into the pipeline, and naturally uses the pixels near text boundaries as the offset starts. Besides, a corresponding post-processing algorithm is also designed to sequentially combine the four prediction results and reconstruct the text instance accurately. We evaluate our method on several challenging scene text benchmarks, including both curved and multi-oriented text datasets. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach obtains superior or competitive performance compared to other state-of-the-art methods, e.g., 83.4% F-score for Total-Text, 82.4% F-score for MSRA-TD500, etc.      
### 18.MSR-Net: Multi-Scale Relighting Network for One-to-One Relighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06125.pdf)
>  Deep image relighting allows photo enhancement by illumination-specific retouching without human effort and so it is getting much interest lately. Most of the existing popular methods available for relighting are run-time intensive and memory inefficient. Keeping these issues in mind, we propose the use of Stacked Deep Multi-Scale Hierarchical Network, which aggregates features from each image at different scales. Our solution is differentiable and robust for translating image illumination setting from input image to target image. Additionally, we have also shown that using a multi-step training approach to this problem with two different loss functions can significantly boost performance and can achieve a high quality reconstruction of a relighted image.      
### 19.Force-in-domain GAN inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06050.pdf)
>  Empirical works suggest that various semantics emerge in the latent space of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) when being trained to generate images. To perform real image editing, it requires an accurate mapping from the real image to the latent space to leveraging these learned semantics, which is important yet difficult. An in-domain GAN inversion approach is recently proposed to constraint the inverted code within the latent space by forcing the reconstructed image obtained from the inverted code within the real image space. Empirically, we find that the inverted code by the in-domain GAN can deviate from the latent space significantly. To solve this problem, we propose a force-in-domain GAN based on the in-domain GAN, which utilizes a discriminator to force the inverted code within the latent space. The force-in-domain GAN can also be interpreted by a cycle-GAN with slight modification. Extensive experiments show that our force-in-domain GAN not only reconstructs the target image at the pixel level, but also align the inverted code with the latent space well for semantic editing.      
### 20.This Person (Probably) Exists. Identity Membership Attacks Against GAN Generated Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06018.pdf)
>  Recently, generative adversarial networks (GANs) have achieved stunning realism, fooling even human observers. Indeed, the popular tongue-in-cheek website {\small \url{ <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://thispersondoesnotexist.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}}, taunts users with GAN generated images that seem too real to believe. On the other hand, GANs do leak information about their training data, as evidenced by membership attacks recently demonstrated in the literature. In this work, we challenge the assumption that GAN faces really are novel creations, by constructing a successful membership attack of a new kind. Unlike previous works, our attack can accurately discern samples sharing the same identity as training samples without being the same samples. We demonstrate the interest of our attack across several popular face datasets and GAN training procedures. Notably, we show that even in the presence of significant dataset diversity, an over represented person can pose a privacy concern.      
### 21.Teaching Agents how to Map: Spatial Reasoning for Multi-Object Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06011.pdf)
>  In the context of visual navigation, the capacity to map a novel environment is necessary for an agent to exploit its observation history in the considered place and efficiently reach known goals. This ability can be associated with spatial reasoning, where an agent is able to perceive spatial relationships and regularities, and discover object affordances. In classical Reinforcement Learning (RL) setups, this capacity is learned from reward alone. We introduce supplementary supervision in the form of auxiliary tasks designed to favor the emergence of spatial perception capabilities in agents trained for a goal-reaching downstream objective. We show that learning to estimate metrics quantifying the spatial relationships between an agent at a given location and a goal to reach has a high positive impact in Multi-Object Navigation settings. Our method significantly improves the performance of different baseline agents, that either build an explicit or implicit representation of the environment, even matching the performance of incomparable oracle agents taking ground-truth maps as input.      
### 22.HAT: Hierarchical Aggregation Transformers for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05946.pdf)
>  Recently, with the advance of deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), person Re-Identification (Re-ID) has witnessed great success in various applications. However, with limited receptive fields of CNNs, it is still challenging to extract discriminative representations in a global view for persons under non-overlapped cameras. Meanwhile, Transformers demonstrate strong abilities of modeling long-range dependencies for spatial and sequential data. In this work, we take advantages of both CNNs and Transformers, and propose a novel learning framework named Hierarchical Aggregation Transformer (HAT) for image-based person Re-ID with high performance. To achieve this goal, we first propose a Deeply Supervised Aggregation (DSA) to recurrently aggregate hierarchical features from CNN backbones. With multi-granularity supervisions, the DSA can enhance multi-scale features for person retrieval, which is very different from previous methods. Then, we introduce a Transformer-based Feature Calibration (TFC) to integrate low-level detail information as the global prior for high-level semantic information. The proposed TFC is inserted to each level of hierarchical features, resulting in great performance improvements. To our best knowledge, this work is the first to take advantages of both CNNs and Transformers for image-based person Re-ID. Comprehensive experiments on four large-scale Re-ID benchmarks demonstrate that our method shows better results than several state-of-the-art methods. The code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AI-Zhpp/HAT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.CentripetalText: An Efficient Text Instance Representation for Scene Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05945.pdf)
>  Scene text detection remains a grand challenge due to the variation in text curvatures, orientations, and aspect ratios. One of the most intractable problems is how to represent text instances of arbitrary shapes. Although many state-of-the-art methods have been proposed to model irregular texts in a flexible manner, most of them lose simplicity and robustness. Their complicated post-processings and the regression under Dirac delta distribution undermine the detection performance and the generalization ability. In this paper, we propose an efficient text instance representation named CentripetalText (CT), which decomposes text instances into the combination of text kernels and centripetal shifts. Specifically, we utilize the centripetal shifts to implement the pixel aggregation, which guide the external text pixels to the internal text kernels. The relaxation operation is integrated into the dense regression for centripetal shifts, allowing the correct prediction in a range, not a specific value. The convenient reconstruction of the text contours and the tolerance of the prediction errors in our method guarantee the high detection accuracy and the fast inference speed respectively. Besides, we shrink our text detector into a proposal generation module, namely CentripetalText Proposal Network (CPN), replacing SPN in Mask TextSpotter v3 and producing more accurate proposals. To validate the effectiveness of our designs, we conduct experiments on several commonly used scene text benchmarks, including both curved and multi-oriented text datasets. For the task of scene text detection, our approach achieves superior or competitive performance compared to other existing methods, e.g., F-measure of 86.3% at 40.0 FPS on Total-Text, F-measure of 86.1% at 34.8 FPS on MSRA-TD500, etc. For the task of end-to-end scene text recognition, we outperform Mask TextSpotter v3 by 1.1% on Total-Text.      
### 24.A Novel Deep Learning Method for Thermal to Annotated Thermal-Optical Fused Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05942.pdf)
>  Thermal Images profile the passive radiation of objects and capture them in grayscale images. Such images have a very different distribution of data compared to optical colored images. We present here a work that produces a grayscale thermo-optical fused mask given a thermal input. This is a deep learning based pioneering work since to the best of our knowledge, there exists no other work on thermal-optical grayscale fusion. Our method is also unique in the sense that the deep learning method we are proposing here works on the Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT) domain instead of the gray level domain. As a part of this work, we also present a new and unique database for obtaining the region of interest in thermal images based on an existing thermal visual paired database, containing the Region of Interest on 5 different classes of data. Finally, we are proposing a simple low cost overhead statistical measure for identifying the region of interest in the fused images, which we call as the Region of Fusion (RoF). Experiments on the database show encouraging results in identifying the region of interest in the fused images. We also show that they can be processed better in the mixed form rather than with only thermal images.      
### 25.Cats, not CAT scans: a study of dataset similarity in transfer learning for 2D medical image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05940.pdf)
>  Transfer learning is a commonly used strategy for medical image classification, especially via pretraining on source data and fine-tuning on target data. There is currently no consensus on how to choose appropriate source data, and in the literature we can find both evidence of favoring large natural image datasets such as ImageNet, and evidence of favoring more specialized medical datasets. In this paper we perform a systematic study with nine source datasets with natural or medical images, and three target medical datasets, all with 2D images. We find that ImageNet is the source leading to the highest performances, but also that larger datasets are not necessarily better. We also study different definitions of data similarity. We show that common intuitions about similarity may be inaccurate, and therefore not sufficient to predict an appropriate source a priori. Finally, we discuss several steps needed for further research in this field, especially with regard to other types (for example 3D) medical images. Our experiments and pretrained models are available via \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.github.com/vcheplygina/cats-scans" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 26.Learning from Partially Overlapping Labels: Image Segmentation under Annotation Shift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05938.pdf)
>  Scarcity of high quality annotated images remains a limiting factor for training accurate image segmentation models. While more and more annotated datasets become publicly available, the number of samples in each individual database is often small. Combining different databases to create larger amounts of training data is appealing yet challenging due to the heterogeneity as a result of differences in data acquisition and annotation processes, often yielding incompatible or even conflicting information. In this paper, we investigate and propose several strategies for learning from partially overlapping labels in the context of abdominal organ segmentation. We find that combining a semi-supervised approach with an adaptive cross entropy loss can successfully exploit heterogeneously annotated data and substantially improve segmentation accuracy compared to baseline and alternative approaches.      
### 27.Region attention and graph embedding network for occlusion objective class-based micro-expression recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05904.pdf)
>  Micro-expression recognition (\textbf{MER}) has attracted lots of researchers' attention in a decade. However, occlusion will occur for MER in real-world scenarios. This paper deeply investigates an interesting but unexplored challenging issue in MER, \ie, occlusion MER. First, to research MER under real-world occlusion, synthetic occluded micro-expression databases are created by using various mask for the community. Second, to suppress the influence of occlusion, a \underline{R}egion-inspired \underline{R}elation \underline{R}easoning \underline{N}etwork (\textbf{RRRN}) is proposed to model relations between various facial regions. RRRN consists of a backbone network, the Region-Inspired (\textbf{RI}) module and Relation Reasoning (\textbf{RR}) module. More specifically, the backbone network aims at extracting feature representations from different facial regions, RI module computing an adaptive weight from the region itself based on attention mechanism with respect to the unobstructedness and importance for suppressing the influence of occlusion, and RR module exploiting the progressive interactions among these regions by performing graph convolutions. Experiments are conducted on handout-database evaluation and composite database evaluation tasks of MEGC 2018 protocol. Experimental results show that RRRN can significantly explore the importance of facial regions and capture the cooperative complementary relationship of facial regions for MER. The results also demonstrate RRRN outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches, especially on occlusion, and RRRN acts more robust to occlusion.      
### 28.Automatic Seizure Detection Using the Pulse Transit Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05894.pdf)
>  Documentation of epileptic seizures plays an essential role in planning medical therapy. Solutions for automated epileptic seizure detection can help improve the current problem of incomplete and erroneous manual documentation of epileptic seizures. In recent years, a number of wearable sensors have been tested for this purpose. However, detecting seizures with subtle symptoms remains difficult and current solutions tend to have a high false alarm rate. Seizures can also affect the patient's arterial blood pressure, which has not yet been studied for detection with sensors. The pulse transit time (PTT) provides a noninvasive estimate of arterial blood pressure. It can be obtained by using to two sensors, which are measuring the time differences between arrivals of the pulse waves. Due to separated time chips a clock drift emerges, which is strongly influencing the PTT. In this work, we present an algorithm which responds to alterations in the PTT, considering the clock drift and enabling the noninvasive monitoring of blood pressure alterations using separated sensors. Furthermore we investigated whether seizures can be detected using the PTT. Our results indicate that using the algorithm, it is possible to detect seizures with a Random Forest. Using the PTT along with other signals in a multimodal approach, the detection of seizures with subtle symptoms could thereby be improved.      
### 29.PU-Flow: a Point Cloud Upsampling Networkwith Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05893.pdf)
>  Point cloud upsampling aims to generate dense point clouds from given sparse ones, which is a challenging task due to the irregular and unordered nature of point sets. To address this issue, we present a novel deep learning-based model, called PU-Flow,which incorporates normalizing flows and feature interpolation techniques to produce dense points uniformly distributed on the underlying surface. Specifically, we formulate the upsampling process as point interpolation in a latent space, where the interpolation weights are adaptively learned from local geometric context, and exploit the invertible characteristics of normalizing flows to transform points between Euclidean and latent spaces. We evaluate PU-Flow on a wide range of 3D models with sharp features and high-frequency details. Qualitative and quantitative results show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art deep learning-based approaches in terms of reconstruction quality, proximity-to-surface accuracy, and computation efficiency.      
### 30.ST-DETR: Spatio-Temporal Object Traces Attention Detection Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05887.pdf)
>  We propose ST-DETR, a Spatio-Temporal Transformer-based architecture for object detection from a sequence of temporal frames. We treat the temporal frames as sequences in both space and time and employ the full attention mechanisms to take advantage of the features correlations over both dimensions. This treatment enables us to deal with frames sequence as temporal object features traces over every location in the space. We explore two possible approaches; the early spatial features aggregation over the temporal dimension, and the late temporal aggregation of object query spatial features. Moreover, we propose a novel Temporal Positional Embedding technique to encode the time sequence information. To evaluate our approach, we choose the Moving Object Detection (MOD)task, since it is a perfect candidate to showcase the importance of the temporal dimension. Results show a significant 5% mAP improvement on the KITTI MOD dataset over the 1-step spatial baseline.      
### 31.Towards Building a Food Knowledge Graph for Internet of Food  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05869.pdf)
>  Background: The deployment of various networks (e.g., Internet of Things (IoT) and mobile networks) and databases (e.g., nutrition tables and food compositional databases) in the food system generates massive information silos due to the well-known data harmonization problem. The food knowledge graph provides a unified and standardized conceptual terminology and their relationships in a structured form and thus can transform these information silos across the whole food system to a more reusable globally digitally connected Internet of Food, enabling every stage of the food system from farm-to-fork. <br>Scope and approach: We review the evolution of food knowledge organization, from food classification, food ontology to food knowledge graphs. We then discuss the progress in food knowledge graphs from several representative applications. We finally discuss the main challenges and future directions. <br>Key findings and conclusions: Our comprehensive summary of current research on food knowledge graphs shows that food knowledge graphs play an important role in food-oriented applications, including food search and Question Answering (QA), personalized dietary recommendation, food analysis and visualization, food traceability, and food machinery intelligent manufacturing. Future directions for food knowledge graphs cover several fields such as multimodal food knowledge graphs and food intelligence.      
### 32.eProduct: A Million-Scale Visual Search Benchmark to Address Product Recognition Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05856.pdf)
>  Large-scale product recognition is one of the major applications of computer vision and machine learning in the e-commerce domain. Since the number of products is typically much larger than the number of categories of products, image-based product recognition is often cast as a visual search rather than a classification problem. It is also one of the instances of super fine-grained recognition, where there are many products with slight or subtle visual differences. It has always been a challenge to create a benchmark dataset for training and evaluation on various visual search solutions in a real-world setting. This motivated creation of eProduct, a dataset consisting of 2.5 million product images towards accelerating development in the areas of self-supervised learning, weakly-supervised learning, and multimodal learning, for fine-grained recognition. We present eProduct as a training set and an evaluation set, where the training set contains 1.3M+ listing images with titles and hierarchical category labels, for model development, and the evaluation set includes 10,000 query and 1.1 million index images for visual search evaluation. We will present eProduct's construction steps, provide analysis about its diversity and cover the performance of baseline models trained on it.      
### 33.NucMM Dataset: 3D Neuronal Nuclei Instance Segmentation at Sub-Cubic Millimeter Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05840.pdf)
>  Segmenting 3D cell nuclei from microscopy image volumes is critical for biological and clinical analysis, enabling the study of cellular expression patterns and cell lineages. However, current datasets for neuronal nuclei usually contain volumes smaller than $10^{\text{-}3}\ mm^3$ with fewer than 500 instances per volume, unable to reveal the complexity in large brain regions and restrict the investigation of neuronal structures. In this paper, we have pushed the task forward to the sub-cubic millimeter scale and curated the NucMM dataset with two fully annotated volumes: one $0.1\ mm^3$ electron microscopy (EM) volume containing nearly the entire zebrafish brain with around 170,000 nuclei; and one $0.25\ mm^3$ micro-CT (uCT) volume containing part of a mouse visual cortex with about 7,000 nuclei. With two imaging modalities and significantly increased volume size and instance numbers, we discover a great diversity of neuronal nuclei in appearance and density, introducing new challenges to the field. We also perform a statistical analysis to illustrate those challenges quantitatively. To tackle the challenges, we propose a novel hybrid-representation learning model that combines the merits of foreground mask, contour map, and signed distance transform to produce high-quality 3D masks. The benchmark comparisons on the NucMM dataset show that our proposed method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art nuclei segmentation approaches. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://connectomics-bazaar.github.io/proj/nucMM/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.ReLLIE: Deep Reinforcement Learning for Customized Low-Light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05830.pdf)
>  Low-light image enhancement (LLIE) is a pervasive yet challenging problem, since: 1) low-light measurements may vary due to different imaging conditions in practice; 2) images can be enlightened subjectively according to diverse preferences by each individual. To tackle these two challenges, this paper presents a novel deep reinforcement learning based method, dubbed ReLLIE, for customized low-light enhancement. ReLLIE models LLIE as a markov decision process, i.e., estimating the pixel-wise image-specific curves sequentially and recurrently. Given the reward computed from a set of carefully crafted non-reference loss functions, a lightweight network is proposed to estimate the curves for enlightening of a low-light image input. As ReLLIE learns a policy instead of one-one image translation, it can handle various low-light measurements and provide customized enhanced outputs by flexibly applying the policy different times. Furthermore, ReLLIE can enhance real-world images with hybrid corruptions, e.g., noise, by using a plug-and-play denoiser easily. Extensive experiments on various benchmarks demonstrate the advantages of ReLLIE, comparing to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 35.Dynamic Distribution of Edge Intelligence at the Node Level for Internet of Things  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05828.pdf)
>  In this paper, dynamic deployment of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture is proposed utilizing only IoT-level devices. By partitioning and pipelining the CNN, it horizontally distributes the computation load among resource-constrained devices (called horizontal collaboration), which in turn increases the throughput. Through partitioning, we can decrease the computation and energy consumption on individual IoT devices and increase the throughput without sacrificing accuracy. Also, by processing the data at the generation point, data privacy can be achieved. The results show that throughput can be increased by 1.55x to 1.75x for sharing the CNN into two and three resource-constrained devices, respectively.      
### 36.Detect and Locate: A Face Anti-Manipulation Approach with Semantic and Noise-level Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05821.pdf)
>  The technological advancements of deep learning have enabled sophisticated face manipulation schemes, raising severe trust issues and security concerns in modern society. Generally speaking, detecting manipulated faces and locating the potentially altered regions are challenging tasks. Herein, we propose a conceptually simple but effective method to efficiently detect forged faces in an image while simultaneously locating the manipulated regions. The proposed scheme relies on a segmentation map that delivers meaningful high-level semantic information clues about the image. Furthermore, a noise map is estimated, playing a complementary role in capturing low-level clues and subsequently empowering decision-making. Finally, the features from these two modules are combined to distinguish fake faces. Extensive experiments show that the proposed model achieves state-of-the-art detection accuracy and remarkable localization performance.      
### 37.Multitask Identity-Aware Image Steganography via Minimax Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05819.pdf)
>  High-capacity image steganography, aimed at concealing a secret image in a cover image, is a technique to preserve sensitive data, e.g., faces and fingerprints. Previous methods focus on the security during transmission and subsequently run a risk of privacy leakage after the restoration of secret images at the receiving end. To address this issue, we propose a framework, called Multitask Identity-Aware Image Steganography (MIAIS), to achieve direct recognition on container images without restoring secret images. The key issue of the direct recognition is to preserve identity information of secret images into container images and make container images look similar to cover images at the same time. Thus, we introduce a simple content loss to preserve the identity information, and design a minimax optimization to deal with the contradictory aspects. We demonstrate that the robustness results can be transferred across different cover datasets. In order to be flexible for the secret image restoration in some cases, we incorporate an optional restoration network into our method, providing a multitask framework. The experiments under the multitask scenario show the effectiveness of our framework compared with other visual information hiding methods and state-of-the-art high-capacity image steganography methods.      
### 38.Visual Parser: Representing Part-whole Hierarchies with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05790.pdf)
>  Human vision is able to capture the part-whole hierarchical information from the entire scene. This paper presents the Visual Parser (ViP) that explicitly constructs such a hierarchy with transformers. ViP divides visual representations into two levels, the part level and the whole level. Information of each part represents a combination of several independent vectors within the whole. To model the representations of the two levels, we first encode the information from the whole into part vectors through an attention mechanism, then decode the global information within the part vectors back into the whole representation. By iteratively parsing the two levels with the proposed encoder-decoder interaction, the model can gradually refine the features on both levels. Experimental results demonstrate that ViP can achieve very competitive performance on three major tasks e.g. classification, detection and instance segmentation. In particular, it can surpass the previous state-of-the-art CNN backbones by a large margin on object detection. The tiny model of the ViP family with $7.2\times$ fewer parameters and $10.9\times$ fewer FLOPS can perform comparably with the largest model ResNeXt-101-64$\times$4d of ResNe(X)t family. Visualization results also demonstrate that the learnt parts are highly informative of the predicting class, making ViP more explainable than previous fundamental architectures. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kevin-ssy/ViP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Detect and Defense Against Adversarial Examples in Deep Learning using Natural Scene Statistics and Adaptive Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05780.pdf)
>  Despite the enormous performance of deepneural networks (DNNs), recent studies have shown theirvulnerability to adversarial examples (AEs), i.e., care-fully perturbed inputs designed to fool the targetedDNN. Currently, the literature is rich with many ef-fective attacks to craft such AEs. Meanwhile, many de-fenses strategies have been developed to mitigate thisvulnerability. However, these latter showed their effec-tiveness against specific attacks and does not general-ize well to different attacks. In this paper, we proposea framework for defending DNN classifier against ad-versarial samples. The proposed method is based on atwo-stage framework involving a separate detector anda denoising block. The detector aims to detect AEs bycharacterizing them through the use of natural scenestatistic (NSS), where we demonstrate that these statis-tical features are altered by the presence of adversarialperturbations. The denoiser is based on block matching3D (BM3D) filter fed by an optimum threshold valueestimated by a convolutional neural network (CNN) toproject back the samples detected as AEs into theirdata manifold. We conducted a complete evaluation onthree standard datasets namely MNIST, CIFAR-10 andTiny-ImageNet. The experimental results show that theproposed defense method outperforms the state-of-the-art defense techniques by improving the robustnessagainst a set of attacks under black-box, gray-box and white-box settings. The source code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kherchouche-anouar/2DAE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 40.Fast and Explicit Neural View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05775.pdf)
>  We study the problem of novel view synthesis of a scene comprised of 3D objects. We propose a simple yet effective approach that is neither continuous nor implicit, challenging recent trends on view synthesis. We demonstrate that although continuous radiance field representations have gained a lot of attention due to their expressive power, our simple approach obtains comparable or even better novel view reconstruction quality comparing with state-of-the-art baselines while increasing rendering speed by over 400x. Our model is trained in a category-agnostic manner and does not require scene-specific optimization. Therefore, it is able to generalize novel view synthesis to object categories not seen during training. In addition, we show that with our simple formulation, we can use view synthesis as a self-supervision signal for efficient learning of 3D geometry without explicit 3D supervision.      
### 41.Affect Expression Behaviour Analysis in the Wild using Consensual Collaborative Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05736.pdf)
>  Facial expression recognition (FER) in the wild is crucial for building reliable human-computer interactive systems. However, annotations of large scale datasets in FER has been a key challenge as these datasets suffer from noise due to various factors like crowd sourcing, subjectivity of annotators, poor quality of images, automatic labelling based on key word search etc. Such noisy annotations impede the performance of FER due to the memorization ability of deep networks. During early learning stage, deep networks fit on clean data. Then, eventually, they start overfitting on noisy labels due to their memorization ability, which limits FER performance. This report presents Consensual Collaborative Training (CCT) framework used in our submission to expression recognition track of the Affective Behaviour Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) 2021 competition. CCT co-trains three networks jointly using a convex combination of supervision loss and consistency loss, without making any assumption about the noise distribution. A dynamic transition mechanism is used to move from supervision loss in early learning to consistency loss for consensus of predictions among networks in the later stage. Co-training reduces overall error, and consistency loss prevents overfitting to noisy samples. The performance of the model is validated on challenging Aff-Wild2 dataset for categorical expression classification. Our code is made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/1980x/ABAW2021DMACS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Bayesian Atlas Building with Hierarchical Priors for Subject-specific Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05698.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel hierarchical Bayesian model for unbiased atlas building with subject-specific regularizations of image registration. We develop an atlas construction process that automatically selects parameters to control the smoothness of diffeomorphic transformation according to individual image data. To achieve this, we introduce a hierarchical prior distribution on regularization parameters that allows multiple penalties on images with various degrees of geometric transformations. We then treat the regularization parameters as latent variables and integrate them out from the model by using the Monte Carlo Expectation Maximization (MCEM) algorithm. Another advantage of our algorithm is that it eliminates the need for manual parameter tuning, which can be tedious and infeasible. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our model on 3D brain MR images. Experimental results show that our model provides a sharper atlas compared to the current atlas building algorithms with single-penalty regularizations. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jw4hv/HierarchicalBayesianAtlasBuild" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Locally Enhanced Self-Attention: Rethinking Self-Attention as Local and Context Terms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05637.pdf)
>  Self-Attention has become prevalent in computer vision models. Inspired by fully connected Conditional Random Fields (CRFs), we decompose it into local and context terms. They correspond to the unary and binary terms in CRF and are implemented by attention mechanisms with projection matrices. We observe that the unary terms only make small contributions to the outputs, and meanwhile standard CNNs that rely solely on the unary terms achieve great performances on a variety of tasks. Therefore, we propose Locally Enhanced Self-Attention (LESA), which enhances the unary term by incorporating it with convolutions, and utilizes a fusion module to dynamically couple the unary and binary operations. In our experiments, we replace the self-attention modules with LESA. The results on ImageNet and COCO show the superiority of LESA over convolution and self-attention baselines for the tasks of image recognition, object detection, and instance segmentation. The code is made publicly available.      
### 44.DDCNet-Multires: Effective Receptive Field Guided Multiresolution CNN for Dense Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05634.pdf)
>  Dense optical flow estimation is challenging when there are large displacements in a scene with heterogeneous motion dynamics, occlusion, and scene homogeneity. Traditional approaches to handle these challenges include hierarchical and multiresolution processing methods. Learning-based optical flow methods typically use a multiresolution approach with image warping when a broad range of flow velocities and heterogeneous motion is present. Accuracy of such coarse-to-fine methods is affected by the ghosting artifacts when images are warped across multiple resolutions and by the vanishing problem in smaller scene extents with higher motion contrast. Previously, we devised strategies for building compact dense prediction networks guided by the effective receptive field (ERF) characteristics of the network (DDCNet). The DDCNet design was intentionally simple and compact allowing it to be used as a building block for designing more complex yet compact networks. In this work, we extend the DDCNet strategies to handle heterogeneous motion dynamics by cascading DDCNet based sub-nets with decreasing extents of their ERF. Our DDCNet with multiresolution capability (DDCNet-Multires) is compact without any specialized network layers. We evaluate the performance of the DDCNet-Multires network using standard optical flow benchmark datasets. Our experiments demonstrate that DDCNet-Multires improves over the DDCNet-B0 and -B1 and provides optical flow estimates with accuracy comparable to similar lightweight learning-based methods.      
### 45.Attention based CNN-LSTM Network for Pulmonary Embolism Prediction on Chest Computed Tomography Pulmonary Angiograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06276.pdf)
>  With more than 60,000 deaths annually in the United States, Pulmonary Embolism (PE) is among the most fatal cardiovascular diseases. It is caused by an artery blockage in the lung; confirming its presence is time-consuming and is prone to over-diagnosis. The utilization of automated PE detection systems is critical for diagnostic accuracy and efficiency. In this study we propose a two-stage attention-based CNN-LSTM network for predicting PE, its associated type (chronic, acute) and corresponding location (leftsided, rightsided or central) on computed tomography (CT) examinations. We trained our model on the largest available public Computed Tomography Pulmonary Angiogram PE dataset (RSNA-STR Pulmonary Embolism CT (RSPECT) Dataset, N=7279 CT studies) and tested it on an in-house curated dataset of N=106 studies. Our framework mirrors the radiologic diagnostic process via a multi-slice approach so that the accuracy and pathologic sequela of true pulmonary emboli may be meticulously assessed, enabling physicians to better appraise the morbidity of a PE when present. Our proposed method outperformed a baseline CNN classifier and a single-stage CNN-LSTM network, achieving an AUC of 0.95 on the test set for detecting the presence of PE in the study.      
### 46.Attention-Guided Progressive Neural Texture Fusion for High Dynamic Range Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06211.pdf)
>  High Dynamic Range (HDR) imaging via multi-exposure fusion is an important task for most modern imaging platforms. In spite of recent developments in both hardware and algorithm innovations, challenges remain over content association ambiguities caused by saturation, motion, and various artifacts introduced during multi-exposure fusion such as ghosting, noise, and blur. In this work, we propose an Attention-guided Progressive Neural Texture Fusion (APNT-Fusion) HDR restoration model which aims to address these issues within one framework. An efficient two-stream structure is proposed which separately focuses on texture feature transfer over saturated regions and multi-exposure tonal and texture feature fusion. A neural feature transfer mechanism is proposed which establishes spatial correspondence between different exposures based on multi-scale VGG features in the masked saturated HDR domain for discriminative contextual clues over the ambiguous image areas. A progressive texture blending module is designed to blend the encoded two-stream features in a multi-scale and progressive manner. In addition, we introduce several novel attention mechanisms, i.e., the motion attention module detects and suppresses the content discrepancies among the reference images; the saturation attention module facilitates differentiating the misalignment caused by saturation from those caused by motion; and the scale attention module ensures texture blending consistency between different coder/decoder scales. We carry out comprehensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations and ablation studies, which validate that these novel modules work coherently under the same framework and outperform state-of-the-art methods.      
### 47.Generative Adversarial Learning via Kernel Density Discrimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06197.pdf)
>  We introduce Kernel Density Discrimination GAN (KDD GAN), a novel method for generative adversarial learning. KDD GAN formulates the training as a likelihood ratio optimization problem where the data distributions are written explicitly via (local) Kernel Density Estimates (KDE). This is inspired by the recent progress in contrastive learning and its relation to KDE. We define the KDEs directly in feature space and forgo the requirement of invertibility of the kernel feature mappings. In our approach, features are no longer optimized for linear separability, as in the original GAN formulation, but for the more general discrimination of distributions in the feature space. We analyze the gradient of our loss with respect to the feature representation and show that it is better behaved than that of the original hinge loss. We perform experiments with the proposed KDE-based loss, used either as a training loss or a regularization term, on both CIFAR10 and scaled versions of ImageNet. We use BigGAN/SA-GAN as a backbone and baseline, since our focus is not to design the architecture of the networks. We show a boost in the quality of generated samples with respect to FID from 10% to 40% compared to the baseline. Code will be made available.      
### 48.A Survey of Applications of Artificial Intelligence for Myocardial Infarction Disease Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06179.pdf)
>  Myocardial infarction disease (MID) is caused to the rapid progress of undiagnosed coronary artery disease (CAD) that indicates the injury of a heart cell by decreasing the blood flow to the cardiac muscles. MID is the leading cause of death in middle-aged and elderly subjects all over the world. In general, raw Electrocardiogram (ECG) signals are tested for MID identification by clinicians that is exhausting, time-consuming, and expensive. Artificial intelligence-based methods are proposed to handle the problems to diagnose MID on the ECG signals automatically. Hence, in this survey paper, artificial intelligence-based methods, including machine learning and deep learning, are review for MID diagnosis on the ECG signals. Using the methods demonstrate that the feature extraction and selection of ECG signals required to be handcrafted in the ML methods. In contrast, these tasks are explored automatically in the DL methods. Based on our best knowledge, Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) methods are highly required methods developed for the early diagnosis of MID on the ECG signals. Most researchers have tended to use DCNN methods, and no studies have surveyed using artificial intelligence methods for MID diagnosis on the ECG signals.      
### 49.Using Causal Analysis for Conceptual Deep Learning Explanation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06098.pdf)
>  Model explainability is essential for the creation of trustworthy Machine Learning models in healthcare. An ideal explanation resembles the decision-making process of a domain expert and is expressed using concepts or terminology that is meaningful to the clinicians. To provide such an explanation, we first associate the hidden units of the classifier to clinically relevant concepts. We take advantage of radiology reports accompanying the chest X-ray images to define concepts. We discover sparse associations between concepts and hidden units using a linear sparse logistic regression. To ensure that the identified units truly influence the classifier's outcome, we adopt tools from Causal Inference literature and, more specifically, mediation analysis through counterfactual interventions. Finally, we construct a low-depth decision tree to translate all the discovered concepts into a straightforward decision rule, expressed to the radiologist. We evaluated our approach on a large chest x-ray dataset, where our model produces a global explanation consistent with clinical knowledge.      
### 50.Lifting the Convex Conjugate in Lagrangian Relaxations: A Tractable Approach for Continuous Markov Random Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06028.pdf)
>  Dual decomposition approaches in nonconvex optimization may suffer from a duality gap. This poses a challenge when applying them directly to nonconvex problems such as MAP-inference in a Markov random field (MRF) with continuous state spaces. To eliminate such gaps, this paper considers a reformulation of the original nonconvex task in the space of measures. This infinite-dimensional reformulation is then approximated by a semi-infinite one, which is obtained via a piecewise polynomial discretization in the dual. We provide a geometric intuition behind the primal problem induced by the dual discretization and draw connections to optimization over moment spaces. In contrast to existing discretizations which suffer from a grid bias, we show that a piecewise polynomial discretization better preserves the continuous nature of our problem. Invoking results from optimal transport theory and convex algebraic geometry we reduce the semi-infinite program to a finite one and provide a practical implementation based on semidefinite programming. We show, experimentally and in theory, that the approach successfully reduces the duality gap. To showcase the scalability of our approach, we apply it to the stereo matching problem between two images.      
### 51.Scalable, Axiomatic Explanations of Deep Alzheimer's Diagnosis from Heterogeneous Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05997.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have an enormous potential to learn from complex biomedical data. In particular, DNNs have been used to seamlessly fuse heterogeneous information from neuroanatomy, genetics, biomarkers, and neuropsychological tests for highly accurate Alzheimer's disease diagnosis. On the other hand, their black-box nature is still a barrier for the adoption of such a system in the clinic, where interpretability is absolutely essential. We propose Shapley Value Explanation of Heterogeneous Neural Networks (SVEHNN) for explaining the Alzheimer's diagnosis made by a DNN from the 3D point cloud of the neuroanatomy and tabular biomarkers. Our explanations are based on the Shapley value, which is the unique method that satisfies all fundamental axioms for local explanations previously established in the literature. Thus, SVEHNN has many desirable characteristics that previous work on interpretability for medical decision making is lacking. To avoid the exponential time complexity of the Shapley value, we propose to transform a given DNN into a Lightweight Probabilistic Deep Network without re-training, thus achieving a complexity only quadratic in the number of features. In our experiments on synthetic and real data, we show that we can closely approximate the exact Shapley value with a dramatically reduced runtime and can reveal the hidden knowledge the network has learned from the data.      
### 52.Combining 3D Image and Tabular Data via the Dynamic Affine Feature Map Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05990.pdf)
>  Prior work on diagnosing Alzheimer's disease from magnetic resonance images of the brain established that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can leverage the high-dimensional image information for classifying patients. However, little research focused on how these models can utilize the usually low-dimensional tabular information, such as patient demographics or laboratory measurements. We introduce the Dynamic Affine Feature Map Transform (DAFT), a general-purpose module for CNNs that dynamically rescales and shifts the feature maps of a convolutional layer, conditional on a patient's tabular clinical information. We show that DAFT is highly effective in combining 3D image and tabular information for diagnosis and time-to-dementia prediction, where it outperforms competing CNNs with a mean balanced accuracy of 0.622 and mean c-index of 0.748, respectively. Our extensive ablation study provides valuable insights into the architectural properties of DAFT. Our implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ai-med/DAFT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.Detecting when pre-trained nnU-Net models fail silently for Covid-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05975.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of lung lesions in computer tomography has the potential to ease the burden of clinicians during the Covid-19 pandemic. Yet predictive deep learning models are not trusted in the clinical routine due to failing silently in out-of-distribution (OOD) data. We propose a lightweight OOD detection method that exploits the Mahalanobis distance in the feature space. The proposed approach can be seamlessly integrated into state-of-the-art segmentation pipelines without requiring changes in model architecture or training procedure, and can therefore be used to assess the suitability of pre-trained models to new data. We validate our method with a patch-based nnU-Net architecture trained with a multi-institutional dataset and find that it effectively detects samples that the model segments incorrectly.      
### 54.On Designing Good Representation Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05948.pdf)
>  The goal of representation learning is different from the ultimate objective of machine learning such as decision making, it is therefore very difficult to establish clear and direct objectives for training representation learning models. It has been argued that a good representation should disentangle the underlying variation factors, yet how to translate this into training objectives remains unknown. This paper presents an attempt to establish direct training criterions and design principles for developing good representation learning models. We propose that a good representation learning model should be maximally expressive, i.e., capable of distinguishing the maximum number of input configurations. We formally define expressiveness and introduce the maximum expressiveness (MEXS) theorem of a general learning model. We propose to train a model by maximizing its expressiveness while at the same time incorporating general priors such as model smoothness. We present a conscience competitive learning algorithm which encourages the model to reach its MEXS whilst at the same time adheres to model smoothness prior. We also introduce a label consistent training (LCT) technique to boost model smoothness by encouraging it to assign consistent labels to similar samples. We present extensive experimental results to show that our method can indeed design representation learning models capable of developing representations that are as good as or better than state of the art. We also show that our technique is computationally efficient, robust against different parameter settings and can work effectively on a variety of datasets.      
### 55.AlterSGD: Finding Flat Minima for Continual Learning by Alternative Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05804.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks suffer from catastrophic forgetting when learning multiple knowledge sequentially, and a growing number of approaches have been proposed to mitigate this problem. Some of these methods achieved considerable performance by associating the flat local minima with forgetting mitigation in continual learning. However, they inevitably need (1) tedious hyperparameters tuning, and (2) additional computational cost. To alleviate these problems, in this paper, we propose a simple yet effective optimization method, called AlterSGD, to search for a flat minima in the loss landscape. In AlterSGD, we conduct gradient descent and ascent alternatively when the network tends to converge at each session of learning new knowledge. Moreover, we theoretically prove that such a strategy can encourage the optimization to converge to a flat minima. We verify AlterSGD on continual learning benchmark for semantic segmentation and the empirical results show that we can significantly mitigate the forgetting and outperform the state-of-the-art methods with a large margin under challenging continual learning protocols.      
### 56.Kit-Net: Self-Supervised Learning to Kit Novel 3D Objects into Novel 3D Cavities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05789.pdf)
>  In industrial part kitting, 3D objects are inserted into cavities for transportation or subsequent assembly. Kitting is a critical step as it can decrease downstream processing and handling times and enable lower storage and shipping costs. We present Kit-Net, a framework for kitting previously unseen 3D objects into cavities given depth images of both the target cavity and an object held by a gripper in an unknown initial orientation. Kit-Net uses self-supervised deep learning and data augmentation to train a convolutional neural network (CNN) to robustly estimate 3D rotations between objects and matching concave or convex cavities using a large training dataset of simulated depth images pairs. Kit-Net then uses the trained CNN to implement a controller to orient and position novel objects for insertion into novel prismatic and conformal 3D cavities. Experiments in simulation suggest that Kit-Net can orient objects to have a 98.9% average intersection volume between the object mesh and that of the target cavity. Physical experiments with industrial objects succeed in 18% of trials using a baseline method and in 63% of trials with Kit-Net. Video, code, and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BerkeleyAutomation/Kit-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.Combiner: Full Attention Transformer with Sparse Computation Cost  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05768.pdf)
>  Transformers provide a class of expressive architectures that are extremely effective for sequence modeling. However, the key limitation of transformers is their quadratic memory and time complexity $\mathcal{O}(L^2)$ with respect to the sequence length in attention layers, which restricts application in extremely long sequences. Most existing approaches leverage sparsity or low-rank assumptions in the attention matrix to reduce cost, but sacrifice expressiveness. Instead, we propose Combiner, which provides full attention capability in each attention head while maintaining low computation and memory complexity. The key idea is to treat the self-attention mechanism as a conditional expectation over embeddings at each location, and approximate the conditional distribution with a structured factorization. Each location can attend to all other locations, either via direct attention, or through indirect attention to abstractions, which are again conditional expectations of embeddings from corresponding local regions. We show that most sparse attention patterns used in existing sparse transformers are able to inspire the design of such factorization for full attention, resulting in the same sub-quadratic cost ($\mathcal{O}(L\log(L))$ or $\mathcal{O}(L\sqrt{L})$). Combiner is a drop-in replacement for attention layers in existing transformers and can be easily implemented in common frameworks. An experimental evaluation on both autoregressive and bidirectional sequence tasks demonstrates the effectiveness of this approach, yielding state-of-the-art results on several image and text modeling tasks.      
### 58.EvoBA: An Evolution Strategy as a Strong Baseline forBlack-Box Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05754.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown how easily white-box adversarial attacks can be applied to state-of-the-art image classifiers. However, real-life scenarios resemble more the black-box adversarial conditions, lacking transparency and usually imposing natural, hard constraints on the query budget. <br>We propose $\textbf{EvoBA}$, a black-box adversarial attack based on a surprisingly simple evolutionary search strategy. $\textbf{EvoBA}$ is query-efficient, minimizes $L_0$ adversarial perturbations, and does not require any form of training. <br>$\textbf{EvoBA}$ shows efficiency and efficacy through results that are in line with much more complex state-of-the-art black-box attacks such as $\textbf{AutoZOOM}$. It is more query-efficient than $\textbf{SimBA}$, a simple and powerful baseline black-box attack, and has a similar level of complexity. Therefore, we propose it both as a new strong baseline for black-box adversarial attacks and as a fast and general tool for gaining empirical insight into how robust image classifiers are with respect to $L_0$ adversarial perturbations. <br>There exist fast and reliable $L_2$ black-box attacks, such as $\textbf{SimBA}$, and $L_{\infty}$ black-box attacks, such as $\textbf{DeepSearch}$. We propose $\textbf{EvoBA}$ as a query-efficient $L_0$ black-box adversarial attack which, together with the aforementioned methods, can serve as a generic tool to assess the empirical robustness of image classifiers. The main advantages of such methods are that they run fast, are query-efficient, and can easily be integrated in image classifiers development pipelines. <br>While our attack minimises the $L_0$ adversarial perturbation, we also report $L_2$, and notice that we compare favorably to the state-of-the-art $L_2$ black-box attack, $\textbf{AutoZOOM}$, and of the $L_2$ strong baseline, $\textbf{SimBA}$.      
### 59.SoftHebb: Bayesian inference in unsupervised Hebbian soft winner-take-all networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05747.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art artificial neural networks (ANNs) require labelled data or feedback between layers, are often biologically implausible, and are vulnerable to adversarial attacks that humans are not susceptible to. On the other hand, Hebbian learning in winner-take-all (WTA) networks, is unsupervised, feed-forward, and biologically plausible. However, an objective optimization theory for WTA networks has been missing, except under very limiting assumptions. Here we derive formally such a theory, based on biologically plausible but generic ANN elements. Through Hebbian learning, network parameters maintain a Bayesian generative model of the data. There is no supervisory loss function, but the network does minimize cross-entropy between its activations and the input distribution. The key is a "soft" WTA where there is no absolute "hard" winner neuron, and a specific type of Hebbian-like plasticity of weights and biases. We confirm our theory in practice, where, in handwritten digit (MNIST) recognition, our Hebbian algorithm, SoftHebb, minimizes cross-entropy without having access to it, and outperforms the more frequently used, hard-WTA-based method. Strikingly, it even outperforms supervised end-to-end backpropagation, under certain conditions. Specifically, in a two-layered network, SoftHebb outperforms backpropagation when the training dataset is only presented once, when the testing data is noisy, and under gradient-based adversarial attacks. Adversarial attacks that confuse SoftHebb are also confusing to the human eye. Finally, the model can generate interpolations of objects from its input distribution.      
### 60.Hidden Convexity of Wasserstein GANs: Interpretable Generative Models with Closed-Form Solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05680.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are commonly used for modeling complex distributions of data. Both the generators and discriminators of GANs are often modeled by neural networks, posing a non-transparent optimization problem which is non-convex and non-concave over the generator and discriminator, respectively. Such networks are often heuristically optimized with gradient descent-ascent (GDA), but it is unclear whether the optimization problem contains any saddle points, or whether heuristic methods can find them in practice. In this work, we analyze the training of Wasserstein GANs with two-layer neural network discriminators through the lens of convex duality, and for a variety of generators expose the conditions under which Wasserstein GANs can be solved exactly with convex optimization approaches, or can be represented as convex-concave games. Using this convex duality interpretation, we further demonstrate the impact of different activation functions of the discriminator. Our observations are verified with numerical results demonstrating the power of the convex interpretation, with applications in progressive training of convex architectures corresponding to linear generators and quadratic-activation discriminators for CelebA image generation. The code for our experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ardasahiner/ProCoGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
