# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 19 Jul 2021
### 1.Representation Consolidation for Training Expert Students  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.08039.pdf)
>  Traditionally, distillation has been used to train a student model to emulate the input/output functionality of a teacher. A more useful goal than emulation, yet under-explored, is for the student to learn feature representations that transfer well to future tasks. However, we observe that standard distillation of task-specific teachers actually *reduces* the transferability of student representations to downstream tasks. We show that a multi-head, multi-task distillation method using an unlabeled proxy dataset and a generalist teacher is sufficient to consolidate representations from task-specific teacher(s) and improve downstream performance, outperforming the teacher(s) and the strong baseline of ImageNet pretrained features. Our method can also combine the representational knowledge of multiple teachers trained on one or multiple domains into a single model, whose representation is improved on all teachers' domain(s).      
### 2.CCVS: Context-aware Controllable Video Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.08037.pdf)
>  This presentation introduces a self-supervised learning approach to the synthesis of new video clips from old ones, with several new key elements for improved spatial resolution and realism: It conditions the synthesis process on contextual information for temporal continuity and ancillary information for fine control. The prediction model is doubly autoregressive, in the latent space of an autoencoder for forecasting, and in image space for updating contextual information, which is also used to enforce spatio-temporal consistency through a learnable optical flow module. Adversarial training of the autoencoder in the appearance and temporal domains is used to further improve the realism of its output. A quantizer inserted between the encoder and the transformer in charge of forecasting future frames in latent space (and its inverse inserted between the transformer and the decoder) adds even more flexibility by affording simple mechanisms for handling multimodal ancillary information for controlling the synthesis process (eg, a few sample frames, an audio track, a trajectory in image space) and taking into account the intrinsically uncertain nature of the future by allowing multiple predictions. Experiments with an implementation of the proposed approach give very good qualitative and quantitative results on multiple tasks and standard benchmarks.      
### 3.Is attention to bounding boxes all you need for pedestrian action prediction?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.08031.pdf)
>  The human driver is no longer the only one concerned with the complexity of the driving scenarios. Autonomous vehicles (AV) are similarly becoming involved in the process. Nowadays, the development of AV in urban places underpins essential safety concerns for vulnerable road users (VRUs) such as pedestrians. Therefore, to make the roads safer, it is critical to classify and predict their future behavior. In this paper, we present a framework based on multiple variations of the Transformer models to reason attentively about the dynamic evolution of the pedestrians' past trajectory and predict its future actions of crossing or not crossing the street. We proved that using only bounding boxes as input to our model can outperform the previous state-of-the-art models and reach a prediction accuracy of 91 % and an F1-score of 0.83 on the PIE dataset up to two seconds ahead in the future. In addition, we introduced a large-size simulated dataset (CP2A) using CARLA for action prediction. Our model has similarly reached high accuracy (91 %) and F1-score (0.91) on this dataset. Interestingly, we showed that pre-training our Transformer model on the simulated dataset and then fine-tuning it on the real dataset can be very effective for the action prediction task.      
### 4.All the attention you need: Global-local, spatial-channel attention for image retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.08000.pdf)
>  We address representation learning for large-scale instance-level image retrieval. Apart from backbone, training pipelines and loss functions, popular approaches have focused on different spatial pooling and attention mechanisms, which are at the core of learning a powerful global image representation. There are different forms of attention according to the interaction of elements of the feature tensor (local and global) and the dimensions where it is applied (spatial and channel). Unfortunately, each study addresses only one or two forms of attention and applies it to different problems like classification, detection or retrieval. <br>We present global-local attention module (GLAM), which is attached at the end of a backbone network and incorporates all four forms of attention: local and global, spatial and channel. We obtain a new feature tensor and, by spatial pooling, we learn a powerful embedding for image retrieval. Focusing on global descriptors, we provide empirical evidence of the interaction of all forms of attention and improve the state of the art on standard benchmarks.      
### 5.Controlled AutoEncoders to Generate Faces from Voices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07988.pdf)
>  Multiple studies in the past have shown that there is a strong correlation between human vocal characteristics and facial features. However, existing approaches generate faces simply from voice, without exploring the set of features that contribute to these observed correlations. A computational methodology to explore this can be devised by rephrasing the question to: "how much would a target face have to change in order to be perceived as the originator of a source voice?" With this in perspective, we propose a framework to morph a target face in response to a given voice in a way that facial features are implicitly guided by learned voice-face correlation in this paper. Our framework includes a guided autoencoder that converts one face to another, controlled by a unique model-conditioning component called a gating controller which modifies the reconstructed face based on input voice recordings. We evaluate the framework on VoxCelab and VGGFace datasets through human subjects and face retrieval. Various experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model.      
### 6.Deep Learning to Ternary Hash Codes by Continuation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07987.pdf)
>  Recently, it has been observed that {0,1,-1}-ternary codes which are simply generated from deep features by hard thresholding, tend to outperform {-1,1}-binary codes in image retrieval. To obtain better ternary codes, we for the first time propose to jointly learn the features with the codes by appending a smoothed function to the networks. During training, the function could evolve into a non-smoothed ternary function by a continuation method. The method circumvents the difficulty of directly training discrete functions and reduces the quantization errors of ternary codes. Experiments show that the generated codes indeed could achieve higher retrieval accuracy.      
### 7.Painting Style-Aware Manga Colorization Based on Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07943.pdf)
>  Japanese comics (called manga) are traditionally created in monochrome format. In recent years, in addition to monochrome comics, full color comics, a more attractive medium, have appeared. Unfortunately, color comics require manual colorization, which incurs high labor costs. Although automatic colorization methods have been recently proposed, most of them are designed for illustrations, not for comics. Unlike illustrations, since comics are composed of many consecutive images, the painting style must be consistent. To realize consistent colorization, we propose here a semi-automatic colorization method based on generative adversarial networks (GAN); the method learns the painting style of a specific comic from small amount of training data. The proposed method takes a pair of a screen tone image and a flat colored image as input, and outputs a colorized image. Experiments show that the proposed method achieves better performance than the existing alternatives.      
### 8.Panoptic Segmentation of Satellite Image Time Series with Convolutional Temporal Attention Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07933.pdf)
>  Unprecedented access to multi-temporal satellite imagery has opened new perspectives for a variety of Earth observation tasks. Among them, pixel-precise panoptic segmentation of agricultural parcels has major economic and environmental implications. While researchers have explored this problem for single images, we argue that the complex temporal patterns of crop phenology are better addressed with temporal sequences of images. In this paper, we present the first end-to-end, single-stage method for panoptic segmentation of Satellite Image Time Series (SITS). This module can be combined with our novel image sequence encoding network which relies on temporal self-attention to extract rich and adaptive multi-scale spatio-temporal features. We also introduce PASTIS, the first open-access SITS dataset with panoptic annotations. We demonstrate the superiority of our encoder for semantic segmentation against multiple competing architectures, and set up the first state-of-the-art of panoptic segmentation of SITS. Our implementation and PASTIS are publicly available.      
### 9.A Survey on Deep Domain Adaptation and Tiny Object Detection Challenges, Techniques and Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07927.pdf)
>  This survey paper specially analyzed computer vision-based object detection challenges and solutions by different techniques. We mainly highlighted object detection by three different trending strategies, i.e., 1) domain adaptive deep learning-based approaches (discrepancy-based, Adversarial-based, Reconstruction-based, Hybrid). We examined general as well as tiny object detection-related challenges and offered solutions by historical and comparative analysis. In part 2) we mainly focused on tiny object detection techniques (multi-scale feature learning, Data augmentation, Training strategy (TS), Context-based detection, GAN-based detection). In part 3), To obtain knowledge-able findings, we discussed different object detection methods, i.e., convolutions and convolutional neural networks (CNN), pooling operations with trending types. Furthermore, we explained results with the help of some object detection algorithms, i.e., R-CNN, Fast R-CNN, Faster R-CNN, YOLO, and SSD, which are generally considered the base bone of CV, CNN, and OD. We performed comparative analysis on different datasets such as MS-COCO, PASCAL VOC07,12, and ImageNet to analyze results and present findings. At the end, we showed future directions with existing challenges of the field. In the future, OD methods and models can be analyzed for real-time object detection, tracking strategies.      
### 10.A Survey on Bias in Visual Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07919.pdf)
>  Computer Vision (CV) has achieved remarkable results, outperforming humans in several tasks. Nonetheless, it may result in major discrimination if not dealt with proper care. CV systems highly depend on the data they are fed with and can learn and amplify biases within such data. Thus, both the problems of understanding and discovering biases are of utmost importance. Yet, to date there is no comprehensive survey on bias in visual datasets. To this end, this work aims to: i) describe the biases that can affect visual datasets; ii) review the literature on methods for bias discovery and quantification in visual datasets; iii) discuss existing attempts to collect bias-aware visual datasets. A key conclusion of our study is that the problem of bias discovery and quantification in visual datasets is still open and there is room for improvement in terms of both methods and the range of biases that can be addressed; moreover, there is no such thing as a bias-free dataset, so scientists and practitioners must become aware of the biases in their datasets and make them explicit. To this end, we propose a checklist that can be used to spot different types of bias during visual dataset collection.      
### 11.Unsupervised Discovery of Object Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07905.pdf)
>  We study the problem of inferring an object-centric scene representation from a single image, aiming to derive a representation that explains the image formation process, captures the scene's 3D nature, and is learned without supervision. Most existing methods on scene decomposition lack one or more of these characteristics, due to the fundamental challenge in integrating the complex 3D-to-2D image formation process into powerful inference schemes like deep networks. In this paper, we propose unsupervised discovery of Object Radiance Fields (uORF), integrating recent progresses in neural 3D scene representations and rendering with deep inference networks for unsupervised 3D scene decomposition. Trained on multi-view RGB images without annotations, uORF learns to decompose complex scenes with diverse, textured background from a single image. We show that uORF performs well on unsupervised 3D scene segmentation, novel view synthesis, and scene editing on three datasets.      
### 12.Progressive Deep Video Dehazing without Explicit Alignment Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07837.pdf)
>  To solve the issue of video dehazing, there are two main tasks to attain: how to align adjacent frames to the reference frame; how to restore the reference frame. Some papers adopt explicit approaches (e.g., the Markov random field, optical flow, deformable convolution, 3D convolution) to align neighboring frames with the reference frame in feature space or image space, they then use various restoration methods to achieve the final dehazing results. In this paper, we propose a progressive alignment and restoration method for video dehazing. The alignment process aligns consecutive neighboring frames stage by stage without using the optical flow estimation. The restoration process is not only implemented under the alignment process but also uses a refinement network to improve the dehazing performance of the whole network. The proposed networks include four fusion networks and one refinement network. To decrease the parameters of networks, three fusion networks in the first fusion stage share the same parameters. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed video dehazing method achieves outstanding performance against the-state-of-art methods.      
### 13.A Theoretical Analysis of Granulometry-based Roughness Measures on Cartosat DEMs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07827.pdf)
>  The study of water bodies such as rivers is an important problem in the remote sensing community. A meaningful set of quantitative features reflecting the geophysical properties help us better understand the formation and evolution of rivers. Typically, river sub-basins are analysed using Cartosat Digital Elevation Models (DEMs), obtained at regular time epochs. One of the useful geophysical features of a river sub-basin is that of a roughness measure on DEMs. However, to the best of our knowledge, there is not much literature available on theoretical analysis of roughness measures. In this article, we revisit the roughness measure on DEM data adapted from multiscale granulometries in mathematical morphology, namely multiscale directional granulometric index (MDGI). This measure was classically used to obtain shape-size analysis in greyscale images. In earlier works, MDGIs were introduced to capture the characteristic surficial roughness of a river sub-basin along specific directions. Also, MDGIs can be efficiently computed and are known to be useful features for classification of river sub-basins. In this article, we provide a theoretical analysis of a MDGI. In particular, we characterize non-trivial sufficient conditions on the structure of DEMs under which MDGIs are invariant. These properties are illustrated with some fictitious DEMs. We also provide connections to a discrete derivative of volume of a DEM. Based on these connections, we provide intuition as to why a MDGI is considered a roughness measure. Further, we experimentally illustrate on Lower-Indus, Wardha, and Barmer river sub-basins that the proposed features capture the characteristics of the river sub-basin.      
### 14.Efficient automated U-Net based tree crown delineation using UAV multi-spectral imagery on embedded devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07826.pdf)
>  Delineation approaches provide significant benefits to various domains, including agriculture, environmental and natural disasters monitoring. Most of the work in the literature utilize traditional segmentation methods that require a large amount of computational and storage resources. Deep learning has transformed computer vision and dramatically improved machine translation, though it requires massive dataset for training and significant resources for inference. More importantly, energy-efficient embedded vision hardware delivering real-time and robust performance is crucial in the aforementioned application. In this work, we propose a U-Net based tree delineation method, which is effectively trained using multi-spectral imagery but can then delineate single-spectrum images. The deep architecture that also performs localization, i.e., a class label corresponds to each pixel, has been successfully used to allow training with a small set of segmented images. The ground truth data were generated using traditional image denoising and segmentation approaches. To be able to execute the proposed DNN efficiently in embedded platforms designed for deep learning approaches, we employ traditional model compression and acceleration methods. Extensive evaluation studies using data collected from UAVs equipped with multi-spectral cameras demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods in terms of delineation accuracy and execution efficiency.      
### 15.Contrastive Predictive Coding for Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07820.pdf)
>  Reliable detection of anomalies is crucial when deploying machine learning models in practice, but remains challenging due to the lack of labeled data. To tackle this challenge, contrastive learning approaches are becoming increasingly popular, given the impressive results they have achieved in self-supervised representation learning settings. However, while most existing contrastive anomaly detection and segmentation approaches have been applied to images, none of them can use the contrastive losses directly for both anomaly detection and segmentation. In this paper, we close this gap by making use of the Contrastive Predictive Coding model (<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1807.03748" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.03748">arXiv:1807.03748</a>). We show that its patch-wise contrastive loss can directly be interpreted as an anomaly score, and how this allows for the creation of anomaly segmentation masks. The resulting model achieves promising results for both anomaly detection and segmentation on the challenging MVTec-AD dataset.      
### 16.Multiple Instance Learning with Auxiliary Task Weighting for Multiple Myeloma Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07805.pdf)
>  Whole body magnetic resonance imaging (WB-MRI) is the recommended modality for diagnosis of multiple myeloma (MM). WB-MRI is used to detect sites of disease across the entire skeletal system, but it requires significant expertise and is time-consuming to report due to the great number of images. To aid radiological reading, we propose an auxiliary task-based multiple instance learning approach (ATMIL) for MM classification with the ability to localize sites of disease. This approach is appealing as it only requires patient-level annotations where an attention mechanism is used to identify local regions with active disease. We borrow ideas from multi-task learning and define an auxiliary task with adaptive reweighting to support and improve learning efficiency in the presence of data scarcity. We validate our approach on both synthetic and real multi-center clinical data. We show that the MIL attention module provides a mechanism to localize bone regions while the adaptive reweighting of the auxiliary task considerably improves the performance.      
### 17.Conditional Directed Graph Convolution for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07797.pdf)
>  Graph convolutional networks have significantly improved 3D human pose estimation by representing the human skeleton as an undirected graph. However, this representation fails to reflect the articulated characteristic of human skeletons as the hierarchical orders among the joints are not explicitly presented. In this paper, we propose to represent the human skeleton as a directed graph with the joints as nodes and bones as edges that are directed from parent joints to child joints. By so doing, the directions of edges can explicitly reflect the hierarchical relationships among the nodes. Based on this representation, we adopt the spatial-temporal directed graph convolution (ST-DGConv) to extract features from 2D poses represented in a temporal sequence of directed graphs. We further propose a spatial-temporal conditional directed graph convolution (ST-CondDGConv) to leverage varying non-local dependence for different poses by conditioning the graph topology on input poses. Altogether, we form a U-shaped network with ST-DGConv and ST-CondDGConv layers, named U-shaped Conditional Directed Graph Convolutional Network (U-CondDGCN), for 3D human pose estimation from monocular videos. To evaluate the effectiveness of our U-CondDGCN, we conducted extensive experiments on two challenging large-scale benchmarks: Human3.6M and MPI-INF-3DHP. Both quantitative and qualitative results show that our method achieves top performance. Also, ablation studies show that directed graphs can better exploit the hierarchy of articulated human skeletons than undirected graphs, and the conditional connections can yield adaptive graph topologies for different kinds of poses.      
### 18.Attention-based Vehicle Self-Localization with HD Feature Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07787.pdf)
>  We present a vehicle self-localization method using point-based deep neural networks. Our approach processes measurements and point features, i.e. landmarks, from a high-definition digital map to infer the vehicle's pose. To learn the best association and incorporate local information between the point sets, we propose an attention mechanism that matches the measurements to the corresponding landmarks. Finally, we use this representation for the point-cloud registration and the subsequent pose regression task. Furthermore, we introduce a training simulation framework that artificially generates measurements and landmarks to facilitate the deployment process and reduce the cost of creating extensive datasets from real-world data. We evaluate our method on our dataset, as well as an adapted version of the Kitti odometry dataset, where we achieve superior performance compared to related approaches; and additionally show dominant generalization capabilities.      
### 19.Pose Normalization of Indoor Mapping Datasets Partially Compliant to the Manhattan World Assumption  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07778.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel pose normalization method for indoor mapping point clouds and triangle meshes that is robust against large fractions of the indoor mapping geometries deviating from an ideal Manhattan World structure. In the case of building structures that contain multiple Manhattan World systems, the dominant Manhattan World structure supported by the largest fraction of geometries is determined and used for alignment. In a first step, a vertical alignment orienting a chosen axis to be orthogonal to horizontal floor and ceiling surfaces is conducted. Subsequently, a rotation around the resulting vertical axis is determined that aligns the dataset horizontally with the coordinate axes. The proposed method is evaluated quantitatively against several publicly available indoor mapping datasets. Our implementation of the proposed procedure along with code for reproducing the evaluation will be made available to the public upon acceptance for publication.      
### 20.Rectifying the Shortcut Learning of Background: Shared Object Concentration for Few-Shot Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07746.pdf)
>  Few-Shot image classification aims to utilize pretrained knowledge learned from a large-scale dataset to tackle a series of downstream classification tasks. Typically, each task involves only few training examples from brand-new categories. This requires the pretraining models to focus on well-generalizable knowledge, but ignore domain-specific information. In this paper, we observe that image background serves as a source of domain-specific knowledge, which is a shortcut for models to learn in the source dataset, but is harmful when adapting to brand-new classes. To prevent the model from learning this shortcut knowledge, we propose COSOC, a novel Few-Shot Learning framework, to automatically figure out foreground objects at both pretraining and evaluation stage. COSOC is a two-stage algorithm motivated by the observation that foreground objects from different images within the same class share more similar patterns than backgrounds. At the pretraining stage, for each class, we cluster contrastive-pretrained features of randomly cropped image patches, such that crops containing only foreground objects can be identified by a single cluster. We then force the pretraining model to focus on found foreground objects by a fusion sampling strategy; at the evaluation stage, among images in each training class of any few-shot task, we seek for shared contents and filter out background. The recognized foreground objects of each class are used to match foreground of testing images. Extensive experiments tailored to inductive FSL tasks on two benchmarks demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of our method.      
### 21.DANCE: DAta-Network Co-optimization for Efficient Segmentation Model Training and Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07706.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation for scene understanding is nowadays widely demanded, raising significant challenges for the algorithm efficiency, especially its applications on resource-limited platforms. Current segmentation models are trained and evaluated on massive high-resolution scene images ("data level") and suffer from the expensive computation arising from the required multi-scale aggregation("network level"). In both folds, the computational and energy costs in training and inference are notable due to the often desired large input resolutions and heavy computational burden of segmentation models. To this end, we propose DANCE, general automated DAta-Network Co-optimization for Efficient segmentation model training and inference. Distinct from existing efficient segmentation approaches that focus merely on light-weight network design, DANCE distinguishes itself as an automated simultaneous data-network co-optimization via both input data manipulation and network architecture slimming. Specifically, DANCE integrates automated data slimming which adaptively downsamples/drops input images and controls their corresponding contribution to the training loss guided by the images' spatial complexity. Such a downsampling operation, in addition to slimming down the cost associated with the input size directly, also shrinks the dynamic range of input object and context scales, therefore motivating us to also adaptively slim the network to match the downsampled data. Extensive experiments and ablating studies (on four SOTA segmentation models with three popular segmentation datasets under two training settings) demonstrate that DANCE can achieve "all-win" towards efficient segmentation(reduced training cost, less expensive inference, and better mean Intersection-over-Union (mIoU)).      
### 22.A Comparison of Deep Learning Classification Methods on Small-scale Image Data set: from Converlutional Neural Networks to Visual Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07699.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning has made brilliant achievements in image classification. However, image classification of small datasets is still not obtained good research results. This article first briefly explains the application and characteristics of convolutional neural networks and visual transformers. Meanwhile, the influence of small data set on classification and the solution are introduced. Then a series of experiments are carried out on the small datasets by using various models, and the problems of some models in the experiments are discussed. Through the comparison of experimental results, the recommended deep learning model is given according to the model application environment. Finally, we give directions for future work.      
### 23.Self-Supervised Learning Framework for Remote Heart Rate Estimation Using Spatiotemporal Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07695.pdf)
>  Recent supervised deep learning methods have shown that heart rate can be measured remotely using facial videos. However, the performance of these supervised method are dependent on the availability of large-scale labelled data and they have been limited to 2D deep learning architectures that do not fully exploit the 3D spatiotemporal information. To solve this problem, we present a novel 3D self-supervised spatiotemporal learning framework for remote HR estimation on facial videos. Concretely, we propose a landmark-based spatial augmentation which splits the face into several informative parts based on the Shafer's dichromatic reflection model and a novel sparsity-based temporal augmentation exploiting Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem to enhance the signal modelling ability. We evaluated our method on 3 public datasets and outperformed other self-supervised methods and achieved competitive accuracy with the state-of-the-art supervised methods.      
### 24.CutDepth:Edge-aware Data Augmentation in Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07684.pdf)
>  It is difficult to collect data on a large scale in a monocular depth estimation because the task requires the simultaneous acquisition of RGB images and depths. Data augmentation is thus important to this task. However, there has been little research on data augmentation for tasks such as monocular depth estimation, where the transformation is performed pixel by pixel. In this paper, we propose a data augmentation method, called CutDepth. In CutDepth, part of the depth is pasted onto an input image during training. The method extends variations data without destroying edge features. Experiments objectively and subjectively show that the proposed method outperforms conventional methods of data augmentation. The estimation accuracy is improved with CutDepth even though there are few training data at long distances.      
### 25.Semi-supervised 3D Hand-Object Pose Estimation via Pose Dictionary Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07676.pdf)
>  3D hand-object pose estimation is an important issue to understand the interaction between human and environment. Current hand-object pose estimation methods require detailed 3D labels, which are expensive and labor-intensive. To tackle the problem of data collection, we propose a semi-supervised 3D hand-object pose estimation method with two key techniques: pose dictionary learning and an object-oriented coordinate system. The proposed pose dictionary learning module can distinguish infeasible poses by reconstruction error, enabling unlabeled data to provide supervision signals. The proposed object-oriented coordinate system can make 3D estimations equivariant to the camera perspective. Experiments are conducted on FPHA and HO-3D datasets. Our method reduces estimation error by 19.5% / 24.9% for hands/objects compared to straightforward use of labeled data on FPHA and outperforms several baseline methods. Extensive experiments also validate the robustness of the proposed method.      
### 26.Align before Fuse: Vision and Language Representation Learning with Momentum Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07651.pdf)
>  Large-scale vision and language representation learning has shown promising improvements on various vision-language tasks. Most existing methods employ a transformer-based multimodal encoder to jointly model visual tokens (region-based image features) and word tokens. Because the visual tokens and word tokens are unaligned, it is challenging for the multimodal encoder to learn image-text interactions. In this paper, we introduce a contrastive loss to ALign the image and text representations BEfore Fusing (ALBEF) them through cross-modal attention, which enables more grounded vision and language representation learning. Unlike most existing methods, our method does not require bounding box annotations nor high-resolution images. In order to improve learning from noisy web data, we propose momentum distillation, a self-training method which learns from pseudo-targets produced by a momentum model. We provide a theoretical analysis of ALBEF from a mutual information maximization perspective, showing that different training tasks can be interpreted as different ways to generate views for an image-text pair. ALBEF achieves state-of-the-art performance on multiple downstream vision-language tasks. On image-text retrieval, ALBEF outperforms methods that are pre-trained on orders of magnitude larger datasets. On VQA and NLVR$^2$, ALBEF achieves absolute improvements of 2.37% and 3.84% compared to the state-of-the-art, while enjoying faster inference speed. Code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/salesforce/ALBEF/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.An Energy-Efficient Edge Computing Paradigm for Convolution-based Image Upsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07647.pdf)
>  A novel energy-efficient edge computing paradigm is proposed for real-time deep learning-based image upsampling applications. State-of-the-art deep learning solutions for image upsampling are currently trained using either resize or sub-pixel convolution to learn kernels that generate high fidelity images with minimal artifacts. However, performing inference with these learned convolution kernels requires memory-intensive feature map transformations that dominate time and energy costs in real-time applications. To alleviate this pressure on memory bandwidth, we confine the use of resize or sub-pixel convolution to training in the cloud by transforming learned convolution kernels to deconvolution kernels before deploying them for inference as a functionally equivalent deconvolution. These kernel transformations, intended as a one-time cost when shifting from training to inference, enable a systems designer to use each algorithm in their optimal context by preserving the image fidelity learned when training in the cloud while minimizing data transfer penalties during inference at the edge. We also explore existing variants of deconvolution inference algorithms and introduce a novel variant for consideration. We analyze and compare the inference properties of convolution-based upsampling algorithms using a quantitative model of incurred time and energy costs and show that using deconvolution for inference at the edge improves both system latency and energy efficiency when compared to their sub-pixel or resize convolution counterparts.      
### 28.Multi-Level Contrastive Learning for Few-Shot Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07608.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning is a discriminative approach that aims at grouping similar samples closer and diverse samples far from each other. It it an efficient technique to train an encoder generating distinguishable and informative representations, and it may even increase the encoder's transferability. Most current applications of contrastive learning benefit only a single representation from the last layer of an <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://encoder.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we propose a multi-level contrasitive learning approach which applies contrastive losses at different layers of an encoder to learn multiple representations from the encoder. Afterward, an ensemble can be constructed to take advantage of the multiple representations for the downstream tasks. We evaluated the proposed method on few-shot learning problems and conducted experiments using the mini-ImageNet and the tiered-ImageNet datasets. Our model achieved the new state-of-the-art results for both datasets, comparing to previous regular, ensemble, and contrastive learing (single-level) based approaches.      
### 29.Real-Time Violence Detection Using CNN-LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07578.pdf)
>  Violence rates however have been brought down about 57% during the span of the past 4 decades yet it doesn't change the way that the demonstration of violence actually happens, unseen by the law. Violence can be mass controlled sometimes by higher authorities, however, to hold everything in line one must "Microgovern" over each movement occurring in every road of each square. To address the butterfly effects impact in our setting, I made a unique model and a theorized system to handle the issue utilizing deep learning. The model takes the input of the CCTV video feeds and after drawing inference, recognizes if a violent movement is going on. And hypothesized architecture aims towards probability-driven computation of video feeds and reduces overhead from naively computing for every CCTV video feeds.      
### 30.Real-Time Face Recognition System for Remote Employee Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07576.pdf)
>  During the COVID-19 pandemic, most of the human-to-human interactions have been stopped. To mitigate the spread of deadly coronavirus, many offices took the initiative so that the employees can work from home. But, tracking the employees and finding out if they are really performing what they were supposed to turn out to be a serious challenge for all the companies and organizations who are facilitating "Work From Home". To deal with the challenge effectively, we came up with a solution to track the employees with face recognition. We have been testing this system experimentally for our office. To train the face recognition module, we used FaceNet with KNN using the Labeled Faces in the Wild (LFW) dataset and achieved 97.8% accuracy. We integrated the trained model into our central system, where the employees log their time. In this paper, we discuss in brief the system we have been experimenting with and the pros and cons of the system.      
### 31.OdoViz: A 3D Odometry Visualization and Processing Tool  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07557.pdf)
>  OdoViz is a reactive web-based tool for 3D visualization and processing of autonomous vehicle datasets designed to support common tasks in visual place recognition research. The system includes functionality for loading, inspecting, visualizing, and processing GPS/INS poses, point clouds and camera images. It supports a number of commonly used driving datasets and can be adapted to load custom datasets with minimal effort. OdoViz's design consists of a slim server to serve the datasets coupled with a rich client frontend. This design supports multiple deployment configurations including single user stand-alone installations, research group installations serving datasets internally across a lab, or publicly accessible web-frontends for providing online interfaces for exploring and interacting with datasets. The tool allows viewing complete vehicle trajectories traversed at multiple different time periods simultaneously, facilitating tasks such as sub-sampling, comparing and finding pose correspondences both across and within sequences. This significantly reduces the effort required in creating subsets of data from existing datasets for machine learning tasks. Further to the above, the system also supports adding custom extensions and plugins to extend the capabilities of the software for other potential data management, visualization and processing tasks. The platform has been open-sourced to promote its use and encourage further contributions from the research community.      
### 32.Unsupervised 3D Human Mesh Recovery from Noisy Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07539.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel unsupervised approach to reconstruct human shape and pose from noisy point cloud. Traditional approaches search for correspondences and conduct model fitting iteratively where a good initialization is critical. Relying on large amount of dataset with ground-truth annotations, recent learning-based approaches predict correspondences for every vertice on the point cloud; Chamfer distance is usually used to minimize the distance between a deformed template model and the input point cloud. However, Chamfer distance is quite sensitive to noise and outliers, thus could be unreliable to assign correspondences. To address these issues, we model the probability distribution of the input point cloud as generated from a parametric human model under a Gaussian Mixture Model. Instead of explicitly aligning correspondences, we treat the process of correspondence search as an implicit probabilistic association by updating the posterior probability of the template model given the input. A novel unsupervised loss is further derived that penalizes the discrepancy between the deformed template and the input point cloud conditioned on the posterior probability. Our approach is very flexible, which works with both complete point cloud and incomplete ones including even a single depth image as input. Our network is trained from scratch with no need to warm-up the network with supervised data. Compared to previous unsupervised methods, our method shows the capability to deal with substantial noise and outliers. Extensive experiments conducted on various public synthetic datasets as well as a very noisy real dataset (i.e. CMU Panoptic) demonstrate the superior performance of our approach over the state-of-the-art methods. Code can be found \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangsen1312/unsupervised3dhuman.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 33.In-Bed Person Monitoring Using Thermal Infrared Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07986.pdf)
>  The world is expecting an aging population and shortage of healthcare professionals. This poses the problem of providing a safe and dignified life for the elderly. Technological solutions involving cameras can contribute to safety, comfort and efficient emergency responses, but they are invasive of privacy. We use 'Griddy', a prototype with a Panasonic Grid-EYE, a low-resolution infrared thermopile array sensor, which offers more privacy. Mounted over a bed, it can determine if the user is on the bed or not without human interaction. For this purpose, two datasets were captured, one (480 images) under constant conditions, and a second one (200 images) under different variations such as use of a duvet, sleeping with a pet, or increased room temperature. We test three machine learning algorithms: Support Vector Machines (SVM), k-Nearest Neighbors (k-NN) and Neural Network (NN). With 10-fold cross validation, the highest accuracy in the main dataset is for both SVM and k-NN (99%). The results with variable data show a lower reliability under certain circumstances, highlighting the need of extra work to meet the challenge of variations in the environment.      
### 34.Unpaired cross-modality educed distillation (CMEDL) applied to CT lung tumor segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07985.pdf)
>  Accurate and robust segmentation of lung cancers from CTs is needed to more accurately plan and deliver radiotherapy and to measure treatment response. This is particularly difficult for tumors located close to mediastium, due to low soft-tissue contrast. Therefore, we developed a new cross-modality educed distillation (CMEDL) approach, using unpaired CT and MRI scans, whereby a teacher MRI network guides a student CT network to extract features that signal the difference between foreground and background. Our contribution eliminates two requirements of distillation methods: (i) paired image sets by using an image to image (I2I) translation and (ii) pre-training of the teacher network with a large training set by using concurrent training of all networks. Our framework uses an end-to-end trained unpaired I2I translation, teacher, and student segmentation networks. Our framework can be combined with any I2I and segmentation network. We demonstrate our framework's feasibility using 3 segmentation and 2 I2I methods. All networks were trained with 377 CT and 82 T2w MRI from different sets of patients. Ablation tests and different strategies for incorporating MRI information into CT were performed. Accuracy was measured using Dice similarity (DSC), surface Dice (sDSC), and Hausdorff distance at the 95$^{th}$ percentile (HD95). The CMEDL approach was significantly (p $&lt;$ 0.001) more accurate than non-CMEDL methods, quantitatively and visually. It produced the highest segmentation accuracy (sDSC of 0.83 $\pm$ 0.16 and HD95 of 5.20 $\pm$ 6.86mm). CMEDL was also more accurate than using either pMRI's or the combination of CT's with pMRI's for segmentation.      
### 35.Joint Semi-supervised 3D Super-Resolution and Segmentation with Mixed Adversarial Gaussian Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07975.pdf)
>  Optimising the analysis of cardiac structure and function requires accurate 3D representations of shape and motion. However, techniques such as cardiac magnetic resonance imaging are conventionally limited to acquiring contiguous cross-sectional slices with low through-plane resolution and potential inter-slice spatial misalignment. Super-resolution in medical imaging aims to increase the resolution of images but is conventionally trained on features from low resolution datasets and does not super-resolve corresponding segmentations. Here we propose a semi-supervised multi-task generative adversarial network (Gemini-GAN) that performs joint super-resolution of the images and their labels using a ground truth of high resolution 3D cines and segmentations, while an unsupervised variational adversarial mixture autoencoder (V-AMA) is used for continuous domain adaptation. Our proposed approach is extensively evaluated on two transnational multi-ethnic populations of 1,331 and 205 adults respectively, delivering an improvement on state of the art methods in terms of Dice index, peak signal to noise ratio, and structural similarity index measure. This framework also exceeds the performance of state of the art generative domain adaptation models on external validation (Dice index 0.81 vs 0.74 for the left ventricle). This demonstrates how joint super-resolution and segmentation, trained on 3D ground-truth data with cross-domain generalization, enables robust precision phenotyping in diverse populations.      
### 36.Lightness Modulated Deep Inverse Tone Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07907.pdf)
>  Single-image HDR reconstruction or inverse tone mapping (iTM) is a challenging task. In particular, recovering information in over-exposed regions is extremely difficult because details in such regions are almost completely lost. In this paper, we present a deep learning based iTM method that takes advantage of the feature extraction and mapping power of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and uses a lightness prior to modulate the CNN to better exploit observations in the surrounding areas of the over-exposed regions to enhance the quality of HDR image reconstruction. Specifically, we introduce a Hierarchical Synthesis Network (HiSN) for inferring a HDR image from a LDR input and a Lightness Adpative Modulation Network (LAMN) to incorporate the the lightness prior knowledge in the inferring process. The HiSN hierarchically synthesizes the high-brightness component and the low-brightness component of the HDR image whilst the LAMN uses a lightness adaptive mask that separates detail-less saturated bright pixels from well-exposed lower light pixels to enable HiSN to better infer the missing information, particularly in the difficult over-exposed detail-less areas. We present experimental results to demonstrate the effectiveness of the new technique based on quantitative measures and visual comparisons. In addition, we present ablation studies of HiSN and visualization of the activation maps inside LAMN to help gain a deeper understanding of the internal working of the new iTM algorithm and explain why it can achieve much improved performance over state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 37.Measuring and Explaining the Inter-Cluster Reliability of Multidimensional Projections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07859.pdf)
>  We propose Steadiness and Cohesiveness, two novel metrics to measure the inter-cluster reliability of multidimensional projection (MDP), specifically how well the inter-cluster structures are preserved between the original high-dimensional space and the low-dimensional projection space. Measuring inter-cluster reliability is crucial as it directly affects how well inter-cluster tasks (e.g., identifying cluster relationships in the original space from a projected view) can be conducted; however, despite the importance of inter-cluster tasks, we found that previous metrics, such as Trustworthiness and Continuity, fail to measure inter-cluster reliability. Our metrics consider two aspects of the inter-cluster reliability: Steadiness measures the extent to which clusters in the projected space form clusters in the original space, and Cohesiveness measures the opposite. They extract random clusters with arbitrary shapes and positions in one space and evaluate how much the clusters are stretched or dispersed in the other space. Furthermore, our metrics can quantify pointwise distortions, allowing for the visualization of inter-cluster reliability in a projection, which we call a reliability map. Through quantitative experiments, we verify that our metrics precisely capture the distortions that harm inter-cluster reliability while previous metrics have difficulty capturing the distortions. A case study also demonstrates that our metrics and the reliability map 1) support users in selecting the proper projection techniques or hyperparameters and 2) prevent misinterpretation while performing inter-cluster tasks, thus allow an adequate identification of inter-cluster structure.      
### 38.Graph Representation Learning for Road Type Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07791.pdf)
>  We present a novel learning-based approach to graph representations of road networks employing state-of-the-art graph convolutional neural networks. Our approach is applied to realistic road networks of 17 cities from Open Street Map. While edge features are crucial to generate descriptive graph representations of road networks, graph convolutional networks usually rely on node features only. We show that the highly representative edge features can still be integrated into such networks by applying a line graph transformation. We also propose a method for neighborhood sampling based on a topological neighborhood composed of both local and global neighbors. We compare the performance of learning representations using different types of neighborhood aggregation functions in transductive and inductive tasks and in supervised and unsupervised learning. Furthermore, we propose a novel aggregation approach, Graph Attention Isomorphism Network, GAIN. Our results show that GAIN outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the road type classification problem.      
### 39.Wasserstein Distances, Geodesics and Barycenters of Merge Trees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07789.pdf)
>  This paper presents a unified computational framework for the estimation of distances, geodesics and barycenters of merge trees. We extend recent work on the edit distance [106] and introduce a new metric, called the Wasserstein distance between merge trees, which is purposely designed to enable efficient computations of geodesics and barycenters. Specifically, our new distance is strictly equivalent to the L2-Wasserstein distance between extremum persistence diagrams, but it is restricted to a smaller solution space, namely, the space of rooted partial isomorphisms between branch decomposition trees. This enables a simple extension of existing optimization frameworks [112] for geodesics and barycenters from persistence diagrams to merge trees. We introduce a task-based algorithm which can be generically applied to distance, geodesic, barycenter or cluster computation. The task-based nature of our approach enables further accelerations with shared-memory parallelism. Extensive experiments on public ensembles and SciVis contest benchmarks demonstrate the efficiency of our approach -- with barycenter computations in the orders of minutes for the largest examples -- as well as its qualitative ability to generate representative barycenter merge trees, visually summarizing the features of interest found in the ensemble. We show the utility of our contributions with dedicated visualization applications: feature tracking, temporal reduction and ensemble clustering. We provide a lightweight C++ implementation that can be used to reproduce our results.      
### 40.DoReMi: First glance at a universal OMR dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07786.pdf)
>  The main challenges of Optical Music Recognition (OMR) come from the nature of written music, its complexity and the difficulty of finding an appropriate data representation. This paper provides a first look at DoReMi, an OMR dataset that addresses these challenges, and a baseline object detection model to assess its utility. Researchers often approach OMR following a set of small stages, given that existing data often do not satisfy broader research. We examine the possibility of changing this tendency by presenting more metadata. Our approach complements existing research; hence DoReMi allows harmonisation with two existing datasets, DeepScores and MUSCIMA++. DoReMi was generated using a music notation software and includes over 6400 printed sheet music images with accompanying metadata useful in OMR research. Our dataset provides OMR metadata, MIDI, MEI, MusicXML and PNG files, each aiding a different stage of OMR. We obtain 64% mean average precision (mAP) in object detection using half of the data. Further work includes re-iterating through the creation process to satisfy custom OMR models. While we do not assume to have solved the main challenges in OMR, this dataset opens a new course of discussions that would ultimately aid that goal.      
### 41.Exploiting generative self-supervised learning for the assessment of biological images with lack of annotations: a COVID-19 case-study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07761.pdf)
>  Computer-aided analysis of biological images typically requires extensive training on large-scale annotated datasets, which is not viable in many situations. In this paper we present GAN-DL, a Discriminator Learner based on the StyleGAN2 architecture, which we employ for self-supervised image representation learning in the case of fluorescent biological images. We show that Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Networks combined with linear Support Vector Machines enable high-throughput compound screening based on raw images. We demonstrate this by classifying active and inactive compounds tested for the inhibition of SARS-CoV-2 infection in VERO and HRCE cell lines. In contrast to previous methods, our deep learning based approach does not require any annotation besides the one that is normally collected during the sample preparation process. We test our technique on the RxRx19a Sars-CoV-2 image collection. The dataset consists of fluorescent images that were generated to assess the ability of regulatory-approved or in late-stage clinical trials compound to modulate the in vitro infection from SARS-CoV-2 in both VERO and HRCE cell lines. We show that our technique can be exploited not only for classification tasks, but also to effectively derive a dose response curve for the tested treatments, in a self-supervised manner. Lastly, we demonstrate its generalization capabilities by successfully addressing a zero-shot learning task, consisting in the categorization of four different cell types of the RxRx1 fluorescent images collection.      
### 42.NeXtQSM -- A complete deep learning pipeline for data-consistent quantitative susceptibility mapping trained with hybrid data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07752.pdf)
>  Deep learning based Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping (QSM) has shown great potential in recent years, outperforming traditional non-learning approaches in speed and accuracy. However, many of the current deep learning approaches are not data consistent, require in vivo training data or do not solve all steps of the QSM processing pipeline. Here we aim to overcome these limitations and developed a framework to solve the QSM processing steps jointly. We developed a new hybrid training data generation method that enables the end-to-end training for solving background field correction and dipole inversion in a data-consistent fashion using a variational network that combines the QSM model term and a learned regularizer. We demonstrate that NeXtQSM overcomes the limitations of previous model-agnostic deep learning methods and show that NeXtQSM offers a complete deep learning based pipeline for computing robust, fast and accurate quantitative susceptibility maps.      
### 43.Optical Inspection of the Silicon Micro-strip Sensors for the CBM Experiment employing Artificial Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07714.pdf)
>  Optical inspection of 1191 silicon micro-strip sensors was performed using a custom made optical inspection setup, employing a machine-learning based approach for the defect analysis and subsequent quality assurance. Furthermore, metrological control of the sensor's surface was performed. In this manuscript, we present the analysis of various sensor surface defects. Among these are implant breaks, p-stop breaks, aluminium strip opens, aluminium strip shorts, surface scratches, double metallization layer defects, passivation layer defects, bias resistor defects as well as dust particle identification. The defect detection was done using the application of Convolutional Deep Neural Networks (CDNNs). From this, defective strips and defect clusters were identified, as well as a 2D map of the defects using their geometrical positions on the sensor was performed. Based on the total number of defects found on the sensor's surface, a method for the estimation of sensor's overall quality grade and quality score was proposed.      
### 44.Probabilistic Appearance-Invariant Topometric Localization with New Place Awareness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07707.pdf)
>  Probabilistic state-estimation approaches offer a principled foundation for designing localization systems, because they naturally integrate sequences of imperfect motion and exteroceptive sensor data. Recently, probabilistic localization systems utilizing appearance-invariant visual place recognition (VPR) methods as the primary exteroceptive sensor have demonstrated state-of-the-art performance in the presence of substantial appearance change. However, existing systems 1) do not fully utilize odometry data within the motion models, and 2) are unable to handle route deviations, due to the assumption that query traverses exactly repeat the mapping traverse. To address these shortcomings, we present a new probabilistic topometric localization system which incorporates full 3-dof odometry into the motion model and furthermore, adds an "off-map" state within the state-estimation framework, allowing query traverses which feature significant route detours from the reference map to be successfully localized. We perform extensive evaluation on multiple query traverses from the Oxford RobotCar dataset exhibiting both significant appearance change and deviations from routes previously traversed. In particular, we evaluate performance on two practically relevant localization tasks: loop closure detection and global localization. Our approach achieves major performance improvements over both existing and improved state-of-the-art systems.      
### 45.Depth Estimation from Monocular Images and Sparse radar using Deep Ordinal Regression Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07596.pdf)
>  We integrate sparse radar data into a monocular depth estimation model and introduce a novel preprocessing method for reducing the sparseness and limited field of view provided by radar. We explore the intrinsic error of different radar modalities and show our proposed method results in more data points with reduced error. We further propose a novel method for estimating dense depth maps from monocular 2D images and sparse radar measurements using deep learning based on the deep ordinal regression network by Fu et al. Radar data are integrated by first converting the sparse 2D points to a height-extended 3D measurement and then including it into the network using a late fusion approach. Experiments are conducted on the nuScenes dataset. Our experiments demonstrate state-of-the-art performance in both day and night scenes.      
### 46.The Benchmark Lottery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07002.pdf)
>  The world of empirical machine learning (ML) strongly relies on benchmarks in order to determine the relative effectiveness of different algorithms and methods. This paper proposes the notion of "a benchmark lottery" that describes the overall fragility of the ML benchmarking process. The benchmark lottery postulates that many factors, other than fundamental algorithmic superiority, may lead to a method being perceived as superior. On multiple benchmark setups that are prevalent in the ML community, we show that the relative performance of algorithms may be altered significantly simply by choosing different benchmark tasks, highlighting the fragility of the current paradigms and potential fallacious interpretation derived from benchmarking ML methods. Given that every benchmark makes a statement about what it perceives to be important, we argue that this might lead to biased progress in the community. We discuss the implications of the observed phenomena and provide recommendations on mitigating them using multiple machine learning domains and communities as use cases, including natural language processing, computer vision, information retrieval, recommender systems, and reinforcement learning.      
