# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 9 Jul 2021
### 1.Adiabatic Quantum Graph Matching with Permutation Matrix Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04032.pdf)
>  Matching problems on 3D shapes and images are challenging as they are frequently formulated as combinatorial quadratic assignment problems (QAPs) with permutation matrix constraints, which are NP-hard. In this work, we address such problems with emerging quantum computing technology and propose several reformulations of QAPs as unconstrained problems suitable for efficient execution on quantum hardware. We investigate several ways to inject permutation matrix constraints in a quadratic unconstrained binary optimization problem which can be mapped to quantum hardware. We focus on obtaining a sufficient spectral gap, which further increases the probability to measure optimal solutions and valid permutation matrices in a single run. We perform our experiments on the quantum computer D-Wave 2000Q (2^11 qubits, adiabatic). Despite the observed discrepancy between simulated adiabatic quantum computing and execution on real quantum hardware, our reformulation of permutation matrix constraints increases the robustness of the numerical computations over other penalty approaches in our experiments. The proposed algorithm has the potential to scale to higher dimensions on future quantum computing architectures, which opens up multiple new directions for solving matching problems in 3D computer vision and graphics.      
### 2.TGHop: An Explainable, Efficient and Lightweight Method for Texture Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04020.pdf)
>  An explainable, efficient and lightweight method for texture generation, called TGHop (an acronym of Texture Generation PixelHop), is proposed in this work. Although synthesis of visually pleasant texture can be achieved by deep neural networks, the associated models are large in size, difficult to explain in theory, and computationally expensive in training. In contrast, TGHop is small in its model size, mathematically transparent, efficient in training and inference, and able to generate high quality texture. Given an exemplary texture, TGHop first crops many sample patches out of it to form a collection of sample patches called the source. Then, it analyzes pixel statistics of samples from the source and obtains a sequence of fine-to-coarse subspaces for these patches by using the PixelHop++ framework. To generate texture patches with TGHop, we begin with the coarsest subspace, which is called the core, and attempt to generate samples in each subspace by following the distribution of real samples. Finally, texture patches are stitched to form texture images of a large size. It is demonstrated by experimental results that TGHop can generate texture images of superior quality with a small model size and at a fast speed.      
### 3.Multi-Modality Task Cascade for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04013.pdf)
>  Point clouds and RGB images are naturally complementary modalities for 3D visual understanding - the former provides sparse but accurate locations of points on objects, while the latter contains dense color and texture information. Despite this potential for close sensor fusion, many methods train two models in isolation and use simple feature concatenation to represent 3D sensor data. This separated training scheme results in potentially sub-optimal performance and prevents 3D tasks from being used to benefit 2D tasks that are often useful on their own. To provide a more integrated approach, we propose a novel Multi-Modality Task Cascade network (MTC-RCNN) that leverages 3D box proposals to improve 2D segmentation predictions, which are then used to further refine the 3D boxes. We show that including a 2D network between two stages of 3D modules significantly improves both 2D and 3D task performance. Moreover, to prevent the 3D module from over-relying on the overfitted 2D predictions, we propose a dual-head 2D segmentation training and inference scheme, allowing the 2nd 3D module to learn to interpret imperfect 2D segmentation predictions. Evaluating our model on the challenging SUN RGB-D dataset, we improve upon state-of-the-art results of both single modality and fusion networks by a large margin ($\textbf{+3.8}$ mAP@0.5). Code will be released $\href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Divadi/MTC_RCNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{\text{here.}}$      
### 4.EEG-ConvTransformer for Single-Trial EEG based Visual Stimuli Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03983.pdf)
>  Different categories of visual stimuli activate different responses in the human brain. These signals can be captured with EEG for utilization in applications such as Brain-Computer Interface (BCI). However, accurate classification of single-trial data is challenging due to low signal-to-noise ratio of EEG. This work introduces an EEG-ConvTranformer network that is based on multi-headed self-attention. Unlike other transformers, the model incorporates self-attention to capture inter-region interactions. It further extends to adjunct convolutional filters with multi-head attention as a single module to learn temporal patterns. Experimental results demonstrate that EEG-ConvTransformer achieves improved classification accuracy over the state-of-the-art techniques across five different visual stimuli classification tasks. Finally, quantitative analysis of inter-head diversity also shows low similarity in representational subspaces, emphasizing the implicit diversity of multi-head attention.      
### 5.Task Fingerprinting for Meta Learning in Biomedical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03949.pdf)
>  Shortage of annotated data is one of the greatest bottlenecks in biomedical image analysis. Meta learning studies how learning systems can increase in efficiency through experience and could thus evolve as an important concept to overcome data sparsity. However, the core capability of meta learning-based approaches is the identification of similar previous tasks given a new task - a challenge largely unexplored in the biomedical imaging domain. In this paper, we address the problem of quantifying task similarity with a concept that we refer to as task fingerprinting. The concept involves converting a given task, represented by imaging data and corresponding labels, to a fixed-length vector representation. In fingerprint space, different tasks can be directly compared irrespective of their data set sizes, types of labels or specific resolutions. An initial feasibility study in the field of surgical data science (SDS) with 26 classification tasks from various medical and non-medical domains suggests that task fingerprinting could be leveraged for both (1) selecting appropriate data sets for pretraining and (2) selecting appropriate architectures for a new task. Task fingerprinting could thus become an important tool for meta learning in SDS and other fields of biomedical image analysis.      
### 6.Weight Reparametrization for Budget-Aware Network Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03909.pdf)
>  Pruning seeks to design lightweight architectures by removing redundant weights in overparameterized networks. Most of the existing techniques first remove structured sub-networks (filters, channels,...) and then fine-tune the resulting networks to maintain a high accuracy. However, removing a whole structure is a strong topological prior and recovering the accuracy, with fine-tuning, is highly cumbersome. In this paper, we introduce an "end-to-end" lightweight network design that achieves training and pruning simultaneously without fine-tuning. The design principle of our method relies on reparametrization that learns not only the weights but also the topological structure of the lightweight sub-network. This reparametrization acts as a prior (or regularizer) that defines pruning masks implicitly from the weights of the underlying network, without increasing the number of training parameters. Sparsity is induced with a budget loss that provides an accurate pruning. Extensive experiments conducted on the CIFAR10 and the TinyImageNet datasets, using standard architectures (namely Conv4, VGG19 and ResNet18), show compelling results without fine-tuning.      
### 7.Technical Report for Valence-Arousal Estimation in ABAW2 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03891.pdf)
>  In this work, we describe our method for tackling the valence-arousal estimation challenge from ABAW2 ICCV-2021 Competition. The competition organizers provide an in-the-wild Aff-Wild2 dataset for participants to analyze affective behavior in real-life settings. We use a two stream model to learn emotion features from appearance and action respectively. To solve data imbalanced problem, we apply label distribution smoothing (LDS) to re-weight labels. Our proposed method achieves Concordance Correlation Coefficient (CCC) of 0.591 and 0.617 for valence and arousal on the validation set of Aff-wild2 dataset.      
### 8.Uncertainty-Aware Camera Pose Estimation from Points and Lines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03890.pdf)
>  Perspective-n-Point-and-Line (P$n$PL) algorithms aim at fast, accurate, and robust camera localization with respect to a 3D model from 2D-3D feature correspondences, being a major part of modern robotic and AR/VR systems. Current point-based pose estimation methods use only 2D feature detection uncertainties, and the line-based methods do not take uncertainties into account. In our setup, both 3D coordinates and 2D projections of the features are considered uncertain. We propose PnP(L) solvers based on EPnP and DLS for the uncertainty-aware pose estimation. We also modify motion-only bundle adjustment to take 3D uncertainties into account. We perform exhaustive synthetic and real experiments on two different visual odometry datasets. The new PnP(L) methods outperform the state-of-the-art on real data in isolation, showing an increase in mean translation accuracy by 18% on a representative subset of KITTI, while the new uncertain refinement improves pose accuracy for most of the solvers, e.g. decreasing mean translation error for the EPnP by 16% compared to the standard refinement on the same dataset. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://alexandervakhitov.github.io/uncertain-pnp/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Causal affect prediction model using a facial image sequence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03886.pdf)
>  Among human affective behavior research, facial expression recognition research is improving in performance along with the development of deep learning. However, for improved performance, not only past images but also future images should be used along with corresponding facial images, but there are obstacles to the application of this technique to real-time environments. In this paper, we propose the causal affect prediction network (CAPNet), which uses only past facial images to predict corresponding affective valence and arousal. We train CAPNet to learn causal inference between past images and corresponding affective valence and arousal through supervised learning by pairing the sequence of past images with the current label using the Aff-Wild2 dataset. We show through experiments that the well-trained CAPNet outperforms the baseline of the second challenge of the Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW2) Competition by predicting affective valence and arousal only with past facial images one-third of a second earlier. Therefore, in real-time application, CAPNet can reliably predict affective valence and arousal only with past data.      
### 10.Instance-Level Relative Saliency Ranking with Graph Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03824.pdf)
>  Conventional salient object detection models cannot differentiate the importance of different salient objects. Recently, two works have been proposed to detect saliency ranking by assigning different degrees of saliency to different objects. However, one of these models cannot differentiate object instances and the other focuses more on sequential attention shift order inference. In this paper, we investigate a practical problem setting that requires simultaneously segment salient instances and infer their relative saliency rank order. We present a novel unified model as the first end-to-end solution, where an improved Mask R-CNN is first used to segment salient instances and a saliency ranking branch is then added to infer the relative saliency. For relative saliency ranking, we build a new graph reasoning module by combining four graphs to incorporate the instance interaction relation, local contrast, global contrast, and a high-level semantic prior, respectively. A novel loss function is also proposed to effectively train the saliency ranking branch. Besides, a new dataset and an evaluation metric are proposed for this task, aiming at pushing forward this field of research. Finally, experimental results demonstrate that our proposed model is more effective than previous methods. We also show an example of its practical usage on adaptive image retargeting.      
### 11.Collaboration of Experts: Achieving 80% Top-1 Accuracy on ImageNet with 100M FLOPs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03815.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a Collaboration of Experts (CoE) framework to pool together the expertise of multiple networks towards a common aim. Each expert is an individual network with expertise on a unique portion of the dataset, which enhances the collective capacity. Given a sample, an expert is selected by the delegator, which simultaneously outputs a rough prediction to support early termination. To fulfill this framework, we propose three modules to impel each model to play its role, namely weight generation module (WGM), label generation module (LGM) and variance calculation module (VCM). Our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on ImageNet, 80.7% top-1 accuracy with 194M FLOPs. Combined with PWLU activation function and CondConv, CoE further achieves the accuracy of 80.0% with only 100M FLOPs for the first time. More importantly, our method is hardware friendly and achieves a 3-6x speedup compared with some existing conditional computation approaches.      
### 12.Use of Affective Visual Information for Summarization of Human-Centric Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03783.pdf)
>  Increasing volume of user-generated human-centric video content and their applications, such as video retrieval and browsing, require compact representations that are addressed by the video summarization literature. Current supervised studies formulate video summarization as a sequence-to-sequence learning problem and the existing solutions often neglect the surge of human-centric view, which inherently contains affective content. In this study, we investigate the affective-information enriched supervised video summarization task for human-centric videos. First, we train a visual input-driven state-of-the-art continuous emotion recognition model (CER-NET) on the RECOLA dataset to estimate emotional attributes. Then, we integrate the estimated emotional attributes and the high-level representations from the CER-NET with the visual information to define the proposed affective video summarization architectures (AVSUM). In addition, we investigate the use of attention to improve the AVSUM architectures and propose two new architectures based on temporal attention (TA-AVSUM) and spatial attention (SA-AVSUM). We conduct video summarization experiments on the TvSum database. The proposed AVSUM-GRU architecture with an early fusion of high level GRU embeddings and the temporal attention based TA-AVSUM architecture attain competitive video summarization performances by bringing strong performance improvements for the human-centric videos compared to the state-of-the-art in terms of F-score and self-defined face recall metrics.      
### 13.Optimizing Data Processing in Space for Object Detection in Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03774.pdf)
>  There is a proliferation in the number of satellites launched each year, resulting in downlinking of terabytes of data each day. The data received by ground stations is often unprocessed, making this an expensive process considering the large data sizes and that not all of the data is useful. This, coupled with the increasing demand for real-time data processing, has led to a growing need for on-orbit processing solutions. In this work, we investigate the performance of CNN-based object detectors on constrained devices by applying different image compression techniques to satellite data. We examine the capabilities of the NVIDIA Jetson Nano and NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier; low-power, high-performance computers, with integrated GPUs, small enough to fit on-board a nanosatellite. We take a closer look at object detection networks, including the Single Shot MultiBox Detector (SSD) and Region-based Fully Convolutional Network (R-FCN) models that are pre-trained on DOTA - a Large Scale Dataset for Object Detection in Aerial Images. The performance is measured in terms of execution time, memory consumption, and accuracy, and are compared against a baseline containing a server with two powerful GPUs. The results show that by applying image compression techniques, we are able to improve the execution time and memory consumption, achieving a fully runnable dataset. A lossless compression technique achieves roughly a 10% reduction in execution time and about a 3% reduction in memory consumption, with no impact on the accuracy. While a lossy compression technique improves the execution time by up to 144% and the memory consumption is reduced by as much as 97%. However, it has a significant impact on accuracy, varying depending on the compression ratio. Thus the application and ratio of these compression techniques may differ depending on the required level of accuracy for a particular task.      
### 14.Image Resolution Susceptibility of Face Recognition Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03769.pdf)
>  Face recognition approaches often rely on equal image resolution for verification faces on two images. However, in practical applications, those image resolutions are usually not in the same range due to different image capture mechanisms or sources. In this work, we first analyze the impact of image resolutions on the face verification performance with a state-of-the-art face recognition model. For images, synthetically reduced to $5\, \times 5\, \mathrm{px}$ resolution, the verification performance drops from $99.23\%$ increasingly down to almost $55\%$. Especially, for cross-resolution image pairs (one high- and one low-resolution image), the verification accuracy decreases even further. We investigate this behavior more in-depth by looking at the feature distances for every 2-image test pair. To tackle this problem, we propose the following two methods: 1) Train a state-of-the-art face-recognition model straightforward with $50\%$ low-resolution images directly within each batch. \\ 2) Train a siamese-network structure and adding a cosine distance feature loss between high- and low-resolution features. Both methods show an improvement for cross-resolution scenarios and can increase the accuracy at very low resolution to approximately $70\%$. However, a disadvantage is that a specific model needs to be trained for every resolution-pair ...      
### 15.Investigate the Essence of Long-Tailed Recognition from a Unified Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03758.pdf)
>  As the data scale grows, deep recognition models often suffer from long-tailed data distributions due to the heavy imbalanced sample number across categories. Indeed, real-world data usually exhibit some similarity relation among different categories (e.g., pigeons and sparrows), called category similarity in this work. It is doubly difficult when the imbalance occurs between such categories with similar appearances. However, existing solutions mainly focus on the sample number to re-balance data distribution. In this work, we systematically investigate the essence of the long-tailed problem from a unified perspective. Specifically, we demonstrate that long-tailed recognition suffers from both sample number and category similarity. Intuitively, using a toy example, we first show that sample number is not the unique influence factor for performance dropping of long-tailed recognition. Theoretically, we demonstrate that (1) category similarity, as an inevitable factor, would also influence the model learning under long-tailed distribution via similar samples, (2) using more discriminative representation methods (e.g., self-supervised learning) for similarity reduction, the classifier bias can be further alleviated with greatly improved performance. Extensive experiments on several long-tailed datasets verify the rationality of our theoretical analysis, and show that based on existing state-of-the-arts (SOTAs), the performance could be further improved by similarity reduction. Our investigations highlight the essence behind the long-tailed problem, and claim several feasible directions for future work.      
### 16.Exploiting the relationship between visual and textual features in social networks for image classification with zero-shot deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03751.pdf)
>  One of the main issues related to unsupervised machine learning is the cost of processing and extracting useful information from large datasets. In this work, we propose a classifier ensemble based on the transferable learning capabilities of the CLIP neural network architecture in multimodal environments (image and text) from social media. For this purpose, we used the InstaNY100K dataset and proposed a validation approach based on sampling techniques. Our experiments, based on image classification tasks according to the labels of the Places dataset, are performed by first considering only the visual part, and then adding the associated texts as support. The results obtained demonstrated that trained neural networks such as CLIP can be successfully applied to image classification with little fine-tuning, and considering the associated texts to the images can help to improve the accuracy depending on the goal. The results demonstrated what seems to be a promising research direction.      
### 17.Grid Partitioned Attention: Efficient TransformerApproximation with Inductive Bias for High Resolution Detail Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03742.pdf)
>  Attention is a general reasoning mechanism than can flexibly deal with image information, but its memory requirements had made it so far impractical for high resolution image generation. We present Grid Partitioned Attention (GPA), a new approximate attention algorithm that leverages a sparse inductive bias for higher computational and memory efficiency in image domains: queries attend only to few keys, spatially close queries attend to close keys due to correlations. Our paper introduces the new attention layer, analyzes its complexity and how the trade-off between memory usage and model power can be tuned by the hyper-parameters.We will show how such attention enables novel deep learning architectures with copying modules that are especially useful for conditional image generation tasks like pose morphing. Our contributions are (i) algorithm and code1of the novel GPA layer, (ii) a novel deep attention-copying architecture, and (iii) new state-of-the art experimental results in human pose morphing generation benchmarks.      
### 18.Prior Aided Streaming Network for Multi-task Affective Recognitionat the 2nd ABAW2 Competition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03708.pdf)
>  Automatic affective recognition has been an important research topic in human computer interaction (HCI) area. With recent development of deep learning techniques and large scale in-the-wild annotated datasets, the facial emotion analysis is now aimed at challenges in the real world settings. In this paper, we introduce our submission to the 2nd Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW2) Competition. In dealing with different emotion representations, including Categorical Emotions (CE), Action Units (AU), and Valence Arousal (VA), we propose a multi-task streaming network by a heuristic that the three representations are intrinsically associated with each other. Besides, we leverage an advanced facial expression embedding as prior knowledge, which is capable of capturing identity-invariant expression features while preserving the expression similarities, to aid the down-streaming recognition tasks. The extensive quantitative evaluations as well as ablation studies on the Aff-Wild2 dataset prove the effectiveness of our proposed prior aided streaming network approach.      
### 19.Complete Scanning Application Using OpenCv  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03700.pdf)
>  In the following paper, we have combined the various basic functionalities provided by the NumPy library and OpenCv library, which is an open source for Computer Vision applications, like conversion of colored images to grayscale, calculating threshold, finding contours and using those contour points to take perspective transform of the image inputted by the user, using Python version 3.7. Additional features include cropping, rotating and saving as well. All these functions and features, when implemented step by step, results in a complete scanning application. The applied procedure involves the following steps: Finding contours, applying Perspective transform and brightening the image, Adaptive Thresholding and applying filters for noise cancellation, and Rotation features and perspective transform for a special cropping algorithm. The described technique is implemented on various samples.      
### 20.An Embedded Iris Recognition System Optimization using Dynamically ReconfigurableDecoder with LDPC Codes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03688.pdf)
>  Extracting and analyzing iris textures for biometric recognition has been extensively studied. As the transition of iris recognition from lab technology to nation-scale applications, most systems are facing high complexity in either time or space, leading to unfitness for embedded devices. In this paper, the proposed design includes a minimal set of computer vision modules and multi-mode QC-LDPC decoder which can alleviate variability and noise caused by iris acquisition and follow-up process. Several classes of QC-LDPC code from IEEE 802.16 are tested for the validity of accuracy improvement. Some of the codes mentioned above are used for further QC-LDPC decoder quantization, validation and comparison to each other. We show that we can apply Dynamic Partial Reconfiguration technology to implement the multi-mode QC-LDPC decoder for the iris recognition system. The results show that the implementation is power-efficient and good for edge applications.      
### 21.Feature Pyramid Network for Multi-task Affective Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03670.pdf)
>  Affective Analysis is not a single task, and the valence-arousal value, expression class and action unit can be predicted at the same time. Previous researches failed to take them as a whole task or ignore the entanglement and hierarchical relation of this three facial attributes. We propose a novel model named feature pyramid networks for multi-task affect analysis. The hierarchical features are extracted to predict three labels and we apply teacher-student training strategy to learn from pretrained single-task models. Extensive experiment results demonstrate the proposed model outperform other models. The code and model are available for research purposes at $\href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ryanhe312/ABAW2-FPNMAA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{\text{this link}}$.      
### 22.Crowd Counting via Perspective-Guided Fractional-Dilation Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03665.pdf)
>  Crowd counting is critical for numerous video surveillance scenarios. One of the main issues in this task is how to handle the dramatic scale variations of pedestrians caused by the perspective effect. To address this issue, this paper proposes a novel convolution neural network-based crowd counting method, termed Perspective-guided Fractional-Dilation Network (PFDNet). By modeling the continuous scale variations, the proposed PFDNet is able to select the proper fractional dilation kernels for adapting to different spatial locations. It significantly improves the flexibility of the state-of-the-arts that only consider the discrete representative scales. In addition, by avoiding the multi-scale or multi-column architecture that used in other methods, it is computationally more efficient. In practice, the proposed PFDNet is constructed by stacking multiple Perspective-guided Fractional-Dilation Convolutions (PFC) on a VGG16-BN backbone. By introducing a novel generalized dilation convolution operation, the PFC can handle fractional dilation ratios in the spatial domain under the guidance of perspective annotations, achieving continuous scales modeling of pedestrians. To deal with the problem of unavailable perspective information in some cases, we further introduce an effective perspective estimation branch to the proposed PFDNet, which can be trained in either supervised or weakly-supervised setting once the branch has been pre-trained. Extensive experiments show that the proposed PFDNet outperforms state-of-the-art methods on ShanghaiTech A, ShanghaiTech B, WorldExpo'10, UCF-QNRF, UCF_CC_50 and TRANCOS dataset, achieving MAE 53.8, 6.5, 6.8, 84.3, 205.8, and 3.06 respectively.      
### 23.A Dataset and Method for Hallux Valgus Angle Estimation Based on Deep Learing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03640.pdf)
>  Angular measurements is essential to make a resonable treatment for Hallux valgus (HV), a common forefoot deformity. However, it still depends on manual labeling and measurement, which is time-consuming and sometimes unreliable. Automating this process is a thing of concern. However, it lack of dataset and the keypoints based method which made a great success in pose estimation is not suitable for this <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://field.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> solve the problems, we made a dataset and developed an algorithm based on deep learning and linear regression. It shows great fitting ability to the ground truth.      
### 24.NccFlow: Unsupervised Learning of Optical Flow With Non-occlusion from Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03610.pdf)
>  Optical flow estimation is a fundamental problem of computer vision and has many applications in the fields of robot learning and autonomous driving. This paper reveals novel geometric laws of optical flow based on the insight and detailed definition of non-occlusion. Then, two novel loss functions are proposed for the unsupervised learning of optical flow based on the geometric laws of non-occlusion. Specifically, after the occlusion part of the images are masked, the flowing process of pixels is carefully considered and geometric constraints are conducted based on the geometric laws of optical flow. First, neighboring pixels in the first frame will not intersect during the pixel displacement to the second frame. Secondly, when the cluster containing adjacent four pixels in the first frame moves to the second frame, no other pixels will flow into the quadrilateral formed by them. According to the two geometrical constraints, the optical flow non-intersection loss and the optical flow non-blocking loss in the non-occlusion regions are proposed. Two loss functions punish the irregular and inexact optical flows in the non-occlusion regions. The experiments on datasets demonstrated that the proposed unsupervised losses of optical flow based on the geometric laws in non-occlusion regions make the estimated optical flow more refined in detail, and improve the performance of unsupervised learning of optical flow. In addition, the experiments training on synthetic data and evaluating on real data show that the generalization ability of optical flow network is improved by our proposed unsupervised approach.      
### 25.Multi-frame Collaboration for Effective Endoscopic Video Polyp Detection via Spatial-Temporal Feature Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03609.pdf)
>  Precise localization of polyp is crucial for early cancer screening in gastrointestinal endoscopy. Videos given by endoscopy bring both richer contextual information as well as more challenges than still images. The camera-moving situation, instead of the common camera-fixed-object-moving one, leads to significant background variation between frames. Severe internal artifacts (e.g. water flow in the human body, specular reflection by tissues) can make the quality of adjacent frames vary considerately. These factors hinder a video-based model to effectively aggregate features from neighborhood frames and give better predictions. In this paper, we present Spatial-Temporal Feature Transformation (STFT), a multi-frame collaborative framework to address these issues. Spatially, STFT mitigates inter-frame variations in the camera-moving situation with feature alignment by proposal-guided deformable convolutions. Temporally, STFT proposes a channel-aware attention module to simultaneously estimate the quality and correlation of adjacent frames for adaptive feature aggregation. Empirical studies and superior results demonstrate the effectiveness and stability of our method. For example, STFT improves the still image baseline FCOS by 10.6% and 20.6% on the comprehensive F1-score of the polyp localization task in CVC-Clinic and ASUMayo datasets, respectively, and outperforms the state-of-the-art video-based method by 3.6% and 8.0%, respectively. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lingyunwu14/STFT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 26.Case-based similar image retrieval for weakly annotated large histopathological images of malignant lymphoma using deep metric learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03602.pdf)
>  In the present study, we propose a novel case-based similar image retrieval (SIR) method for hematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E)-stained histopathological images of malignant lymphoma. When a whole slide image (WSI) is used as an input query, it is desirable to be able to retrieve similar cases by focusing on image patches in pathologically important regions such as tumor cells. To address this problem, we employ attention-based multiple instance learning, which enables us to focus on tumor-specific regions when the similarity between cases is computed. Moreover, we employ contrastive distance metric learning to incorporate immunohistochemical (IHC) staining patterns as useful supervised information for defining appropriate similarity between heterogeneous malignant lymphoma cases. In the experiment with 249 malignant lymphoma patients, we confirmed that the proposed method exhibited higher evaluation measures than the baseline case-based SIR methods. Furthermore, the subjective evaluation by pathologists revealed that our similarity measure using IHC staining patterns is appropriate for representing the similarity of H&amp;E-stained tissue images for malignant lymphoma.      
### 27.SCSS-Net: Superpoint Constrained Semi-supervised Segmentation Network for 3D Indoor Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03601.pdf)
>  Many existing deep neural networks (DNNs) for 3D point cloud semantic segmentation require a large amount of fully labeled training data. However, manually assigning point-level labels on the complex scenes is time-consuming. While unlabeled point clouds can be easily obtained from sensors or reconstruction, we propose a superpoint constrained semi-supervised segmentation network for 3D point clouds, named as SCSS-Net. Specifically, we use the pseudo labels predicted from unlabeled point clouds for self-training, and the superpoints produced by geometry-based and color-based Region Growing algorithms are combined to modify and delete pseudo labels with low confidence. Additionally, we propose an edge prediction module to constrain the features from edge points of geometry and color. A superpoint feature aggregation module and superpoint feature consistency loss functions are introduced to smooth the point features in each superpoint. Extensive experimental results on two 3D public indoor datasets demonstrate that our method can achieve better performance than some state-of-the-art point cloud segmentation networks and some popular semi-supervised segmentation methods with few labeled scenes.      
### 28.Relation-Based Associative Joint Location for Human Pose Estimation in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03591.pdf)
>  Video-based human pose estimation (HPE) is a vital yet challenging task. While deep learning methods have made significant progress for the HPE, most approaches to this task detect each joint independently, damaging the pose structural information. In this paper, unlike the prior methods, we propose a Relation-based Pose Semantics Transfer Network (RPSTN) to locate joints associatively. Specifically, we design a lightweight joint relation extractor (JRE) to model the pose structural features and associatively generate heatmaps for joints by modeling the relation between any two joints heuristically instead of building each joint heatmap independently. Actually, the proposed JRE module models the spatial configuration of human poses through the relationship between any two joints. Moreover, considering the temporal semantic continuity of videos, the pose semantic information in the current frame is beneficial for guiding the location of joints in the next frame. Therefore, we use the idea of knowledge reuse to propagate the pose semantic information between consecutive frames. In this way, the proposed RPSTN captures temporal dynamics of poses. On the one hand, the JRE module can infer invisible joints according to the relationship between the invisible joints and other visible joints in space. On the other hand, in the time, the propose model can transfer the pose semantic features from the non-occluded frame to the occluded frame to locate occluded joints. Therefore, our method is robust to the occlusion and achieves state-of-the-art results on the two challenging datasets, which demonstrates its effectiveness for video-based human pose estimation. We will release the code and models publicly.      
### 29.Video 3D Sampling for Self-supervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03578.pdf)
>  Most of the existing video self-supervised methods mainly leverage temporal signals of videos, ignoring that the semantics of moving objects and environmental information are all critical for video-related tasks. In this paper, we propose a novel self-supervised method for video representation learning, referred to as Video 3D Sampling (V3S). In order to sufficiently utilize the information (spatial and temporal) provided in videos, we pre-process a video from three dimensions (width, height, time). As a result, we can leverage the spatial information (the size of objects), temporal information (the direction and magnitude of motions) as our learning target. In our implementation, we combine the sampling of the three dimensions and propose the scale and projection transformations in space and time respectively. The experimental results show that, when applied to action recognition, video retrieval and action similarity labeling, our approach improves the state-of-the-arts with significant margins.      
### 30.Rethinking of Pedestrian Attribute Recognition: A Reliable Evaluation under Zero-Shot Pedestrian Identity Setting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03576.pdf)
>  Pedestrian attribute recognition aims to assign multiple attributes to one pedestrian image captured by a video surveillance camera. Although numerous methods are proposed and make tremendous progress, we argue that it is time to step back and analyze the status quo of the area. We review and rethink the recent progress from three perspectives. First, given that there is no explicit and complete definition of pedestrian attribute recognition, we formally define and distinguish pedestrian attribute recognition from other similar tasks. Second, based on the proposed definition, we expose the limitations of the existing datasets, which violate the academic norm and are inconsistent with the essential requirement of practical industry application. Thus, we propose two datasets, PETA\textsubscript{$ZS$} and RAP\textsubscript{$ZS$}, constructed following the zero-shot settings on pedestrian identity. In addition, we also introduce several realistic criteria for future pedestrian attribute dataset construction. Finally, we reimplement existing state-of-the-art methods and introduce a strong baseline method to give reliable evaluations and fair comparisons. Experiments are conducted on four existing datasets and two proposed datasets to measure progress on pedestrian attribute recognition.      
### 31.Uncertainty-aware Human Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03575.pdf)
>  Human motion prediction is essential for tasks such as human motion analysis and human-robot interactions. Most existing approaches have been proposed to realize motion prediction. However, they ignore an important task, the evaluation of the quality of the predicted result. It is far more enough for current approaches in actual scenarios because people can't know how to interact with the machine without the evaluation of prediction, and unreliable predictions may mislead the machine to harm the human. Hence, we propose an uncertainty-aware framework for human motion prediction (UA-HMP). Concretely, we first design an uncertainty-aware predictor through Gaussian modeling to achieve the value and the uncertainty of predicted motion. Then, an uncertainty-guided learning scheme is proposed to quantitate the uncertainty and reduce the negative effect of the noisy samples during optimization for better performance. Our proposed framework is easily combined with current SOTA baselines to overcome their weakness in uncertainty modeling with slight parameters increment. Extensive experiments also show that they can achieve better performance in both short and long-term predictions in H3.6M, CMU-Mocap.      
### 32.Automated Object Behavioral Feature Extraction for Potential Risk Analysis based on Video Sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03554.pdf)
>  Pedestrians are exposed to risk of death or serious injuries on roads, especially unsignalized crosswalks, for a variety of reasons. To date, an extensive variety of studies have reported on vision based traffic safety system. However, many studies required manual inspection of the volumes of traffic video to reliably obtain traffic related objects behavioral factors. In this paper, we propose an automated and simpler system for effectively extracting object behavioral features from video sensors deployed on the road. We conduct basic statistical analysis on these features, and show how they can be useful for monitoring the traffic behavior on the road. We confirm the feasibility of the proposed system by applying our prototype to two unsignalized crosswalks in Osan city, South Korea. To conclude, we compare behaviors of vehicles and pedestrians in those two areas by simple statistical analysis. This study demonstrates the potential for a network of connected video sensors to provide actionable data for smart cities to improve pedestrian safety in dangerous road environments.      
### 33.Staying in Shape: Learning Invariant Shape Representations using Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03552.pdf)
>  Creating representations of shapes that are invari-ant to isometric or almost-isometric transforma-tions has long been an area of interest in shape anal-ysis, since enforcing invariance allows the learningof more effective and robust shape representations.Most existing invariant shape representations arehandcrafted, and previous work on learning shaperepresentations do not focus on producing invariantrepresentations. To solve the problem of learningunsupervised invariant shape representations, weuse contrastive learning, which produces discrimi-native representations through learning invarianceto user-specified data augmentations. To producerepresentations that are specifically isometry andalmost-isometry invariant, we propose new dataaugmentations that randomly sample these transfor-mations. We show experimentally that our methodoutperforms previous unsupervised learning ap-proaches in both effectiveness and robustness.      
### 34.An audiovisual and contextual approach for categorical and continuous emotion recognition in-the-wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03465.pdf)
>  In this work we tackle the task of video-based audio-visual emotion recognition, within the premises of the 2nd Workshop and Competition on Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW). Standard methodologies that rely solely on the extraction of facial features often fall short of accurate emotion prediction in cases where the aforementioned source of affective information is inaccessible due to head/body orientation, low resolution and poor illumination. We aspire to alleviate this problem by leveraging bodily as well as contextual features, as part of a broader emotion recognition framework. A standard CNN-RNN cascade constitutes the backbone of our proposed model for sequence-to-sequence (seq2seq) learning. Apart from learning through the \textit{RGB} input modality, we construct an aural stream which operates on sequences of extracted mel-spectrograms. Our extensive experiments on the challenging and newly assembled Affect-in-the-wild-2 (Aff-Wild2) dataset verify the superiority of our methods over existing approaches, while by properly incorporating all of the aforementioned modules in a network ensemble, we manage to surpass the previous best published recognition scores, in the official validation set. All the code was implemented using PyTorch\footnote{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://pytorch.org/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}} and is publicly available\footnote{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PanosAntoniadis/NTUA-ABAW2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 35.CHASE: Robust Visual Tracking via Cell-Level Differentiable Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03463.pdf)
>  A strong visual object tracker nowadays relies on its well-crafted modules, which typically consist of manually-designed network architectures to deliver high-quality tracking results. Not surprisingly, the manual design process becomes a particularly challenging barrier, as it demands sufficient prior experience, enormous effort, intuition and perhaps some good luck. Meanwhile, neural architecture search has gaining grounds in practical applications such as image segmentation, as a promising method in tackling the issue of automated search of feasible network structures. In this work, we propose a novel cell-level differentiable architecture search mechanism to automate the network design of the tracking module, aiming to adapt backbone features to the objective of a tracking network during offline training. The proposed approach is simple, efficient, and with no need to stack a series of modules to construct a network. Our approach is easy to be incorporated into existing trackers, which is empirically validated using different differentiable architecture search-based methods and tracking objectives. Extensive experimental evaluations demonstrate the superior performance of our approach over five commonly-used benchmarks. Meanwhile, our automated searching process takes 41 (18) hours for the second (first) order DARTS method on the TrackingNet dataset.      
### 36.Comparing ML based Segmentation Models on Jet Fire Radiation Zone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03461.pdf)
>  Risk assessment is relevant in any workplace, however there is a degree of unpredictability when dealing with flammable or hazardous materials so that detection of fire accidents by itself may not be enough. An example of this is the impingement of jet fires, where the heat fluxes of the flame could reach nearby equipment and dramatically increase the probability of a domino effect with catastrophic results. Because of this, the characterization of such fire accidents is important from a risk management point of view. One such characterization would be the segmentation of different radiation zones within the flame, so this paper presents an exploratory research regarding several traditional computer vision and Deep Learning segmentation approaches to solve this specific problem. A data set of propane jet fires is used to train and evaluate the different approaches and given the difference in the distribution of the zones and background of the images, different loss functions, that seek to alleviate data imbalance, are also explored. Additionally, different metrics are correlated to a manual ranking performed by experts to make an evaluation that closely resembles the expert's criteria. The Hausdorff Distance and Adjsted Random Index were the metrics with the highest correlation and the best results were obtained from the UNet architecture with a Weighted Cross-Entropy Loss. These results can be used in future research to extract more geometric information from the segmentation masks or could even be implemented on other types of fire accidents.      
### 37.$S^3$: Sign-Sparse-Shift Reparametrization for Effective Training of Low-bit Shift Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03453.pdf)
>  Shift neural networks reduce computation complexity by removing expensive multiplication operations and quantizing continuous weights into low-bit discrete values, which are fast and energy efficient compared to conventional neural networks. However, existing shift networks are sensitive to the weight initialization, and also yield a degraded performance caused by vanishing gradient and weight sign freezing problem. To address these issues, we propose S low-bit re-parameterization, a novel technique for training low-bit shift networks. Our method decomposes a discrete parameter in a sign-sparse-shift 3-fold manner. In this way, it efficiently learns a low-bit network with a weight dynamics similar to full-precision networks and insensitive to weight initialization. Our proposed training method pushes the boundaries of shift neural networks and shows 3-bit shift networks out-performs their full-precision counterparts in terms of top-1 accuracy on ImageNet.      
### 38.Tensor Methods in Computer Vision and Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03436.pdf)
>  Tensors, or multidimensional arrays, are data structures that can naturally represent visual data of multiple dimensions. Inherently able to efficiently capture structured, latent semantic spaces and high-order interactions, tensors have a long history of applications in a wide span of computer vision problems. With the advent of the deep learning paradigm shift in computer vision, tensors have become even more fundamental. Indeed, essential ingredients in modern deep learning architectures, such as convolutions and attention mechanisms, can readily be considered as tensor mappings. In effect, tensor methods are increasingly finding significant applications in deep learning, including the design of memory and compute efficient network architectures, improving robustness to random noise and adversarial attacks, and aiding the theoretical understanding of deep networks. <br>This article provides an in-depth and practical review of tensors and tensor methods in the context of representation learning and deep learning, with a particular focus on visual data analysis and computer vision applications. Concretely, besides fundamental work in tensor-based visual data analysis methods, we focus on recent developments that have brought on a gradual increase of tensor methods, especially in deep learning architectures, and their implications in computer vision applications. To further enable the newcomer to grasp such concepts quickly, we provide companion Python notebooks, covering key aspects of the paper and implementing them, step-by-step with TensorLy.      
### 39.RMA: Rapid Motor Adaptation for Legged Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04034.pdf)
>  Successful real-world deployment of legged robots would require them to adapt in real-time to unseen scenarios like changing terrains, changing payloads, wear and tear. This paper presents Rapid Motor Adaptation (RMA) algorithm to solve this problem of real-time online adaptation in quadruped robots. RMA consists of two components: a base policy and an adaptation module. The combination of these components enables the robot to adapt to novel situations in fractions of a second. RMA is trained completely in simulation without using any domain knowledge like reference trajectories or predefined foot trajectory generators and is deployed on the A1 robot without any fine-tuning. We train RMA on a varied terrain generator using bioenergetics-inspired rewards and deploy it on a variety of difficult terrains including rocky, slippery, deformable surfaces in environments with grass, long vegetation, concrete, pebbles, stairs, sand, etc. RMA shows state-of-the-art performance across diverse real-world as well as simulation experiments. Video results at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ashish-kmr.github.io/rma-legged-robots/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 40.Malware Classification Using Deep Boosted Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04008.pdf)
>  Malicious activities in cyberspace have gone further than simply hacking machines and spreading viruses. It has become a challenge for a nations survival and hence has evolved to cyber warfare. Malware is a key component of cyber-crime, and its analysis is the first line of defence against attack. This work proposes a novel deep boosted hybrid learning-based malware classification framework and named as Deep boosted Feature Space-based Malware classification (DFS-MC). In the proposed framework, the discrimination power is enhanced by fusing the feature spaces of the best performing customized CNN architectures models and its discrimination by an SVM for classification. The discrimination capacity of the proposed classification framework is assessed by comparing it against the standard customized CNNs. The customized CNN models are implemented in two ways: softmax classifier and deep hybrid learning-based malware classification. In the hybrid learning, Deep features are extracted from customized CNN architectures and fed into the conventional machine learning classifier to improve the classification performance. We also introduced the concept of transfer learning in a customized CNN architecture based malware classification framework through fine-tuning. The performance of the proposed malware classification approaches are validated on the MalImg malware dataset using the hold-out cross-validation technique. Experimental comparisons were conducted by employing innovative, customized CNN, trained from scratch and fine-tuning the customized CNN using transfer learning. The proposed classification framework DFS-MC showed improved results, Accuracy: 98.61%, F-score: 0.96, Precision: 0.96, and Recall: 0.96.      
### 41.3D Neural Scene Representations for Visuomotor Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04004.pdf)
>  Humans have a strong intuitive understanding of the 3D environment around us. The mental model of the physics in our brain applies to objects of different materials and enables us to perform a wide range of manipulation tasks that are far beyond the reach of current robots. In this work, we desire to learn models for dynamic 3D scenes purely from 2D visual observations. Our model combines Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) and time contrastive learning with an autoencoding framework, which learns viewpoint-invariant 3D-aware scene representations. We show that a dynamics model, constructed over the learned representation space, enables visuomotor control for challenging manipulation tasks involving both rigid bodies and fluids, where the target is specified in a viewpoint different from what the robot operates on. When coupled with an auto-decoding framework, it can even support goal specification from camera viewpoints that are outside the training distribution. We further demonstrate the richness of the learned 3D dynamics model by performing future prediction and novel view synthesis. Finally, we provide detailed ablation studies regarding different system designs and qualitative analysis of the learned representations.      
### 42.Active Safety Envelopes using Light Curtains with Probabilistic Guarantees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04000.pdf)
>  To safely navigate unknown environments, robots must accurately perceive dynamic obstacles. Instead of directly measuring the scene depth with a LiDAR sensor, we explore the use of a much cheaper and higher resolution sensor: programmable light curtains. Light curtains are controllable depth sensors that sense only along a surface that a user selects. We use light curtains to estimate the safety envelope of a scene: a hypothetical surface that separates the robot from all obstacles. We show that generating light curtains that sense random locations (from a particular distribution) can quickly discover the safety envelope for scenes with unknown objects. Importantly, we produce theoretical safety guarantees on the probability of detecting an obstacle using random curtains. We combine random curtains with a machine learning based model that forecasts and tracks the motion of the safety envelope efficiently. Our method accurately estimates safety envelopes while providing probabilistic safety guarantees that can be used to certify the efficacy of a robot perception system to detect and avoid dynamic obstacles. We evaluate our approach in a simulated urban driving environment and a real-world environment with moving pedestrians using a light curtain device and show that we can estimate safety envelopes efficiently and effectively. Project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://siddancha.github.io/projects/active-safety-envelopes-with-guarantees" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 43.Learning Vision-Guided Quadrupedal Locomotion End-to-End with Cross-Modal Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03996.pdf)
>  We propose to address quadrupedal locomotion tasks using Reinforcement Learning (RL) with a Transformer-based model that learns to combine proprioceptive information and high-dimensional depth sensor inputs. While learning-based locomotion has made great advances using RL, most methods still rely on domain randomization for training blind agents that generalize to challenging terrains. Our key insight is that proprioceptive states only offer contact measurements for immediate reaction, whereas an agent equipped with visual sensory observations can learn to proactively maneuver environments with obstacles and uneven terrain by anticipating changes in the environment many steps ahead. In this paper, we introduce LocoTransformer, an end-to-end RL method for quadrupedal locomotion that leverages a Transformer-based model for fusing proprioceptive states and visual observations. We evaluate our method in challenging simulated environments with different obstacles and uneven terrain. We show that our method obtains significant improvements over policies with only proprioceptive state inputs, and that Transformer-based models further improve generalization across environments. Our project page with videos is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://RchalYang.github.io/LocoTransformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 44.Atlas-Based Segmentation of Intracochlear Anatomy in Metal Artifact Affected CT Images of the Ear with Co-trained Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03987.pdf)
>  We propose an atlas-based method to segment the intracochlear anatomy (ICA) in the post-implantation CT (Post-CT) images of cochlear implant (CI) recipients that preserves the point-to-point correspondence between the meshes in the atlas and the segmented volumes. To solve this problem, which is challenging because of the strong artifacts produced by the implant, we use a pair of co-trained deep networks that generate dense deformation fields (DDFs) in opposite directions. One network is tasked with registering an atlas image to the Post-CT images and the other network is tasked with registering the Post-CT images to the atlas image. The networks are trained using loss functions based on voxel-wise labels, image content, fiducial registration error, and cycle-consistency constraint. The segmentation of the ICA in the Post-CT images is subsequently obtained by transferring the predefined segmentation meshes of the ICA in the atlas image to the Post-CT images using the corresponding DDFs generated by the trained registration networks. Our model can learn the underlying geometric features of the ICA even though they are obscured by the metal artifacts. We show that our end-to-end network produces results that are comparable to the current state of the art (SOTA) that relies on a two-steps approach that first uses conditional generative adversarial networks to synthesize artifact-free images from the Post-CT images and then uses an active shape model-based method to segment the ICA in the synthetic images. Our method requires a fraction of the time needed by the SOTA, which is important for end-user acceptance.      
### 45.CamTuner: Reinforcement-Learning based System for Camera Parameter Tuning to enhance Analytics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03964.pdf)
>  Complex sensors like video cameras include tens of configurable parameters, which can be set by end-users to customize the sensors to specific application scenarios. Although parameter settings significantly affect the quality of the sensor output and the accuracy of insights derived from sensor data, most end-users use a fixed parameter setting because they lack the skill or understanding to appropriately configure these parameters. We propose CamTuner, which is a system to automatically, and dynamically adapt the complex sensor to changing environments. CamTuner includes two key components. First, a bespoke analytics quality estimator, which is a deep-learning model to automatically and continuously estimate the quality of insights from an analytics unit as the environment around a sensor change. Second, a reinforcement learning (RL) module, which reacts to the changes in quality, and automatically adjusts the camera parameters to enhance the accuracy of insights. We improve the training time of the RL module by an order of magnitude by designing virtual models to mimic essential behavior of the camera: we design virtual knobs that can be set to different values to mimic the effects of assigning different values to the camera's configurable parameters, and we design a virtual camera model that mimics the output from a video camera at different times of the day. These virtual models significantly accelerate training because (a) frame rates from a real camera are limited to 25-30 fps while the virtual models enable processing at 300 fps, (b) we do not have to wait until the real camera sees different environments, which could take weeks or months, and (c) virtual knobs can be updated instantly, while it can take 200-500 ms to change the camera parameter settings. Our dynamic tuning approach results in up to 12% improvement in the accuracy of insights from several video analytics tasks.      
### 46.A hybrid deep learning framework for Covid-19 detection via 3D Chest CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03904.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a hybrid deep learning framework named CTNet which combines convolutional neural network and transformer together for the detection of COVID-19 via 3D chest CT images. It consists of a CNN feature extractor module with SE attention to extract sufficient features from CT scans, together with a transformer model to model the discriminative features of the 3D CT scans. Compared to previous works, CTNet provides an effective and efficient method to perform COVID-19 diagnosis via 3D CT scans with data resampling strategy. Advanced results on a large and public benchmarks, COV19-CT-DB database was achieved by the proposed CTNet, over the state-of-the-art baseline approachproposed together with the dataset.      
### 47.Joint Motion Correction and Super Resolution for Cardiac Segmentation via Latent Optimisation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03887.pdf)
>  In cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) imaging, a 3D high-resolution segmentation of the heart is essential for detailed description of its anatomical structures. However, due to the limit of acquisition duration and respiratory/cardiac motion, stacks of multi-slice 2D images are acquired in clinical routine. The segmentation of these images provides a low-resolution representation of cardiac anatomy, which may contain artefacts caused by motion. Here we propose a novel latent optimisation framework that jointly performs motion correction and super resolution for cardiac image segmentations. Given a low-resolution segmentation as input, the framework accounts for inter-slice motion in cardiac MR imaging and super-resolves the input into a high-resolution segmentation consistent with input. A multi-view loss is incorporated to leverage information from both short-axis view and long-axis view of cardiac imaging. To solve the inverse problem, iterative optimisation is performed in a latent space, which ensures the anatomical plausibility. This alleviates the need of paired low-resolution and high-resolution images for supervised learning. Experiments on two cardiac MR datasets show that the proposed framework achieves high performance, comparable to state-of-the-art super-resolution approaches and with better cross-domain generalisability and anatomical plausibility.      
### 48.Label-set Loss Functions for Partial Supervision: Application to Fetal Brain 3D MRI Parcellation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03846.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have increased the accuracy of automatic segmentation, however, their accuracy depends on the availability of a large number of fully segmented images. Methods to train deep neural networks using images for which some, but not all, regions of interest are segmented are necessary to make better use of partially annotated datasets. In this paper, we propose the first axiomatic definition of label-set loss functions that are the loss functions that can handle partially segmented images. We prove that there is one and only one method to convert a classical loss function for fully segmented images into a proper label-set loss function. Our theory also allows us to define the leaf-Dice loss, a label-set generalization of the Dice loss particularly suited for partial supervision with only missing labels. Using the leaf-Dice loss, we set a new state of the art in partially supervised learning for fetal brain 3D MRI segmentation. We achieve a deep neural network able to segment white matter, ventricles, cerebellum, extra-ventricular CSF, cortical gray matter, deep gray matter, brainstem, and corpus callosum based on fetal brain 3D MRI of anatomically normal fetuses or with open spina bifida. Our implementation of the proposed label-set loss functions is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LucasFidon/label-set-loss-functions" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 49.Elastic deformation of optical coherence tomography images of diabetic macular edema for deep-learning models training: how far to go?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03651.pdf)
>  To explore the clinical validity of elastic deformation of optical coherence tomography (OCT) images for data augmentation in the development of deep-learning model for detection of diabetic macular edema (DME).      
### 50.Deep Learning Based Image Retrieval in the JPEG Compressed Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03648.pdf)
>  Content-based image retrieval (CBIR) systems on pixel domain use low-level features, such as colour, texture and shape, to retrieve images. In this context, two types of image representations i.e. local and global image features have been studied in the literature. Extracting these features from pixel images and comparing them with images from the database is very time-consuming. Therefore, in recent years, there has been some effort to accomplish image analysis directly in the compressed domain with lesser computations. Furthermore, most of the images in our daily transactions are stored in the JPEG compressed format. Therefore, it would be ideal if we could retrieve features directly from the partially decoded or compressed data and use them for retrieval. Here, we propose a unified model for image retrieval which takes DCT coefficients as input and efficiently extracts global and local features directly in the JPEG compressed domain for accurate image retrieval. The experimental findings indicate that our proposed model performed similarly to the current DELG model which takes RGB features as an input with reference to mean average precision while having a faster training and retrieval speed.      
### 51.Regional Differential Information Entropy for Super-Resolution Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03642.pdf)
>  PSNR and SSIM are the most widely used metrics in super-resolution problems, because they are easy to use and can evaluate the similarities between generated images and reference images. However, single image super-resolution is an ill-posed problem, there are multiple corresponding high-resolution images for the same low-resolution image. The similarities can't totally reflect the restoration effect. The perceptual quality of generated images is also important, but PSNR and SSIM do not reflect perceptual quality well. To solve the problem, we proposed a method called regional differential information entropy to measure both of the similarities and perceptual quality. To overcome the problem that traditional image information entropy can't reflect the structure information, we proposed to measure every region's information entropy with sliding window. Considering that the human visual system is more sensitive to the brightness difference at low brightness, we take $\gamma$ quantization rather than linear quantization. To accelerate the method, we reorganized the calculation procedure of information entropy with a neural network. Through experiments on our IQA dataset and PIPAL, this paper proves that RDIE can better quantify perceptual quality of images especially GAN-based images.      
### 52.4D Attention: Comprehensive Framework for Spatio-Temporal Gaze Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03606.pdf)
>  This study presents a framework for capturing human attention in the spatio-temporal domain using eye-tracking glasses. Attention mapping is a key technology for human perceptual activity analysis or Human-Robot Interaction (HRI) to support human visual cognition; however, measuring human attention in dynamic environments is challenging owing to the difficulty in localizing the subject and dealing with moving objects. To address this, we present a comprehensive framework, 4D Attention, for unified gaze mapping onto static and dynamic objects. Specifically, we estimate the glasses pose by leveraging a loose coupling of direct visual localization and Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) values. Further, by installing reconstruction components into our framework, dynamic objects not captured in the 3D environment map are instantiated based on the input images. Finally, a scene rendering component synthesizes a first-person view with identification (ID) textures and performs direct 2D-3D gaze association. Quantitative evaluations showed the effectiveness of our framework. Additionally, we demonstrated the applications of 4D Attention through experiments in real situations.      
### 53.Modality Completion via Gaussian Process Prior Variational Autoencoders for Multi-Modal Glioma Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03442.pdf)
>  In large studies involving multi protocol Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), it can occur to miss one or more sub-modalities for a given patient owing to poor quality (e.g. imaging artifacts), failed acquisitions, or hallway interrupted imaging examinations. In some cases, certain protocols are unavailable due to limited scan time or to retrospectively harmonise the imaging protocols of two independent studies. Missing image modalities pose a challenge to segmentation frameworks as complementary information contributed by the missing scans is then lost. In this paper, we propose a novel model, Multi-modal Gaussian Process Prior Variational Autoencoder (MGP-VAE), to impute one or more missing sub-modalities for a patient scan. MGP-VAE can leverage the Gaussian Process (GP) prior on the Variational Autoencoder (VAE) to utilize the subjects/patients and sub-modalities correlations. Instead of designing one network for each possible subset of present sub-modalities or using frameworks to mix feature maps, missing data can be generated from a single model based on all the available samples. We show the applicability of MGP-VAE on brain tumor segmentation where either, two, or three of four sub-modalities may be missing. Our experiments against competitive segmentation baselines with missing sub-modality on BraTS'19 dataset indicate the effectiveness of the MGP-VAE model for segmentation tasks.      
### 54.LanguageRefer: Spatial-Language Model for 3D Visual Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03438.pdf)
>  To realize robots that can understand human instructions and perform meaningful tasks in the near future, it is important to develop learned models that can understand referential language to identify common objects in real-world 3D scenes. In this paper, we develop a spatial-language model for a 3D visual grounding problem. Specifically, given a reconstructed 3D scene in the form of a point cloud with 3D bounding boxes of potential object candidates, and a language utterance referring to a target object in the scene, our model identifies the target object from a set of potential candidates. Our spatial-language model uses a transformer-based architecture that combines spatial embedding from bounding-box with a finetuned language embedding from DistilBert and reasons among the objects in the 3D scene to find the target object. We show that our model performs competitively on visio-linguistic datasets proposed by ReferIt3D. We provide additional analysis of performance in spatial reasoning tasks decoupled from perception noise, the effect of view-dependent utterances in terms of accuracy, and view-point annotations for potential robotics applications.      
