# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 1 Jul 2021
### 1.Shape Completion via IMLE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16237.pdf)
>  Shape completion is the problem of completing partial input shapes such as partial scans. This problem finds important applications in computer vision and robotics due to issues such as occlusion or sparsity in real-world data. However, most of the existing research related to shape completion has been focused on completing shapes by learning a one-to-one mapping which limits the diversity and creativity of the produced results. We propose a novel multimodal shape completion technique that is effectively able to learn a one-to-many mapping and generates diverse complete shapes. Our approach is based on the conditional Implicit MaximumLikelihood Estimation (IMLE) technique wherein we condition our inputs on partial 3D point clouds. We extensively evaluate our approach by comparing it to various baselines both quantitatively and qualitatively. We show that our method is superior to alternatives in terms of completeness and diversity of shapes      
### 2.S2C2 - An orthogonal method for Semi-Supervised Learning on fuzzy labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16209.pdf)
>  Semi-Supervised Learning (SSL) can decrease the amount of required labeled image data and thus the cost for deep learning. Most SSL methods only consider a clear distinction between classes but in many real-world datasets, this clear distinction is not given due to intra- or interobserver variability. This variability can lead to different annotations per image. Thus many images have ambiguous annotations and their label needs to be considered "fuzzy". This fuzziness of labels must be addressed as it will limit the performance of Semi-Supervised Learning (SSL) and deep learning in general. We propose Semi-Supervised Classification &amp; Clustering (S2C2) which can extend many deep SSL algorithms. S2C2 can estimate the fuzziness of a label and applies SSL as a classification to certainly labeled data while creating distinct clusters for images with similar but fuzzy labels. We show that S2C2 results in median 7.4% better F1-score for classifications and 5.4% lower inner distance of clusters across multiple SSL algorithms and datasets while being more interpretable due to the fuzziness estimation of our method. Overall, a combination of Semi-Supervised Learning with our method S2C2 leads to better handling of the fuzziness of labels and thus real-world datasets.      
### 3.Small in-distribution changes in 3D perspective and lighting fool both CNNs and Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16198.pdf)
>  Neural networks are susceptible to small transformations including 2D rotations and shifts, image crops, and even changes in object colors. This is often attributed to biases in the training dataset, and the lack of 2D shift-invariance due to not respecting the sampling theorem. In this paper, we challenge this hypothesis by training and testing on unbiased datasets, and showing that networks are brittle to both small 3D perspective changes and lighting variations which cannot be explained by dataset bias or lack of shift-invariance. To find these in-distribution errors, we introduce an evolution strategies (ES) based approach, which we call CMA-Search. Despite training with a large-scale (0.5 million images), unbiased dataset of camera and light variations, in over 71% cases CMA-Search can find camera parameters in the vicinity of a correctly classified image which lead to in-distribution misclassifications with &lt; 3.6% change in parameters. With lighting changes, CMA-Search finds misclassifications in 33% cases with &lt; 11.6% change in parameters. Finally, we extend this method to find misclassifications in the vicinity of ImageNet images for both ResNet and OpenAI's CLIP model.      
### 4.Learning More for Free - A Multi Task Learning Approach for Improved Pathology Classification in Capsule Endoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16162.pdf)
>  The progress in Computer Aided Diagnosis (CADx) of Wireless Capsule Endoscopy (WCE) is thwarted by the lack of data. The inadequacy in richly representative healthy and abnormal conditions results in isolated analyses of pathologies, that can not handle realistic multi-pathology scenarios. In this work, we explore how to learn more for free, from limited data through solving a WCE multicentric, multi-pathology classification problem. Learning more implies to learning more than full supervision would allow with the same data. This is done by combining self supervision with full supervision, under multi task learning. Additionally, we draw inspiration from the Human Visual System (HVS) in designing self supervision tasks and investigate if seemingly ineffectual signals within the data itself can be exploited to gain performance, if so, which signals would be better than others. Further, we present our analysis of the high level features as a stepping stone towards more robust multi-pathology CADx in WCE.      
### 5.Automated Onychomycosis Detection Using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16139.pdf)
>  Clinical dermatology, still relies heavily on manual introspection of fungi within a Potassium Hydroxide (KOH) solution using a brightfield microscope. However, this method takes a long time, is based on the experience of the clinician, and has a low accuracy. With the increase of neural network applications in the field of clinical microscopy it is now possible to automate such manual processes increasing both efficiency and accuracy. This study presents a deep neural network structure that enables the rapid solutions for these problems and can perform automatic fungi detection in grayscale images without colorants. Microscopic images of 81 fungi and 235 ceratine were collected. Then, smaller patches were extracted containing 2062 fungi and 2142 ceratine. In order to detect fungus and ceratine, two models were created one of which was a custom neural network and the other was based on the VGG16 architecture. The developed custom model had 99.84% accuracy, and an area under the curve (AUC) value of 1.00, while the VGG16 model had 98.89% accuracy and an AUC value of 0.99. However, average accuracy and AUC value of clinicians is 72.8% and 0.87 respectively. This deep learning model allows the development of an automated system that can detect fungi within microscopic images.      
### 6.Weakly Supervised Temporal Adjacent Network for Language Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16136.pdf)
>  Temporal language grounding (TLG) is a fundamental and challenging problem for vision and language understanding. Existing methods mainly focus on fully supervised setting with temporal boundary labels for training, which, however, suffers expensive cost of annotation. In this work, we are dedicated to weakly supervised TLG, where multiple description sentences are given to an untrimmed video without temporal boundary labels. In this task, it is critical to learn a strong cross-modal semantic alignment between sentence semantics and visual content. To this end, we introduce a novel weakly supervised temporal adjacent network (WSTAN) for temporal language grounding. Specifically, WSTAN learns cross-modal semantic alignment by exploiting temporal adjacent network in a multiple instance learning (MIL) paradigm, with a whole description paragraph as input. Moreover, we integrate a complementary branch into the framework, which explicitly refines the predictions with pseudo supervision from the MIL stage. An additional self-discriminating loss is devised on both the MIL branch and the complementary branch, aiming to enhance semantic discrimination by self-supervising. Extensive experiments are conducted on three widely used benchmark datasets, \emph{i.e.}, ActivityNet-Captions, Charades-STA, and DiDeMo, and the results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 7.Recurrently Estimating Reflective Symmetry Planes from Partial Pointclouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16129.pdf)
>  Many man-made objects are characterised by a shape that is symmetric along one or more planar directions. Estimating the location and orientation of such symmetry planes can aid many tasks such as estimating the overall orientation of an object of interest or performing shape completion, where a partial scan of an object is reflected across the estimated symmetry plane in order to obtain a more detailed shape. Many methods processing 3D data rely on expensive 3D convolutions. In this paper we present an alternative novel encoding that instead slices the data along the height dimension and passes it sequentially to a 2D convolutional recurrent regression scheme. The method also comprises a differentiable least squares step, allowing for end-to-end accurate and fast processing of both full and partial scans of symmetric objects. We use this approach to efficiently handle 3D inputs to design a method to estimate planar reflective symmetries. We show that our approach has an accuracy comparable to state-of-the-art techniques on the task of planar reflective symmetry estimation on full synthetic objects. Additionally, we show that it can be deployed on partial scans of objects in a real-world pipeline to improve the outputs of a 3D object detector.      
### 8.Dual Reweighting Domain Generalization for Face Presentation Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16128.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing approaches based on domain generalization (DG) have drawn growing attention due to their robustness for unseen scenarios. Previous methods treat each sample from multiple domains indiscriminately during the training process, and endeavor to extract a common feature space to improve the generalization. However, due to complex and biased data distribution, directly treating them equally will corrupt the generalization ability. To settle the issue, we propose a novel Dual Reweighting Domain Generalization (DRDG) framework which iteratively reweights the relative importance between samples to further improve the generalization. Concretely, Sample Reweighting Module is first proposed to identify samples with relatively large domain bias, and reduce their impact on the overall optimization. Afterwards, Feature Reweighting Module is introduced to focus on these samples and extract more domain-irrelevant features via a self-distilling mechanism. Combined with the domain discriminator, the iteration of the two modules promotes the extraction of generalized features. Extensive experiments and visualizations are presented to demonstrate the effectiveness and interpretability of our method against the state-of-the-art competitors.      
### 9.Recognizing Facial Expressions in the Wild using Multi-Architectural Representations based Ensemble Learning with Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16126.pdf)
>  Facial expressions are the most universal forms of body language and automatic facial expression recognition is one of the challenging tasks due to different uncertainties. However, it has been an active field of research for many years. Nevertheless, efficiency and performance are yet essential aspects for building robust systems. We proposed two models, EmoXNet which is an ensemble learning technique for learning convoluted facial representations, and EmoXNetLite which is a distillation technique that is useful for transferring the knowledge from our ensemble model to an efficient deep neural network using label-smoothen soft labels for able to effectively detect expressions in real-time. Both of the techniques performed quite well, where the ensemble model (EmoXNet) helped to achieve 85.07% test accuracy on FER2013 with FER+ annotations and 86.25% test accuracy on RAF-DB. Moreover, the distilled model (EmoXNetLite) showed 82.07% test accuracy on FER2013 with FER+ annotations and 81.78% test accuracy on RAF-DB.      
### 10.Affective Image Content Analysis: Two Decades Review and New Perspectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16125.pdf)
>  Images can convey rich semantics and induce various emotions in viewers. Recently, with the rapid advancement of emotional intelligence and the explosive growth of visual data, extensive research efforts have been dedicated to affective image content analysis (AICA). In this survey, we will comprehensively review the development of AICA in the recent two decades, especially focusing on the state-of-the-art methods with respect to three main challenges -- the affective gap, perception subjectivity, and label noise and absence. We begin with an introduction to the key emotion representation models that have been widely employed in AICA and description of available datasets for performing evaluation with quantitative comparison of label noise and dataset bias. We then summarize and compare the representative approaches on (1) emotion feature extraction, including both handcrafted and deep features, (2) learning methods on dominant emotion recognition, personalized emotion prediction, emotion distribution learning, and learning from noisy data or few labels, and (3) AICA based applications. Finally, we discuss some challenges and promising research directions in the future, such as image content and context understanding, group emotion clustering, and viewer-image interaction.      
### 11.Zero-shot Learning with Class Description Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16108.pdf)
>  The purpose of generative Zero-shot learning (ZSL) is to learning from seen classes, transfer the learned knowledge, and create samples of unseen classes from the description of these unseen categories. To achieve better ZSL accuracies, models need to better understand the descriptions of unseen classes. We introduce a novel form of regularization that encourages generative ZSL models to pay more attention to the description of each category. Our empirical results demonstrate improvements over the performance of multiple state-of-the-art models on the task of generalized zero-shot recognition and classification when trained on textual description-based datasets like CUB and NABirds and attribute-based datasets like AWA2, aPY and SUN.      
### 12.Synthetic Data Are as Good as the Real for Association Knowledge Learning in Multi-object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16100.pdf)
>  Association, aiming to link bounding boxes of the same identity in a video sequence, is a central component in multi-object tracking (MOT). To train association modules, e.g., parametric networks, real video data are usually used. However, annotating person tracks in consecutive video frames is expensive, and such real data, due to its inflexibility, offer us limited opportunities to evaluate the system performance w.r.t changing tracking scenarios. In this paper, we study whether 3D synthetic data can replace real-world videos for association training. Specifically, we introduce a large-scale synthetic data engine named MOTX, where the motion characteristics of cameras and objects are manually configured to be similar to those in real-world datasets. We show that compared with real data, association knowledge obtained from synthetic data can achieve very similar performance on real-world test sets without domain adaption techniques. Our intriguing observation is credited to two factors. First and foremost, 3D engines can well simulate motion factors such as camera movement, camera view and object movement, so that the simulated videos can provide association modules with effective motion features. Second, experimental results show that the appearance domain gap hardly harms the learning of association knowledge. In addition, the strong customization ability of MOTX allows us to quantitatively assess the impact of motion factors on MOT, which brings new insights to the community.      
### 13.Multi-Source domain adaptation via supervised contrastive learning and confident consistency regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16093.pdf)
>  Multi-Source Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (multi-source UDA) aims to learn a model from several labeled source domains while performing well on a different target domain where only unlabeled data are available at training time. To align source and target features distributions, several recent works use source and target explicit statistics matching such as features moments or class centroids. Yet, these approaches do not guarantee class conditional distributions alignment across domains. In this work, we propose a new framework called Contrastive Multi-Source Domain Adaptation (CMSDA) for multi-source UDA that addresses this limitation. Discriminative features are learned from interpolated source examples via cross entropy minimization and from target examples via consistency regularization and hard pseudo-labeling. Simultaneously, interpolated source examples are leveraged to align source class conditional distributions through an interpolated version of the supervised contrastive loss. This alignment leads to more general and transferable features which further improve the generalization on the target domain. Extensive experiments have been carried out on three standard multi-source UDA datasets where our method reports state-of-the-art results.      
### 14.A Survey on Adversarial Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16056.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been extremely successful in various application domains. Adversarial image synthesis has drawn increasing attention and made tremendous progress in recent years because of its wide range of applications in many computer vision and image processing problems. Among the many applications of GAN, image synthesis is the most well-studied one, and research in this area has already demonstrated the great potential of using GAN in image synthesis. In this paper, we provide a taxonomy of methods used in image synthesis, review different models for text-to-image synthesis and image-to-image translation, and discuss some evaluation metrics as well as possible future research directions in image synthesis with GAN.      
### 15.Efficient Spatio-Temporal Recurrent Neural Network for Video Deblurring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16028.pdf)
>  Real-time video deblurring still remains a challenging task due to the complexity of spatially and temporally varying blur itself and the requirement of low computational cost. To improve the network efficiency, we adopt residual dense blocks into RNN cells, so as to efficiently extract the spatial features of the current frame. Furthermore, a global spatio-temporal attention module is proposed to fuse the effective hierarchical features from past and future frames to help better deblur the current frame. Another issue needs to be addressed urgently is the lack of a real-world benchmark dataset. Thus, we contribute a novel dataset (BSD) to the community, by collecting paired blurry/sharp video clips using a co-axis beam splitter acquisition system. Experimental results show that the proposed method (ESTRNN) can achieve better deblurring performance both quantitatively and qualitatively with less computational cost against state-of-the-art video deblurring methods. In addition, cross-validation experiments between datasets illustrate the high generality of BSD over the synthetic datasets. The code and dataset are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zzh-tech/ESTRNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.MissFormer: (In-)attention-based handling of missing observations for trajectory filtering and prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16009.pdf)
>  In applications such as object tracking, time-series data inevitably carry missing observations. Following the success of deep learning-based models for various sequence learning tasks, these models increasingly replace classic approaches in object tracking applications for inferring the object motions state. While traditional tracking approaches can deal with missing observations, most of their deep counterparts are, by default, not suited for this. <br>Towards this end, this paper introduces a transformer-based approach for handling missing observations in variable input length trajectory data. The model is formed indirectly by successively increasing the complexity of the demanded inference tasks. Starting from reproducing noise-free trajectories, the model then learns to infer trajectories from noisy inputs. By providing missing tokens, binary-encoded missing events, the model learns to in-attend to missing data and infers a complete trajectory conditioned on the remaining inputs. In the case of a sequence of successive missing events, the model then acts as a pure prediction model. The model's abilities are demonstrated on synthetic data and real-world data reflecting prototypical object tracking scenarios.      
### 17.Mutual-GAN: Towards Unsupervised Cross-Weather Adaptation with Mutual Information Constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16000.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN) have proven its success for semantic segmentation, which is a core task of emerging industrial applications such as autonomous driving. However, most progress in semantic segmentation of urban scenes is reported on standard scenarios, i.e., daytime scenes with favorable illumination conditions. In practical applications, the outdoor weather and illumination are changeable, e.g., cloudy and nighttime, which results in a significant drop of semantic segmentation accuracy of CNN only trained with daytime data. In this paper, we propose a novel generative adversarial network (namely Mutual-GAN) to alleviate the accuracy decline when daytime-trained neural network is applied to videos captured under adverse weather conditions. The proposed Mutual-GAN adopts mutual information constraint to preserve image-objects during cross-weather adaptation, which is an unsolved problem for most unsupervised image-to-image translation approaches (e.g., CycleGAN). The proposed Mutual-GAN is evaluated on two publicly available driving video datasets (i.e., CamVid and SYNTHIA). The experimental results demonstrate that our Mutual-GAN can yield visually plausible translated images and significantly improve the semantic segmentation accuracy of daytime-trained deep learning network while processing videos under challenging weathers.      
### 18.Single-Step Adversarial Training for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15998.pdf)
>  Even though deep neural networks succeed on many different tasks including semantic segmentation, they lack on robustness against adversarial examples. To counteract this exploit, often adversarial training is used. However, it is known that adversarial training with weak adversarial attacks (e.g. using the Fast Gradient Method) does not improve the robustness against stronger attacks. Recent research shows that it is possible to increase the robustness of such single-step methods by choosing an appropriate step size during the training. Finding such a step size, without increasing the computational effort of single-step adversarial training, is still an open challenge. In this work we address the computationally particularly demanding task of semantic segmentation and propose a new step size control algorithm that increases the robustness of single-step adversarial training. The proposed algorithm does not increase the computational effort of single-step adversarial training considerably and also simplifies training, because it is free of meta-parameter. We show that the robustness of our approach can compete with multi-step adversarial training on two popular benchmarks for semantic segmentation.      
### 19.Cyclist Trajectory Forecasts by Incorporation of Multi-View Video Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15991.pdf)
>  This article presents a novel approach to incorporate visual cues from video-data from a wide-angle stereo camera system mounted at an urban intersection into the forecast of cyclist trajectories. We extract features from image and optical flow (OF) sequences using 3D convolutional neural networks (3D-ConvNet) and combine them with features extracted from the cyclist's past trajectory to forecast future cyclist positions. By the use of additional information, we are able to improve positional accuracy by about 7.5 % for our test dataset and by up to 22 % for specific motion types compared to a method solely based on past trajectories. Furthermore, we compare the use of image sequences to the use of OF sequences as additional information, showing that OF alone leads to significant improvements in positional accuracy. By training and testing our methods using a real-world dataset recorded at a heavily frequented public intersection and evaluating the methods' runtimes, we demonstrate the applicability in real traffic scenarios. Our code and parts of our dataset are made publicly available.      
### 20.Word-level Sign Language Recognition with Multi-stream Neural Networks Focusing on Local Regions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15989.pdf)
>  In recent years, Word-level Sign Language Recognition (WSLR) research has gained popularity in the computer vision community, and thus various approaches have been proposed. Among these approaches, the method using I3D network achieves the highest recognition accuracy on large public datasets for WSLR. However, the method with I3D only utilizes appearance information of the upper body of the signers to recognize sign language words. On the other hand, in WSLR, the information of local regions, such as the hand shape and facial expression, and the positional relationship among the body and both hands are important. Thus in this work, we utilized local region images of both hands and face, along with skeletal information to capture local information and the positions of both hands relative to the body, respectively. In other words, we propose a novel multi-stream WSLR framework, in which a stream with local region images and a stream with skeletal information are introduced by extending I3D network to improve the recognition accuracy of WSLR. From the experimental results on WLASL dataset, it is evident that the proposed method has achieved about 15% improvement in the Top-1 accuracy than the existing conventional methods.      
### 21.SOLO: A Simple Framework for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15947.pdf)
>  Compared to many other dense prediction tasks, e.g., semantic segmentation, it is the arbitrary number of instances that has made instance segmentation much more challenging. In order to predict a mask for each instance, mainstream approaches either follow the 'detect-then-segment' strategy (e.g., Mask R-CNN), or predict embedding vectors first then cluster pixels into individual instances. In this paper, we view the task of instance segmentation from a completely new perspective by introducing the notion of "instance categories", which assigns categories to each pixel within an instance according to the instance's location. With this notion, we propose segmenting objects by locations (SOLO), a simple, direct, and fast framework for instance segmentation with strong performance. We derive a few SOLO variants (e.g., Vanilla SOLO, Decoupled SOLO, Dynamic SOLO) following the basic principle. Our method directly maps a raw input image to the desired object categories and instance masks, eliminating the need for the grouping post-processing or the bounding box detection. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art results for instance segmentation in terms of both speed and accuracy, while being considerably simpler than the existing methods. Besides instance segmentation, our method yields state-of-the-art results in object detection (from our mask byproduct) and panoptic segmentation. We further demonstrate the flexibility and high-quality segmentation of SOLO by extending it to perform one-stage instance-level image matting. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/AdelaiDet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 22.Augmented Shortcuts for Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15941.pdf)
>  Transformer models have achieved great progress on computer vision tasks recently. The rapid development of vision transformers is mainly contributed by their high representation ability for extracting informative features from input images. However, the mainstream transformer models are designed with deep architectures, and the feature diversity will be continuously reduced as the depth increases, i.e., feature collapse. In this paper, we theoretically analyze the feature collapse phenomenon and study the relationship between shortcuts and feature diversity in these transformer models. Then, we present an augmented shortcut scheme, which inserts additional paths with learnable parameters in parallel on the original shortcuts. To save the computational costs, we further explore an efficient approach that uses the block-circulant projection to implement augmented shortcuts. Extensive experiments conducted on benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method, which brings about 1% accuracy increase of the state-of-the-art visual transformers without obviously increasing their parameters and FLOPs.      
### 23.Positive-unlabeled Learning for Cell Detection in Histopathology Images with Incomplete Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15918.pdf)
>  Cell detection in histopathology images is of great value in clinical practice. \textit{Convolutional neural networks} (CNNs) have been applied to cell detection to improve the detection accuracy, where cell annotations are required for network training. However, due to the variety and large number of cells, complete annotations that include every cell of interest in the training images can be challenging. Usually, incomplete annotations can be achieved, where positive labeling results are carefully examined to ensure their reliability but there can be other positive instances, i.e., cells of interest, that are not included in the annotations. This annotation strategy leads to a lack of knowledge about true negative samples. Most existing methods simply treat instances that are not labeled as positive as truly negative during network training, which can adversely affect the network performance. In this work, to address the problem of incomplete annotations, we formulate the training of detection networks as a positive-unlabeled learning problem. Specifically, the classification loss in network training is revised to take into account incomplete annotations, where the terms corresponding to negative samples are approximated with the true positive samples and the other samples of which the labels are unknown. To evaluate the proposed method, experiments were performed on a publicly available dataset for mitosis detection in breast cancer cells, and the experimental results show that our method improves the performance of cell detection given incomplete annotations for training.      
### 24.A Structured Analysis of the Video Degradation Effects on the Performance of a Machine Learning-enabled Pedestrian Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15889.pdf)
>  ML-enabled software systems have been incorporated in many public demonstrations for automated driving (AD) systems. Such solutions have also been considered as a crucial approach to aim at SAE Level 5 systems, where the passengers in such vehicles do not have to interact with the system at all anymore. Already in 2016, Nvidia demonstrated a complete end-to-end approach for training the complete software stack covering perception, planning and decision making, and the actual vehicle control. While such approaches show the great potential of such ML-enabled systems, there have also been demonstrations where already changes to single pixels in a video frame can potentially lead to completely different decisions with dangerous consequences. In this paper, a structured analysis has been conducted to explore video degradation effects on the performance of an ML-enabled pedestrian detector. Firstly, a baseline of applying YOLO to 1,026 frames with pedestrian annotations in the KITTI Vision Benchmark Suite has been established. Next, video degradation candidates for each of these frames were generated using the leading video codecs libx264, libx265, Nvidia HEVC, and AV1: 52 frames for the various compression presets for color and gray-scale frames resulting in 104 degradation candidates per original KITTI frame and 426,816 images in total. YOLO was applied to each image to compute the intersection-over-union (IoU) metric to compare the performance with the original baseline. While aggressively lossy compression settings result in significant performance drops as expected, it was also observed that some configurations actually result in slightly better IoU results compared to the baseline. The findings show that carefully chosen lossy video configurations preserve a decent performance of particular ML-enabled systems while allowing for substantial savings when storing or transmitting data.      
### 25.Semantic Segmentation of Periocular Near-Infra-Red Eye Images Under Alcohol Effects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15828.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new framework to detect, segment, and estimate the localization of the eyes from a periocular Near-Infra-Red iris image under alcohol consumption. The purpose of the system is to measure the fitness for duty. Fitness systems allow us to determine whether a person is physically or psychologically able to perform their tasks. Our framework is based on an object detector trained from scratch to detect both eyes from a single image. Then, two efficient networks were used for semantic segmentation; a Criss-Cross attention network and DenseNet10, with only 122,514 and 210,732 parameters, respectively. These networks can find the pupil, iris, and sclera. In the end, the binary output eye mask is used for pupil and iris diameter estimation with high precision. Five state-of-the-art algorithms were used for this purpose. A mixed proposal reached the best results. A second contribution is establishing an alcohol behavior curve to detect the alcohol presence utilizing a stream of images captured from an iris instance. Also, a manually labeled database with more than 20k images was created. Our best method obtains a mean Intersection-over-Union of 94.54% with DenseNet10 with only 210,732 parameters and an error of only 1-pixel on average.      
### 26.When Video Classification Meets Incremental Classes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15827.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of social media, tremendous videos with new classes are generated daily, which raise an urgent demand for video classification methods that can continuously update new classes while maintaining the knowledge of old videos with limited storage and computing resources. In this paper, we summarize this task as \textit{Class-Incremental Video Classification (CIVC)} and propose a novel framework to address it. As a subarea of incremental learning tasks, the challenge of \textit{catastrophic forgetting} is unavoidable in CIVC. To better alleviate it, we utilize some characteristics of videos. First, we decompose the spatio-temporal knowledge before distillation rather than treating it as a whole in the knowledge transfer process; trajectory is also used to refine the decomposition. Second, we propose a dual granularity exemplar selection method to select and store representative video instances of old classes and key-frames inside videos under a tight storage budget. We benchmark our method and previous SOTA class-incremental learning methods on Something-Something V2 and Kinetics datasets, and our method outperforms previous methods significantly.      
### 27.Content-Aware Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15797.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have achieved great success due to the powerful feature learning ability of convolution layers. Specifically, the standard convolution traverses the input images/features using a sliding window scheme to extract features. However, not all the windows contribute equally to the prediction results of CNNs. In practice, the convolutional operation on some of the windows (e.g., smooth windows that contain very similar pixels) can be very redundant and may introduce noises into the computation. Such redundancy may not only deteriorate the performance but also incur the unnecessary computational cost. Thus, it is important to reduce the computational redundancy of convolution to improve the performance. To this end, we propose a Content-aware Convolution (CAC) that automatically detects the smooth windows and applies a 1x1 convolutional kernel to replace the original large kernel. In this sense, we are able to effectively avoid the redundant computation on similar pixels. By replacing the standard convolution in CNNs with our CAC, the resultant models yield significantly better performance and lower computational cost than the baseline models with the standard convolution. More critically, we are able to dynamically allocate suitable computation resources according to the data smoothness of different images, making it possible for content-aware computation. Extensive experiments on various computer vision tasks demonstrate the superiority of our method over existing methods.      
### 28.Monocular 3D Object Detection: An Extrinsic Parameter Free Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15796.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D object detection is an important task in autonomous driving. It can be easily intractable where there exists ego-car pose change w.r.t. ground plane. This is common due to the slight fluctuation of road smoothness and slope. Due to the lack of insight in industrial application, existing methods on open datasets neglect the camera pose information, which inevitably results in the detector being susceptible to camera extrinsic parameters. The perturbation of objects is very popular in most autonomous driving cases for industrial products. To this end, we propose a novel method to capture camera pose to formulate the detector free from extrinsic perturbation. Specifically, the proposed framework predicts camera extrinsic parameters by detecting vanishing point and horizon change. A converter is designed to rectify perturbative features in the latent space. By doing so, our 3D detector works independent of the extrinsic parameter variations and produces accurate results in realistic cases, e.g., potholed and uneven roads, where almost all existing monocular detectors fail to handle. Experiments demonstrate our method yields the best performance compared with the other state-of-the-arts by a large margin on both KITTI 3D and nuScenes datasets.      
### 29.Multi-Source Domain Adaptation for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15793.pdf)
>  To reduce annotation labor associated with object detection, an increasing number of studies focus on transferring the learned knowledge from a labeled source domain to another unlabeled target domain. However, existing methods assume that the labeled data are sampled from a single source domain, which ignores a more generalized scenario, where labeled data are from multiple source domains. For the more challenging task, we propose a unified Faster R-CNN based framework, termed Divide-and-Merge Spindle Network (DMSN), which can simultaneously enhance domain invariance and preserve discriminative power. Specifically, the framework contains multiple source subnets and a pseudo target subnet. First, we propose a hierarchical feature alignment strategy to conduct strong and weak alignments for low- and high-level features, respectively, considering their different effects for object detection. Second, we develop a novel pseudo subnet learning algorithm to approximate optimal parameters of pseudo target subset by weighted combination of parameters in different source subnets. Finally, a consistency regularization for region proposal network is proposed to facilitate each subnet to learn more abstract invariances. Extensive experiments on different adaptation scenarios demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model.      
### 30.Align Yourself: Self-supervised Pre-training for Fine-grained Recognition via Saliency Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15788.pdf)
>  Self-supervised contrastive learning has demonstrated great potential in learning visual representations. Despite their success on various downstream tasks such as image classification and object detection, self-supervised pre-training for fine-grained scenarios is not fully explored. In this paper, we first point out that current contrastive methods are prone to memorizing background/foreground texture and therefore have a limitation in localizing the foreground object. Analysis suggests that learning to extract discriminative texture information and localization are equally crucial for self-supervised pre-training under fine-grained scenarios. Based on our findings, we introduce Cross-view Saliency Alignment (CVSA), a contrastive learning framework that first crops and swaps saliency regions of images as a novel view generation and then guides the model to localize on the foreground object via a cross-view alignment loss. Extensive experiments on four popular fine-grained classification benchmarks show that CVSA significantly improves the learned representation.      
### 31.Long-Short Temporal Modeling for Efficient Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15787.pdf)
>  Efficient long-short temporal modeling is key for enhancing the performance of action recognition task. In this paper, we propose a new two-stream action recognition network, termed as MENet, consisting of a Motion Enhancement (ME) module and a Video-level Aggregation (VLA) module to achieve long-short temporal modeling. Specifically, motion representations have been proved effective in capturing short-term and high-frequency action. However, current motion representations are calculated from adjacent frames, which may have poor interpretation and bring useless information (noisy or blank). Thus, for short-term motions, we design an efficient ME module to enhance the short-term motions by mingling the motion saliency among neighboring segments. As for long-term aggregations, VLA is adopted at the top of the appearance branch to integrate the long-term dependencies across all segments. The two components of MENet are complementary in temporal modeling. Extensive experiments are conducted on UCF101 and HMDB51 benchmarks, which verify the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed MENet.      
### 32.Dense Graph Convolutional Neural Networks on 3D Meshes for 3D Object Segmentation and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15778.pdf)
>  This paper presents new designs of graph convolutional neural networks (GCNs) on 3D meshes for 3D object segmentation and classification. We use the faces of the mesh as basic processing units and represent a 3D mesh as a graph where each node corresponds to a face. To enhance the descriptive power of the graph, we introduce a 1-ring face neighbourhood structure to derive novel multi-dimensional spatial and structure features to represent the graph nodes. Based on this new graph representation, we then design a densely connected graph convolutional block which aggregates local and regional features as the key construction component to build effective and efficient practical GCN models for 3D object classification and segmentation. We will present experimental results to show that our new technique outperforms state of the art where our models are shown to have the smallest number of parameters and consietently achieve the highest accuracies across a number of benchmark datasets. We will also present ablation studies to demonstrate the soundness of our design principles and the effectiveness of our practical models.      
### 33.Looking Outside the Window: Wider-Context Transformer for the Semantic Segmentation of High-Resolution Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15754.pdf)
>  Long-range context information is crucial for the semantic segmentation of High-Resolution (HR) Remote Sensing Images (RSIs). The image cropping operations, commonly used for training neural networks, limit the perception of long-range context information in large RSIs. To break this limitation, we propose a Wider-Context Network (WiCNet) for the semantic segmentation of HR RSIs. In the WiCNet, apart from a conventional feature extraction network to aggregate the local information, an extra context branch is designed to explicitly model the context information in a larger image area. The information between the two branches is communicated through a Context Transformer, which is a novel design derived from the Vision Transformer to model the long-range context correlations. Ablation studies and comparative experiments conducted on several benchmark datasets prove the effectiveness of the proposed method. Additionally, we present a new Beijing Land-Use (BLU) dataset. This is a large-scale HR satellite dataset provided with high-quality and fine-grained reference labels, which we hope will boost future studies in this field.      
### 34.RICE: Refining Instance Masks in Cluttered Environments with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15711.pdf)
>  Segmenting unseen object instances in cluttered environments is an important capability that robots need when functioning in unstructured environments. While previous methods have exhibited promising results, they still tend to provide incorrect results in highly cluttered scenes. We postulate that a network architecture that encodes relations between objects at a high-level can be beneficial. Thus, in this work, we propose a novel framework that refines the output of such methods by utilizing a graph-based representation of instance masks. We train deep networks capable of sampling smart perturbations to the segmentations, and a graph neural network, which can encode relations between objects, to evaluate the perturbed segmentations. Our proposed method is orthogonal to previous works and achieves state-of-the-art performance when combined with them. We demonstrate an application that uses uncertainty estimates generated by our method to guide a manipulator, leading to efficient understanding of cluttered scenes. Code, models, and video can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chrisdxie/rice" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 35.Domain adaptation for person re-identification on new unlabeled data using AlignedReID++  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15693.pdf)
>  In the world where big data reigns and there is plenty of hardware prepared to gather a huge amount of non structured data, data acquisition is no longer a problem. Surveillance cameras are ubiquitous and they capture huge numbers of people walking across different scenes. However, extracting value from this data is challenging, specially for tasks that involve human images, such as face recognition and person re-identification. Annotation of this kind of data is a challenging and expensive task. In this work we propose a domain adaptation workflow to allow CNNs that were trained in one domain to be applied to another domain without the need for new annotation of the target data. Our method uses AlignedReID++ as the baseline, trained using a Triplet loss with batch hard. Domain adaptation is done by using pseudo-labels generated using an unsupervised learning strategy. Our results show that domain adaptation techniques really improve the performance of the CNN when applied in the target domain.      
### 36.Attention Aware Wavelet-based Detection of Morphed Face Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15686.pdf)
>  Morphed images have exploited loopholes in the face recognition checkpoints, e.g., Credential Authentication Technology (CAT), used by Transportation Security Administration (TSA), which is a non-trivial security concern. To overcome the risks incurred due to morphed presentations, we propose a wavelet-based morph detection methodology which adopts an end-to-end trainable soft attention mechanism . Our attention-based deep neural network (DNN) focuses on the salient Regions of Interest (ROI) which have the most spatial support for morph detector decision function, i.e, morph class binary softmax output. A retrospective of morph synthesizing procedure aids us to speculate the ROI as regions around facial landmarks , particularly for the case of landmark-based morphing techniques. Moreover, our attention-based DNN is adapted to the wavelet space, where inputs of the network are coarse-to-fine spectral representations, 48 stacked wavelet sub-bands to be exact. We evaluate performance of the proposed framework using three datasets, VISAPP17, LMA, and MorGAN. In addition, as attention maps can be a robust indicator whether a probe image under investigation is genuine or counterfeit, we analyze the estimated attention maps for both a bona fide image and its corresponding morphed image. Finally, we present an ablation study on the efficacy of utilizing attention mechanism for the sake of morph detection.      
### 37.SIMPL: Generating Synthetic Overhead Imagery to Address Zero-shot and Few-Shot Detection Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15681.pdf)
>  Recently deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved tremendous success for object detection in overhead (e.g., satellite) imagery. One ongoing challenge however is the acquisition of training data, due to high costs of obtaining satellite imagery and annotating objects in it. In this work we present a simple approach - termed Synthetic object IMPLantation (SIMPL) - to easily and rapidly generate large quantities of synthetic overhead training data for custom target objects. We demonstrate the effectiveness of using SIMPL synthetic imagery for training DNNs in zero-shot scenarios where no real imagery is available; and few-shot learning scenarios, where limited real-world imagery is available. We also conduct experiments to study the sensitivity of SIMPL's effectiveness to some key design parameters, providing users for insights when designing synthetic imagery for custom objects. We release a software implementation of our SIMPL approach so that others can build upon it, or use it for their own custom problems.      
### 38.Learning to Map for Active Semantic Goal Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15648.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of object goal navigation in unseen environments. In our view, solving this problem requires learning of contextual semantic priors, a challenging endeavour given the spatial and semantic variability of indoor environments. Current methods learn to implicitly encode these priors through goal-oriented navigation policy functions operating on spatial representations that are limited to the agent's observable areas. In this work, we propose a novel framework that actively learns to generate semantic maps outside the field of view of the agent and leverages the uncertainty over the semantic classes in the unobserved areas to decide on long term goals. We demonstrate that through this spatial prediction strategy, we are able to learn semantic priors in scenes that can be leveraged in unknown environments. Additionally, we show how different objectives can be defined by balancing exploration with exploitation during searching for semantic targets. Our method is validated in the visually realistic environments offered by the Matterport3D dataset and show state of the art results on the object goal navigation task.      
### 39.How to Train Your MAML to Excel in Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16245.pdf)
>  Model-agnostic meta-learning (MAML) is arguably the most popular meta-learning algorithm nowadays, given its flexibility to incorporate various model architectures and to be applied to different problems. Nevertheless, its performance on few-shot classification is far behind many recent algorithms dedicated to the problem. In this paper, we point out several key facets of how to train MAML to excel in few-shot classification. First, we find that a large number of gradient steps are needed for the inner loop update, which contradicts the common usage of MAML for few-shot classification. Second, we find that MAML is sensitive to the permutation of class assignments in meta-testing: for a few-shot task of $N$ classes, there are exponentially many ways to assign the learned initialization of the $N$-way classifier to the $N$ classes, leading to an unavoidably huge variance. Third, we investigate several ways for permutation invariance and find that learning a shared classifier initialization for all the classes performs the best. On benchmark datasets such as MiniImageNet and TieredImageNet, our approach, which we name UNICORN-MAML, performs on a par with or even outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms, while keeping the simplicity of MAML without adding any extra sub-networks.      
### 40.Hierarchical Phenotyping and Graph Modeling of Spatial Architecture in Lymphoid Neoplasms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16174.pdf)
>  The cells and their spatial patterns in the tumor microenvironment (TME) play a key role in tumor evolution, and yet remains an understudied topic in computational pathology. This study, to the best of our knowledge, is among the first to hybrid local and global graph methods to profile orchestration and interaction of cellular components. To address the challenge in hematolymphoid cancers where the cell classes in TME are unclear, we first implemented cell level unsupervised learning and identified two new cell subtypes. Local cell graphs or supercells were built for each image by considering the individual cell's geospatial location and classes. Then, we applied supercell level clustering and identified two new cell communities. In the end, we built global graphs to abstract spatial interaction patterns and extract features for disease diagnosis. We evaluate the proposed algorithm on H\&amp;E slides of 60 hematolymphoid neoplasm patients and further compared it with three cell level graph-based algorithms, including the global cell graph, cluster cell graph, and FLocK. The proposed algorithm achieves a mean diagnosis accuracy of 0.703 with the repeated 5-fold cross-validation scheme. In conclusion, our algorithm shows superior performance over the existing methods and can be potentially applied to other cancer types.      
### 41.SimNet: Enabling Robust Unknown Object Manipulation from Pure Synthetic Data via Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16118.pdf)
>  Robot manipulation of unknown objects in unstructured environments is a challenging problem due to the variety of shapes, materials, arrangements and lighting conditions. Even with large-scale real-world data collection, robust perception and manipulation of transparent and reflective objects across various lighting conditions remain challenging. To address these challenges we propose an approach to performing sim-to-real transfer of robotic perception. The underlying model, SimNet, is trained as a single multi-headed neural network using simulated stereo data as input and simulated object segmentation masks, 3D oriented bounding boxes (OBBs), object keypoints, and disparity as output. A key component of SimNet is the incorporation of a learned stereo sub-network that predicts disparity. SimNet is evaluated on 2D car detection, unknown object detection, and deformable object keypoint detection and significantly outperforms a baseline that uses a structured light RGB-D sensor. By inferring grasp positions using the OBB and keypoint predictions, SimNet can be used to perform end-to-end manipulation of unknown objects in both easy and hard scenarios using our fleet of Toyota HSR robots in four home environments. In unknown object grasping experiments, the predictions from the baseline RGB-D network and SimNet enable successful grasps of most of the easy objects. However, the RGB-D baseline only grasps 35% of the hard (e.g., transparent) objects, while SimNet grasps 95%, suggesting that SimNet can enable robust manipulation of unknown objects, including transparent objects, in unknown environments.      
### 42.Interventional Assays for the Latent Space of Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16091.pdf)
>  The encoders and decoders of autoencoders effectively project the input onto learned manifolds in the latent space and data space respectively. We propose a framework, called latent responses, for probing the learned data manifold using interventions in the latent space. Using this framework, we investigate "holes" in the representation to quantitatively ascertain to what extent the latent space of a trained VAE is consistent with the chosen prior. Furthermore, we use the identified structure to improve interpolation between latent vectors. We evaluate how our analyses improve the quality of the generated samples using the VAE on a variety of benchmark datasets.      
### 43.Leveraging Hidden Structure in Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16060.pdf)
>  This work considers the problem of learning structured representations from raw images using self-supervised learning. We propose a principled framework based on a mutual information objective, which integrates self-supervised and structure learning. Furthermore, we devise a post-hoc procedure to interpret the meaning of the learnt representations. Preliminary experiments on CIFAR-10 show that the proposed framework achieves higher generalization performance in downstream classification tasks and provides more interpretable representations compared to the ones learnt through traditional self-supervised learning.      
### 44.ResViT: Residual vision transformers for multi-modal medical image synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16031.pdf)
>  Multi-modal imaging is a key healthcare technology in the diagnosis and management of disease, but it is often underutilized due to costs associated with multiple separate scans. This limitation yields the need for synthesis of unacquired modalities from the subset of available modalities. In recent years, generative adversarial network (GAN) models with superior depiction of structural details have been established as state-of-the-art in numerous medical image synthesis tasks. However, GANs are characteristically based on convolutional neural network (CNN) backbones that perform local processing with compact filters. This inductive bias, in turn, compromises learning of long-range spatial dependencies. While attention maps incorporated in GANs can multiplicatively modulate CNN features to emphasize critical image regions, their capture of global context is mostly implicit. Here, we propose a novel generative adversarial approach for medical image synthesis, ResViT, to combine local precision of convolution operators with contextual sensitivity of vision transformers. Based on an encoder-decoder architecture, ResViT employs a central bottleneck comprising novel aggregated residual transformer (ART) blocks that synergistically combine convolutional and transformer modules. Comprehensive demonstrations are performed for synthesizing missing sequences in multi-contrast MRI and CT images from MRI. Our results indicate the superiority of ResViT against competing methods in terms of qualitative observations and quantitative metrics.      
### 45.Improving the Efficiency of Transformers for Resource-Constrained Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.16006.pdf)
>  Transformers provide promising accuracy and have become popular and used in various domains such as natural language processing and computer vision. However, due to their massive number of model parameters, memory and computation requirements, they are not suitable for resource-constrained low-power devices. Even with high-performance and specialized devices, the memory bandwidth can become a performance-limiting bottleneck. In this paper, we present a performance analysis of state-of-the-art vision transformers on several devices. We propose to reduce the overall memory footprint and memory transfers by clustering the model parameters. We show that by using only 64 clusters to represent model parameters, it is possible to reduce the data transfer from the main memory by more than 4x, achieve up to 22% speedup and 39% energy savings on mobile devices with less than 0.1% accuracy loss.      
### 46.BLNet: A Fast Deep Learning Framework for Low-Light Image Enhancement with Noise Removal and Color Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15953.pdf)
>  Images obtained in real-world low-light conditions are not only low in brightness, but they also suffer from many other types of degradation, such as color bias, unknown noise, detail loss and halo artifacts. In this paper, we propose a very fast deep learning framework called Bringing the Lightness (denoted as BLNet) that consists of two U-Nets with a series of well-designed loss functions to tackle all of the above degradations. Based on Retinex Theory, the decomposition net in our model can decompose low-light images into reflectance and illumination and remove noise in the reflectance during the decomposition phase. We propose a Noise and Color Bias Control module (NCBC Module) that contains a convolutional neural network and two loss functions (noise loss and color loss). This module is only used to calculate the loss functions during the training phase, so our method is very fast during the test phase. This module can smooth the reflectance to achieve the purpose of noise removal while preserving details and edge information and controlling color bias. We propose a network that can be trained to learn the mapping between low-light and normal-light illumination and enhance the brightness of images taken in low-light illumination. We train and evaluate the performance of our proposed model over the real-world Low-Light (LOL) dataset), and we also test our model over several other frequently used datasets (LIME, DICM and MEF datasets). We conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate that our approach achieves a promising effect with good rubustness and generalization and outperforms many other state-of-the-art methods qualitatively and quantitatively. Our method achieves high speed because we use loss functions instead of introducing additional denoisers for noise removal and color correction. The code and model are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/weixinxu666/BLNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.Learnable Reconstruction Methods from RGB Images to Hyperspectral Imaging: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15944.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral imaging enables versatile applications due to its competence in capturing abundant spatial and spectral information, which are crucial for identifying substances. However, the devices for acquiring hyperspectral images are expensive and complicated. Therefore, many alternative spectral imaging methods have been proposed by directly reconstructing the hyperspectral information from lower-cost, more available RGB images. We present a thorough investigation of these state-of-the-art spectral reconstruction methods from the widespread RGB images. A systematic study and comparison of more than 25 methods has revealed that most of the data-driven deep learning methods are superior to prior-based methods in terms of reconstruction accuracy and quality despite lower speeds. This comprehensive review can serve as a fruitful reference source for peer researchers, thus further inspiring future development directions in related domains.      
### 48.Fast whole-slide cartography in colon cancer histology using superpixels and CNN classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15893.pdf)
>  Whole-slide-image cartography is the process of automatically detecting and outlining different tissue types in digitized histological specimen. This semantic segmentation provides a basis for many follow-up analyses and can potentially guide subsequent medical decisions. Due to their large size, whole-slide-images typically have to be divided into smaller patches which are then analyzed individually using machine learning-based approaches. Thereby, local dependencies of image regions get lost and since a whole-slide-image comprises many thousands of such patches this process is inherently slow. We propose to subdivide the image into coherent regions prior to classification by grouping visually similar adjacent image pixels into larger segments, i.e. superpixels. Afterwards, only a random subset of patches per superpixel is classified and patch labels are combined into a single superpixel label. The algorithm has been developed and validated on a dataset of 159 hand-annotated whole-slide-images of colon resections and its performance has been compared to a standard patch-based approach. The algorithm shows an average speed-up of 41% on the test data and the overall accuracy is increased from 93.8% to 95.7%. We additionally propose a metric for identifying superpixels with an uncertain classification so they can be excluded from further analysis. Finally, we evaluate two potential medical applications, namely tumor area estimation including tumor invasive margin generation and tumor composition analysis.      
### 49.The Evolution of Out-of-Distribution Robustness Throughout Fine-Tuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15831.pdf)
>  Although machine learning models typically experience a drop in performance on out-of-distribution data, accuracies on in- versus out-of-distribution data are widely observed to follow a single linear trend when evaluated across a testbed of models. Models that are more accurate on the out-of-distribution data relative to this baseline exhibit "effective robustness" and are exceedingly rare. Identifying such models, and understanding their properties, is key to improving out-of-distribution performance. We conduct a thorough empirical investigation of effective robustness during fine-tuning and surprisingly find that models pre-trained on larger datasets exhibit effective robustness during training that vanishes at convergence. We study how properties of the data influence effective robustness, and we show that it increases with the larger size, more diversity, and higher example difficulty of the dataset. We also find that models that display effective robustness are able to correctly classify 10% of the examples that no other current testbed model gets correct. Finally, we discuss several strategies for scaling effective robustness to the high-accuracy regime to improve the out-of-distribution accuracy of state-of-the-art models.      
### 50.10-mega pixel snapshot compressive imaging with a hybrid coded aperture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15765.pdf)
>  High resolution images are widely used in our daily life, whereas high-speed video capture is challenging due to the low frame rate of cameras working at the high resolution mode. Digging deeper, the main bottleneck lies in the low throughput of existing imaging systems. Towards this end, snapshot compressive imaging (SCI) was proposed as a promising solution to improve the throughput of imaging systems by compressive sampling and computational reconstruction. During acquisition, multiple high-speed images are encoded and collapsed to a single measurement. After this, algorithms are employed to retrieve the video frames from the coded snapshot. Recently developed Plug-and-Play (PnP) algorithms make it possible for SCI reconstruction in large-scale problems. However, the lack of high-resolution encoding systems still precludes SCI's wide application. In this paper, we build a novel hybrid coded aperture snapshot compressive imaging (HCA-SCI) system by incorporating a dynamic liquid crystal on silicon and a high-resolution lithography mask. We further implement a PnP reconstruction algorithm with cascaded denoisers for high quality reconstruction. Based on the proposed HCA-SCI system and algorithm, we achieve a 10-mega pixel SCI system to capture high-speed scenes, leading to a high throughput of 4.6G voxels per second. Both simulation and real data experiments verify the feasibility and performance of our proposed HCA-SCI scheme.      
### 51.RCNN-SliceNet: A Slice and Cluster Approach for Nuclei Centroid Detection in Three-Dimensional Fluorescence Microscopy Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15753.pdf)
>  Robust and accurate nuclei centroid detection is important for the understanding of biological structures in fluorescence microscopy images. Existing automated nuclei localization methods face three main challenges: (1) Most of object detection methods work only on 2D images and are difficult to extend to 3D volumes; (2) Segmentation-based models can be used on 3D volumes but it is computational expensive for large microscopy volumes and they have difficulty distinguishing different instances of objects; (3) Hand annotated ground truth is limited for 3D microscopy volumes. To address these issues, we present a scalable approach for nuclei centroid detection of 3D microscopy volumes. We describe the RCNN-SliceNet to detect 2D nuclei centroids for each slice of the volume from different directions and 3D agglomerative hierarchical clustering (AHC) is used to estimate the 3D centroids of nuclei in a volume. The model was trained with the synthetic microscopy data generated using Spatially Constrained Cycle-Consistent Adversarial Networks (SpCycleGAN) and tested on different types of real 3D microscopy data. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method can accurately count and detect the nuclei centroids in a 3D microscopy volume.      
### 52.Diff2Dist: Learning Spectrally Distinct Edge Functions, with Applications to Cell Morphology Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15716.pdf)
>  We present a method for learning "spectrally descriptive" edge weights for graphs. We generalize a previously known distance measure on graphs (Graph Diffusion Distance), thereby allowing it to be tuned to minimize an arbitrary loss function. Because all steps involved in calculating this modified GDD are differentiable, we demonstrate that it is possible for a small neural network model to learn edge weights which minimize loss. GDD alone does not effectively discriminate between graphs constructed from shoot apical meristem images of wild-type vs. mutant \emph{Arabidopsis thaliana} specimens. However, training edge weights and kernel parameters with contrastive loss produces a learned distance metric with large margins between these graph categories. We demonstrate this by showing improved performance of a simple k-nearest-neighbors classifier on the learned distance matrix. We also demonstrate a further application of this method to biological image analysis: once trained, we use our model to compute the distance between the biological graphs and a set of graphs output by a cell division simulator. This allows us to identify simulation parameter regimes which are similar to each class of graph in our original dataset.      
### 53.Recent Advances in Fibrosis and Scar Segmentation from Cardiac MRI: A State-of-the-Art Review and Future Perspectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.15707.pdf)
>  Segmentation of cardiac fibrosis and scar are essential for clinical diagnosis and can provide invaluable guidance for the treatment of cardiac diseases. Late Gadolinium enhancement (LGE) cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) has been successful for its efficacy in guiding the clinical diagnosis and treatment reliably. For LGE CMR, many methods have demonstrated success in accurately segmenting scarring regions. Co-registration with other non-contrast-agent (non-CA) modalities, balanced steady-state free precession (bSSFP) and cine magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) for example, can further enhance the efficacy of automated segmentation of cardiac anatomies. Many conventional methods have been proposed to provide automated or semi-automated segmentation of scars. With the development of deep learning in recent years, we can also see more advanced methods that are more efficient in providing more accurate segmentations. This paper conducts a state-of-the-art review of conventional and current state-of-the-art approaches utilising different modalities for accurate cardiac fibrosis and scar segmentation.      
