# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 27 Jul 2021
### 1.Improve Unsupervised Pretraining for Few-label Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12369.pdf)
>  Unsupervised pretraining has achieved great success and many recent works have shown unsupervised pretraining can achieve comparable or even slightly better transfer performance than supervised pretraining on downstream target datasets. But in this paper, we find this conclusion may not hold when the target dataset has very few labeled samples for finetuning, \ie, few-label transfer. We analyze the possible reason from the clustering perspective: 1) The clustering quality of target samples is of great importance to few-label transfer; 2) Though contrastive learning is essential to learn how to cluster, its clustering quality is still inferior to supervised pretraining due to lack of label supervision. Based on the analysis, we interestingly discover that only involving some unlabeled target domain into the unsupervised pretraining can improve the clustering quality, subsequently reducing the transfer performance gap with supervised pretraining. This finding also motivates us to propose a new progressive few-label transfer algorithm for real applications, which aims to maximize the transfer performance under a limited annotation budget. To support our analysis and proposed method, we conduct extensive experiments on nine different target datasets. Experimental results show our proposed method can significantly boost the few-label transfer performance of unsupervised pretraining.      
### 2.NeLF: Neural Light-transport Field for Portrait View Synthesis and Relighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12351.pdf)
>  Human portraits exhibit various appearances when observed from different views under different lighting conditions. We can easily imagine how the face will look like in another setup, but computer algorithms still fail on this problem given limited observations. To this end, we present a system for portrait view synthesis and relighting: given multiple portraits, we use a neural network to predict the light-transport field in 3D space, and from the predicted Neural Light-transport Field (NeLF) produce a portrait from a new camera view under a new environmental lighting. Our system is trained on a large number of synthetic models, and can generalize to different synthetic and real portraits under various lighting conditions. Our method achieves simultaneous view synthesis and relighting given multi-view portraits as the input, and achieves state-of-the-art results.      
### 3.Spatial-Temporal Transformer for Dynamic Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12309.pdf)
>  Dynamic scene graph generation aims at generating a scene graph of the given video. Compared to the task of scene graph generation from images, it is more challenging because of the dynamic relationships between objects and the temporal dependencies between frames allowing for a richer semantic interpretation. In this paper, we propose Spatial-temporal Transformer (STTran), a neural network that consists of two core modules: (1) a spatial encoder that takes an input frame to extract spatial context and reason about the visual relationships within a frame, and (2) a temporal decoder which takes the output of the spatial encoder as input in order to capture the temporal dependencies between frames and infer the dynamic relationships. Furthermore, STTran is flexible to take varying lengths of videos as input without clipping, which is especially important for long videos. Our method is validated on the benchmark dataset Action Genome (AG). The experimental results demonstrate the superior performance of our method in terms of dynamic scene graphs. Moreover, a set of ablative studies is conducted and the effect of each proposed module is justified.      
### 4.Alleviate Representation Overlapping in Class Incremental Learning by Contrastive Class Concentration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12308.pdf)
>  The challenge of the Class Incremental Learning (CIL) lies in difficulty for a learner to discern the old classes' data from the new while no previous data is preserved. Namely, the representation distribution of different phases overlaps with each other. In this paper, to alleviate the phenomenon of representation overlapping for both memory-based and memory-free methods, we propose a new CIL framework, Contrastive Class Concentration for CIL (C4IL). Our framework leverages the class concentration effect of contrastive representation learning, therefore yielding a representation distribution with better intra-class compactibility and inter-class separability. Quantitative experiments showcase our framework that is effective in both memory-based and memory-free cases: it outperforms the baseline methods of both cases by 5% in terms of the average and top-1 accuracy in 10-phase and 20-phase CIL. Qualitative results also demonstrate that our method generates a more compact representation distribution that alleviates the overlapping problem.      
### 5.Contextual Transformer Networks for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12292.pdf)
>  Transformer with self-attention has led to the revolutionizing of natural language processing field, and recently inspires the emergence of Transformer-style architecture design with competitive results in numerous computer vision tasks. Nevertheless, most of existing designs directly employ self-attention over a 2D feature map to obtain the attention matrix based on pairs of isolated queries and keys at each spatial location, but leave the rich contexts among neighbor keys under-exploited. In this work, we design a novel Transformer-style module, i.e., Contextual Transformer (CoT) block, for visual recognition. Such design fully capitalizes on the contextual information among input keys to guide the learning of dynamic attention matrix and thus strengthens the capacity of visual representation. Technically, CoT block first contextually encodes input keys via a $3\times3$ convolution, leading to a static contextual representation of inputs. We further concatenate the encoded keys with input queries to learn the dynamic multi-head attention matrix through two consecutive $1\times1$ convolutions. The learnt attention matrix is multiplied by input values to achieve the dynamic contextual representation of inputs. The fusion of the static and dynamic contextual representations are finally taken as outputs. Our CoT block is appealing in the view that it can readily replace each $3\times3$ convolution in ResNet architectures, yielding a Transformer-style backbone named as Contextual Transformer Networks (CoTNet). Through extensive experiments over a wide range of applications (e.g., image recognition, object detection and instance segmentation), we validate the superiority of CoTNet as a stronger backbone. Source code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JDAI-CV/CoTNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 6.Continental-Scale Building Detection from High Resolution Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12283.pdf)
>  Identifying the locations and footprints of buildings is vital for many practical and scientific purposes. Such information can be particularly useful in developing regions where alternative data sources may be scarce. In this work, we describe a model training pipeline for detecting buildings across the entire continent of Africa, using 50 cm satellite imagery. Starting with the U-Net model, widely used in satellite image analysis, we study variations in architecture, loss functions, regularization, pre-training, self-training and post-processing that increase instance segmentation performance. Experiments were carried out using a dataset of 100k satellite images across Africa containing 1.75M manually labelled building instances, and further datasets for pre-training and self-training. We report novel methods for improving performance of building detection with this type of model, including the use of mixup (mAP +0.12) and self-training with soft KL loss (mAP +0.06). The resulting pipeline obtains good results even on a wide variety of challenging rural and urban contexts, and was used to create the Open Buildings dataset of 516M Africa-wide detected footprints.      
### 7.Adaptive Hierarchical Graph Reasoning with Semantic Coherence for Video-and-Language Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12270.pdf)
>  Video-and-Language Inference is a recently proposed task for joint video-and-language understanding. This new task requires a model to draw inference on whether a natural language statement entails or contradicts a given video clip. In this paper, we study how to address three critical challenges for this task: judging the global correctness of the statement involved multiple semantic meanings, joint reasoning over video and subtitles, and modeling long-range relationships and complex social interactions. First, we propose an adaptive hierarchical graph network that achieves in-depth understanding of the video over complex interactions. Specifically, it performs joint reasoning over video and subtitles in three hierarchies, where the graph structure is adaptively adjusted according to the semantic structures of the statement. Secondly, we introduce semantic coherence learning to explicitly encourage the semantic coherence of the adaptive hierarchical graph network from three hierarchies. The semantic coherence learning can further improve the alignment between vision and linguistics, and the coherence across a sequence of video segments. Experimental results show that our method significantly outperforms the baseline by a large margin.      
### 8.Channel-wise Topology Refinement Graph Convolution for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12213.pdf)
>  Graph convolutional networks (GCNs) have been widely used and achieved remarkable results in skeleton-based action recognition. In GCNs, graph topology dominates feature aggregation and therefore is the key to extracting representative features. In this work, we propose a novel Channel-wise Topology Refinement Graph Convolution (CTR-GC) to dynamically learn different topologies and effectively aggregate joint features in different channels for skeleton-based action recognition. The proposed CTR-GC models channel-wise topologies through learning a shared topology as a generic prior for all channels and refining it with channel-specific correlations for each channel. Our refinement method introduces few extra parameters and significantly reduces the difficulty of modeling channel-wise topologies. Furthermore, via reformulating graph convolutions into a unified form, we find that CTR-GC relaxes strict constraints of graph convolutions, leading to stronger representation capability. Combining CTR-GC with temporal modeling modules, we develop a powerful graph convolutional network named CTR-GCN which notably outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the NTU RGB+D, NTU RGB+D 120, and NW-UCLA datasets.      
### 9.Image-Based Parking Space Occupancy Classification: Dataset and Baseline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12207.pdf)
>  We introduce a new dataset for image-based parking space occupancy classification: ACPDS. Unlike in prior datasets, each image is taken from a unique view, systematically annotated, and the parking lots in the train, validation, and test sets are unique. We use this dataset to propose a simple baseline model for parking space occupancy classification, which achieves 98% accuracy on unseen parking lots, significantly outperforming existing models. We share our dataset, code, and trained models under the MIT license.      
### 10.Efficient Video Object Segmentation with Compressed Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12192.pdf)
>  We propose an efficient inference framework for semi-supervised video object segmentation by exploiting the temporal redundancy of the video. Our method performs inference on selected keyframes and makes predictions for other frames via propagation based on motion vectors and residuals from the compressed video bitstream. Specifically, we propose a new motion vector-based warping method for propagating segmentation masks from keyframes to other frames in a multi-reference manner. Additionally, we propose a residual-based refinement module that can correct and add detail to the block-wise propagated segmentation masks. Our approach is flexible and can be added on top of existing video object segmentation algorithms. With STM with top-k filtering as our base model, we achieved highly competitive results on DAVIS16 and YouTube-VOS with substantial speedups of up to 4.9X with little loss in accuracy.      
### 11.An Efficient Insect Pest Classification Using Multiple Convolutional Neural Network Based Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12189.pdf)
>  Accurate insect pest recognition is significant to protect the crop or take the early treatment on the infected yield, and it helps reduce the loss for the agriculture economy. Design an automatic pest recognition system is necessary because manual recognition is slow, time-consuming, and expensive. The Image-based pest classifier using the traditional computer vision method is not efficient due to the complexity. Insect pest classification is a difficult task because of various kinds, scales, shapes, complex backgrounds in the field, and high appearance similarity among insect species. With the rapid development of deep learning technology, the CNN-based method is the best way to develop a fast and accurate insect pest classifier. We present different convolutional neural network-based models in this work, including attention, feature pyramid, and fine-grained models. We evaluate our methods on two public datasets: the large-scale insect pest dataset, the IP102 benchmark dataset, and a smaller dataset, namely D0 in terms of the macro-average precision (MPre), the macro-average recall (MRec), the macro-average F1- score (MF1), the accuracy (Acc), and the geometric mean (GM). The experimental results show that combining these convolutional neural network-based models can better perform than the state-of-the-art methods on these two datasets. For instance, the highest accuracy we obtained on IP102 and D0 is $74.13\%$ and $99.78\%$, respectively, bypassing the corresponding state-of-the-art accuracy: $67.1\%$ (IP102) and $98.8\%$ (D0). We also publish our codes for contributing to the current research related to the insect pest classification problem.      
### 12.Perceptually Validated Precise Local Editing for Facial Action Units with StyleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12143.pdf)
>  The ability to edit facial expressions has a wide range of applications in computer graphics. The ideal facial expression editing algorithm needs to satisfy two important criteria. First, it should allow precise and targeted editing of individual facial actions. Second, it should generate high fidelity outputs without artifacts. We build a solution based on StyleGAN, which has been used extensively for semantic manipulation of faces. As we do so, we add to our understanding of how various semantic attributes are encoded in StyleGAN. In particular, we show that a naive strategy to perform editing in the latent space results in undesired coupling between certain action units, even if they are conceptually distinct. For example, although brow lowerer and lip tightener are distinct action units, they appear correlated in the training data. Hence, StyleGAN has difficulty in disentangling them. We allow disentangled editing of such action units by computing detached regions of influence for each action unit, and restrict editing to these regions. We validate the effectiveness of our local editing method through perception experiments conducted with 23 subjects. The results show that our method provides higher control over local editing and produces images with superior fidelity compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 13.AA3DNet: Attention Augmented Real Time 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12137.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the problem of 3D object detection from point cloud data in real time. For autonomous vehicles to work, it is very important for the perception component to detect the real world objects with both high accuracy and fast inference. We propose a novel neural network architecture along with the training and optimization details for detecting 3D objects using point cloud data. We present anchor design along with custom loss functions used in this work. A combination of spatial and channel wise attention module is used in this work. We use the Kitti 3D Birds Eye View dataset for benchmarking and validating our results. Our method surpasses previous state of the art in this domain both in terms of average precision and speed running at &gt; 30 FPS. Finally, we present the ablation study to demonstrate that the performance of our network is generalizable. This makes it a feasible option to be deployed in real time applications like self driving cars.      
### 14.Towards Unbiased Visual Emotion Recognition via Causal Intervention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12096.pdf)
>  Although much progress has been made in visual emotion recognition, researchers have realized that modern deep networks tend to exploit dataset characteristics to learn spurious statistical associations between the input and the target. Such dataset characteristics are usually treated as dataset bias, which damages the robustness and generalization performance of these recognition systems. In this work, we scrutinize this problem from the perspective of causal inference, where such dataset characteristic is termed as a confounder which misleads the system to learn the spurious correlation. To alleviate the negative effects brought by the dataset bias, we propose a novel Interventional Emotion Recognition Network (IERN) to achieve the backdoor adjustment, which is one fundamental deconfounding technique in causal inference. A series of designed tests validate the effectiveness of IERN, and experiments on three emotion benchmarks demonstrate that IERN outperforms other state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 15.A Multiple-Instance Learning Approach for the Assessment of Gallbladder Vascularity from Laparoscopic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12093.pdf)
>  An important task at the onset of a laparoscopic cholecystectomy (LC) operation is the inspection of gallbladder (GB) to evaluate the thickness of its wall, presence of inflammation and extent of fat. Difficulty in visualization of the GB wall vessels may be due to the previous factors, potentially as a result of chronic inflammation or other diseases. In this paper we propose a multiple-instance learning (MIL) technique for assessment of the GB wall vascularity via computer-vision analysis of images from LC operations. The bags correspond to a labeled (low vs. high) vascularity dataset of 181 GB images, from 53 operations. The instances correspond to unlabeled patches extracted from these images. Each patch is represented by a vector with color, texture and statistical features. We compare various state-of-the-art MIL and single-instance learning approaches, as well as a proposed MIL technique based on variational Bayesian inference. The methods were compared for two experimental tasks: image-based and video-based (i.e. patient-based) classification. The proposed approach presents the best performance with accuracy 92.1% and 90.3% for the first and second task, respectively. A significant advantage of the proposed technique is that it does not require the time-consuming task of manual labelling the instances.      
### 16.Joint Visual Semantic Reasoning: Multi-Stage Decoder for Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12090.pdf)
>  Although text recognition has significantly evolved over the years, state-of-the-art (SOTA) models still struggle in the wild scenarios due to complex backgrounds, varying fonts, uncontrolled illuminations, distortions and other artefacts. This is because such models solely depend on visual information for text recognition, thus lacking semantic reasoning capabilities. In this paper, we argue that semantic information offers a complementary role in addition to visual only. More specifically, we additionally utilize semantic information by proposing a multi-stage multi-scale attentional decoder that performs joint visual-semantic reasoning. Our novelty lies in the intuition that for text recognition, the prediction should be refined in a stage-wise manner. Therefore our key contribution is in designing a stage-wise unrolling attentional decoder where non-differentiability, invoked by discretely predicted character labels, needs to be bypassed for end-to-end training. While the first stage predicts using visual features, subsequent stages refine on top of it using joint visual-semantic information. Additionally, we introduce multi-scale 2D attention along with dense and residual connections between different stages to deal with varying scales of character sizes, for better performance and faster convergence during training. Experimental results show our approach to outperform existing SOTA methods by a considerable margin.      
### 17.Text is Text, No Matter What: Unifying Text Recognition using Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12087.pdf)
>  Text recognition remains a fundamental and extensively researched topic in computer vision, largely owing to its wide array of commercial applications. The challenging nature of the very problem however dictated a fragmentation of research efforts: Scene Text Recognition (STR) that deals with text in everyday scenes, and Handwriting Text Recognition (HTR) that tackles hand-written text. In this paper, for the first time, we argue for their unification -- we aim for a single model that can compete favourably with two separate state-of-the-art STR and HTR models. We first show that cross-utilisation of STR and HTR models trigger significant performance drops due to differences in their inherent challenges. We then tackle their union by introducing a knowledge distillation (KD) based framework. This is however non-trivial, largely due to the variable-length and sequential nature of text sequences, which renders off-the-shelf KD techniques that mostly works with global fixed-length data inadequate. For that, we propose three distillation losses all of which are specifically designed to cope with the aforementioned unique characteristics of text recognition. Empirical evidence suggests that our proposed unified model performs on par with individual models, even surpassing them in certain cases. Ablative studies demonstrate that naive baselines such as a two-stage framework, and domain adaption/generalisation alternatives do not work as well, further verifying the appropriateness of our design.      
### 18.Learning to Adversarially Blur Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12085.pdf)
>  Motion blur caused by the moving of the object or camera during the exposure can be a key challenge for visual object tracking, affecting tracking accuracy significantly. In this work, we explore the robustness of visual object trackers against motion blur from a new angle, i.e., adversarial blur attack (ABA). Our main objective is to online transfer input frames to their natural motion-blurred counterparts while misleading the state-of-the-art trackers during the tracking process. To this end, we first design the motion blur synthesizing method for visual tracking based on the generation principle of motion blur, considering the motion information and the light accumulation process. With this synthetic method, we propose \textit{optimization-based ABA (OP-ABA)} by iteratively optimizing an adversarial objective function against the tracking w.r.t. the motion and light accumulation parameters. The OP-ABA is able to produce natural adversarial examples but the iteration can cause heavy time cost, making it unsuitable for attacking real-time trackers. To alleviate this issue, we further propose \textit{one-step ABA (OS-ABA)} where we design and train a joint adversarial motion and accumulation predictive network (JAMANet) with the guidance of OP-ABA, which is able to efficiently estimate the adversarial motion and accumulation parameters in a one-step way. The experiments on four popular datasets (\eg, OTB100, VOT2018, UAV123, and LaSOT) demonstrate that our methods are able to cause significant accuracy drops on four state-of-the-art trackers with high transferability. Please find the source code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tsingqguo/ABA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 19.Towards the Unseen: Iterative Text Recognition by Distilling from Errors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12081.pdf)
>  Visual text recognition is undoubtedly one of the most extensively researched topics in computer vision. Great progress have been made to date, with the latest models starting to focus on the more practical "in-the-wild" setting. However, a salient problem still hinders practical deployment -- prior arts mostly struggle with recognising unseen (or rarely seen) character sequences. In this paper, we put forward a novel framework to specifically tackle this "unseen" problem. Our framework is iterative in nature, in that it utilises predicted knowledge of character sequences from a previous iteration, to augment the main network in improving the next prediction. Key to our success is a unique cross-modal variational autoencoder to act as a feedback module, which is trained with the presence of textual error distribution data. This module importantly translate a discrete predicted character space, to a continuous affine transformation parameter space used to condition the visual feature map at next iteration. Experiments on common datasets have shown competitive performance over state-of-the-arts under the conventional setting. Most importantly, under the new disjoint setup where train-test labels are mutually exclusive, ours offers the best performance thus showcasing the capability of generalising onto unseen words.      
### 20.HANet: Hierarchical Alignment Networks for Video-Text Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12059.pdf)
>  Video-text retrieval is an important yet challenging task in vision-language understanding, which aims to learn a joint embedding space where related video and text instances are close to each other. Most current works simply measure the video-text similarity based on video-level and text-level embeddings. However, the neglect of more fine-grained or local information causes the problem of insufficient representation. Some works exploit the local details by disentangling sentences, but overlook the corresponding videos, causing the asymmetry of video-text representation. To address the above limitations, we propose a Hierarchical Alignment Network (HANet) to align different level representations for video-text matching. Specifically, we first decompose video and text into three semantic levels, namely event (video and text), action (motion and verb), and entity (appearance and noun). Based on these, we naturally construct hierarchical representations in the individual-local-global manner, where the individual level focuses on the alignment between frame and word, local level focuses on the alignment between video clip and textual context, and global level focuses on the alignment between the whole video and text. Different level alignments capture fine-to-coarse correlations between video and text, as well as take the advantage of the complementary information among three semantic levels. Besides, our HANet is also richly interpretable by explicitly learning key semantic concepts. Extensive experiments on two public datasets, namely MSR-VTT and VATEX, show the proposed HANet outperforms other state-of-the-art methods, which demonstrates the effectiveness of hierarchical representation and alignment. Our code is publicly available.      
### 21.Using Synthetic Corruptions to Measure Robustness to Natural Distribution Shifts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12052.pdf)
>  Synthetic corruptions gathered into a benchmark are frequently used to measure neural network robustness to distribution shifts. However, robustness to synthetic corruption benchmarks is not always predictive of robustness to distribution shifts encountered in real-world applications. In this paper, we propose a methodology to build synthetic corruption benchmarks that make robustness estimations more correlated with robustness to real-world distribution shifts. Using the overlapping criterion, we split synthetic corruptions into categories that help to better understand neural network robustness. Based on these categories, we identify three parameters that are relevant to take into account when constructing a corruption benchmark: number of represented categories, balance among categories and size of benchmarks. Applying the proposed methodology, we build a new benchmark called ImageNet-Syn2Nat to predict image classifier robustness.      
### 22.Parametric Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12028.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose Parametric Contrastive Learning (PaCo) to tackle long-tailed recognition. Based on theoretical analysis, we observe supervised contrastive loss tends to bias on high-frequency classes and thus increases the difficulty of imbalance learning. We introduce a set of parametric class-wise learnable centers to rebalance from an optimization perspective. Further, we analyze our PaCo loss under a balanced setting. Our analysis demonstrates that PaCo can adaptively enhance the intensity of pushing samples of the same class close as more samples are pulled together with their corresponding centers and benefit hard example learning. Experiments on long-tailed CIFAR, ImageNet, Places, and iNaturalist 2018 manifest the new state-of-the-art for long-tailed recognition. On full ImageNet, models trained with PaCo loss surpass supervised contrastive learning across various ResNet backbones. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jiequancui/Parametric-Contrastive-Learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 23.Language Models as Zero-shot Visual Semantic Learners  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12021.pdf)
>  Visual Semantic Embedding (VSE) models, which map images into a rich semantic embedding space, have been a milestone in object recognition and zero-shot learning. Current approaches to VSE heavily rely on static word em-bedding techniques. In this work, we propose a Visual Se-mantic Embedding Probe (VSEP) designed to probe the semantic information of contextualized word embeddings in visual semantic understanding tasks. We show that the knowledge encoded in transformer language models can be exploited for tasks requiring visual semantic understanding.The VSEP with contextual representations can distinguish word-level object representations in complicated scenes as a compositional zero-shot learner. We further introduce a zero-shot setting with VSEPs to evaluate a model's ability to associate a novel word with a novel visual category. We find that contextual representations in language mod-els outperform static word embeddings, when the compositional chain of object is short. We notice that current visual semantic embedding models lack a mutual exclusivity bias which limits their performance.      
### 24.Synthetic Periocular Iris PAI from a Small Set of Near-Infrared-Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12014.pdf)
>  Biometric has been increasing in relevance these days since it can be used for several applications such as access control for instance. Unfortunately, with the increased deployment of biometric applications, we observe an increase of attacks. Therefore, algorithms to detect such attacks (Presentation Attack Detection (PAD)) have been increasing in relevance. The LivDet-2020 competition which focuses on Presentation Attacks Detection (PAD) algorithms have shown still open problems, specially for unknown attacks scenarios. In order to improve the robustness of biometric systems, it is crucial to improve PAD methods. This can be achieved by augmenting the number of presentation attack instruments (PAI) and bona fide images that are used to train such algorithms. Unfortunately, the capture and creation of presentation attack instruments and even the capture of bona fide images is sometimes complex to achieve. This paper proposes a novel PAI synthetically created (SPI-PAI) using four state-of-the-art GAN algorithms (cGAN, WGAN, WGAN-GP, and StyleGAN2) and a small set of periocular NIR images. A benchmark between GAN algorithms is performed using the Frechet Inception Distance (FID) between the generated images and the original images used for training. The best PAD algorithm reported by the LivDet-2020 competition was tested for us using the synthetic PAI which was obtained with the StyleGAN2 algorithm. Surprisingly, The PAD algorithm was not able to detect the synthetic images as a Presentation Attack, categorizing all of them as bona fide. Such results demonstrated the feasibility of synthetic images to fool presentation attacks detection algorithms and the need for such algorithms to be constantly updated and trained with a larger number of images and PAI scenarios.      
### 25.Facetron: Multi-speaker Face-to-Speech Model based on Cross-modal Latent Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12003.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an effective method to synthesize speaker-specific speech waveforms by conditioning on videos of an individual's face. Using a generative adversarial network (GAN) with linguistic and speaker characteristic features as auxiliary conditions, our method directly converts face images into speech waveforms under an end-to-end training framework. The linguistic features are extracted from lip movements using a lip-reading model, and the speaker characteristic features are predicted from face images using cross-modal learning with a pre-trained acoustic model. Since these two features are uncorrelated and controlled independently, we can flexibly synthesize speech waveforms whose speaker characteristics vary depending on the input face images. Therefore, our method can be regarded as a multi-speaker face-to-speech waveform model. We show the superiority of our proposed model over conventional methods in terms of both objective and subjective evaluation results. Specifically, we evaluate the performances of the linguistic feature and the speaker characteristic generation modules by measuring the accuracy of automatic speech recognition and automatic speaker/gender recognition tasks, respectively. We also evaluate the naturalness of the synthesized speech waveforms using a mean opinion score (MOS) test.      
### 26.HRegNet: A Hierarchical Network for Large-scale Outdoor LiDAR Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11992.pdf)
>  Point cloud registration is a fundamental problem in 3D computer vision. Outdoor LiDAR point clouds are typically large-scale and complexly distributed, which makes the registration challenging. In this paper, we propose an efficient hierarchical network named HRegNet for large-scale outdoor LiDAR point cloud registration. Instead of using all points in the point clouds, HRegNet performs registration on hierarchically extracted keypoints and descriptors. The overall framework combines the reliable features in deeper layer and the precise position information in shallower layers to achieve robust and precise registration. We present a correspondence network to generate correct and accurate keypoints correspondences. Moreover, bilateral consensus and neighborhood consensus are introduced for keypoints matching and novel similarity features are designed to incorporate them into the correspondence network, which significantly improves the registration performance. Besides, the whole network is also highly efficient since only a small number of keypoints are used for registration. Extensive experiments are conducted on two large-scale outdoor LiDAR point cloud datasets to demonstrate the high accuracy and efficiency of the proposed HRegNet. The project website is <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ispc-group.github.io/hregnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.What Remains of Visual Semantic Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11991.pdf)
>  Zero shot learning (ZSL) has seen a surge in interest over the decade for its tight links with the mechanism making young children recognize novel objects. Although different paradigms of visual semantic embedding models are designed to align visual features and distributed word representations, it is unclear to what extent current ZSL models encode semantic information from distributed word representations. In this work, we introduce the split of tiered-ImageNet to the ZSL task, in order to avoid the structural flaws in the standard ImageNet benchmark. We build a unified framework for ZSL with contrastive learning as pre-training, which guarantees no semantic information leakage and encourages linearly separable visual features. Our work makes it fair for evaluating visual semantic embedding models on a ZSL setting in which semantic inference is decisive. With this framework, we show that current ZSL models struggle with encoding semantic relationships from word analogy and word hierarchy. Our analyses provide motivation for exploring the role of context language representations in ZSL tasks.      
### 28.Augmentation Pathways Network for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11990.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is practically helpful for visual recognition, especially at the time of data scarcity. However, such success is only limited to quite a few light augmentations (e.g., random crop, flip). Heavy augmentations (e.g., gray, grid shuffle) are either unstable or show adverse effects during training, owing to the big gap between the original and augmented images. This paper introduces a novel network design, noted as Augmentation Pathways (AP), to systematically stabilize training on a much wider range of augmentation policies. Notably, AP tames heavy data augmentations and stably boosts performance without a careful selection among augmentation policies. Unlike traditional single pathway, augmented images are processed in different neural paths. The main pathway handles light augmentations, while other pathways focus on heavy augmentations. By interacting with multiple paths in a dependent manner, the backbone network robustly learns from shared visual patterns among augmentations, and suppresses noisy patterns at the same time. Furthermore, we extend AP to a homogeneous version and a heterogeneous version for high-order scenarios, demonstrating its robustness and flexibility in practical usage. Experimental results on ImageNet benchmarks demonstrate the compatibility and effectiveness on a much wider range of augmentations (e.g., Crop, Gray, Grid Shuffle, RandAugment), while consuming fewer parameters and lower computational costs at inference time. Source code:<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ap-conv/ap-net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Meta-FDMixup: Cross-Domain Few-Shot Learning Guided by Labeled Target Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11978.pdf)
>  A recent study finds that existing few-shot learning methods, trained on the source domain, fail to generalize to the novel target domain when a domain gap is observed. This motivates the task of Cross-Domain Few-Shot Learning (CD-FSL). In this paper, we realize that the labeled target data in CD-FSL has not been leveraged in any way to help the learning process. Thus, we advocate utilizing few labeled target data to guide the model learning. Technically, a novel meta-FDMixup network is proposed. We tackle this problem mainly from two aspects. Firstly, to utilize the source and the newly introduced target data of two different class sets, a mixup module is re-proposed and integrated into the meta-learning mechanism. Secondly, a novel disentangle module together with a domain classifier is proposed to extract the disentangled domain-irrelevant and domain-specific features. These two modules together enable our model to narrow the domain gap thus generalizing well to the target datasets. Additionally, a detailed feasibility and pilot study is conducted to reflect the intuitive understanding of CD-FSL under our new setting. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our new setting and the proposed method. Codes and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lovelyqian/Meta-FDMixup" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Transductive Maximum Margin Classifier for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11975.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning aims to train a classifier that can generalize well when just a small number of labeled samples per class are given. We introduce Transductive Maximum Margin Classifier (TMMC) for few-shot learning. The basic idea of the classical maximum margin classifier is to solve an optimal prediction function that the corresponding separating hyperplane can correctly divide the training data and the resulting classifier has the largest geometric margin. In few-shot learning scenarios, the training samples are scarce, not enough to find a separating hyperplane with good generalization ability on unseen data. TMMC is constructed using a mixture of the labeled support set and the unlabeled query set in a given task. The unlabeled samples in the query set can adjust the separating hyperplane so that the prediction function is optimal on both the labeled and unlabeled samples. Furthermore, we leverage an efficient and effective quasi-Newton algorithm, the L-BFGS method to optimize TMMC. Experimental results on three standard few-shot learning benchmarks including miniImagenet, tieredImagenet and CUB suggest that our TMMC achieves state-of-the-art accuracies.      
### 31.Boosting Entity-aware Image Captioning with Multi-modal Knowledge Graph  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11970.pdf)
>  Entity-aware image captioning aims to describe named entities and events related to the image by utilizing the background knowledge in the associated article. This task remains challenging as it is difficult to learn the association between named entities and visual cues due to the long-tail distribution of named entities. Furthermore, the complexity of the article brings difficulty in extracting fine-grained relationships between entities to generate informative event descriptions about the image. To tackle these challenges, we propose a novel approach that constructs a multi-modal knowledge graph to associate the visual objects with named entities and capture the relationship between entities simultaneously with the help of external knowledge collected from the web. Specifically, we build a text sub-graph by extracting named entities and their relationships from the article, and build an image sub-graph by detecting the objects in the image. To connect these two sub-graphs, we propose a cross-modal entity matching module trained using a knowledge base that contains Wikipedia entries and the corresponding images. Finally, the multi-modal knowledge graph is integrated into the captioning model via a graph attention mechanism. Extensive experiments on both GoodNews and NYTimes800k datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 32.Temporal Alignment Prediction for Few-Shot Video Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11960.pdf)
>  The goal of few-shot video classification is to learn a classification model with good generalization ability when trained with only a few labeled videos. However, it is difficult to learn discriminative feature representations for videos in such a setting. In this paper, we propose Temporal Alignment Prediction (TAP) based on sequence similarity learning for few-shot video classification. In order to obtain the similarity of a pair of videos, we predict the alignment scores between all pairs of temporal positions in the two videos with the temporal alignment prediction function. Besides, the inputs to this function are also equipped with the context information in the temporal domain. We evaluate TAP on two video classification benchmarks including Kinetics and Something-Something V2. The experimental results verify the effectiveness of TAP and show its superiority over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 33.Log-Polar Space Convolution for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11943.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks use regular quadrilateral convolution kernels to extract features. Since the number of parameters increases quadratically with the size of the convolution kernel, many popular models use small convolution kernels, resulting in small local receptive fields in lower layers. This paper proposes a novel log-polar space convolution (LPSC) method, where the convolution kernel is elliptical and adaptively divides its local receptive field into different regions according to the relative directions and logarithmic distances. The local receptive field grows exponentially with the number of distance levels. Therefore, the proposed LPSC not only naturally encodes local spatial structures, but also greatly increases the single-layer receptive field while maintaining the number of parameters. We show that LPSC can be implemented with conventional convolution via log-polar space pooling and can be applied in any network architecture to replace conventional convolutions. Experiments on different tasks and datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed LPSC. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BingSu12/Log-Polar-Space-Convolution" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.CP-loss: Connectivity-preserving Loss for Road Curb Detection in Autonomous Driving with Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11920.pdf)
>  Road curb detection is important for autonomous driving. It can be used to determine road boundaries to constrain vehicles on roads, so that potential accidents could be avoided. Most of the current methods detect road curbs online using vehicle-mounted sensors, such as cameras or 3-D Lidars. However, these methods usually suffer from severe occlusion issues. Especially in highly-dynamic traffic environments, most of the field of view is occupied by dynamic objects. To alleviate this issue, we detect road curbs offline using high-resolution aerial images in this paper. Moreover, the detected road curbs can be used to create high-definition (HD) maps for autonomous vehicles. Specifically, we first predict the pixel-wise segmentation map of road curbs, and then conduct a series of post-processing steps to extract the graph structure of road curbs. To tackle the disconnectivity issue in the segmentation maps, we propose an innovative connectivity-preserving loss (CP-loss) to improve the segmentation performance. The experimental results on a public dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed loss function. This paper is accompanied with a demonstration video and a supplementary document, which are available at \texttt{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/cp-loss" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 35.ICDAR 2021 Competition on Scene Video Text Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11919.pdf)
>  Scene video text spotting (SVTS) is a very important research topic because of many real-life applications. However, only a little effort has put to spotting scene video text, in contrast to massive studies of scene text spotting in static images. Due to various environmental interferences like motion blur, spotting scene video text becomes very challenging. To promote this research area, this competition introduces a new challenge dataset containing 129 video clips from 21 natural scenarios in full annotations. The competition containts three tasks, that is, video text detection (Task 1), video text tracking (Task 2) and end-to-end video text spotting (Task3). During the competition period (opened on 1st March, 2021 and closed on 11th April, 2021), a total of 24 teams participated in the three proposed tasks with 46 valid submissions, respectively. This paper includes dataset descriptions, task definitions, evaluation protocols and results summaries of the ICDAR 2021 on SVTS competition. Thanks to the healthy number of teams as well as submissions, we consider that the SVTS competition has been successfully held, drawing much attention from the community and promoting the field research and its development.      
### 36.Spatio-Temporal Representation Factorization for Video-based Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11878.pdf)
>  Despite much recent progress in video-based person re-identification (re-ID), the current state-of-the-art still suffers from common real-world challenges such as appearance similarity among various people, occlusions, and frame misalignment. To alleviate these problems, we propose Spatio-Temporal Representation Factorization module (STRF), a flexible new computational unit that can be used in conjunction with most existing 3D convolutional neural network architectures for re-ID. The key innovations of STRF over prior work include explicit pathways for learning discriminative temporal and spatial features, with each component further factorized to capture complementary person-specific appearance and motion information. Specifically, temporal factorization comprises two branches, one each for static features (e.g., the color of clothes) that do not change much over time, and dynamic features (e.g., walking patterns) that change over time. Further, spatial factorization also comprises two branches to learn both global (coarse segments) as well as local (finer segments) appearance features, with the local features particularly useful in cases of occlusion or spatial misalignment. These two factorization operations taken together result in a modular architecture for our parameter-wise economic STRF unit that can be plugged in between any two 3D convolutional layers, resulting in an end-to-end learning framework. We empirically show that STRF improves performance of various existing baseline architectures while demonstrating new state-of-the-art results using standard person re-identification evaluation protocols on three benchmarks.      
### 37.Will Multi-modal Data Improves Few-shot Learning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11853.pdf)
>  Most few-shot learning models utilize only one modality of data. We would like to investigate qualitatively and quantitatively how much will the model improve if we add an extra modality (i.e. text description of the image), and how it affects the learning procedure. To achieve this goal, we propose four types of fusion method to combine the image feature and text feature. To verify the effectiveness of improvement, we test the fusion methods with two classical few-shot learning models - ProtoNet and MAML, with image feature extractors such as ConvNet and ResNet12. The attention-based fusion method works best, which improves the classification accuracy by a large margin around 30% comparing to the baseline result.      
### 38.Transcript to Video: Efficient Clip Sequencing from Texts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11851.pdf)
>  Among numerous videos shared on the web, well-edited ones always attract more attention. However, it is difficult for inexperienced users to make well-edited videos because it requires professional expertise and immense manual labor. To meet the demands for non-experts, we present Transcript-to-Video -- a weakly-supervised framework that uses texts as input to automatically create video sequences from an extensive collection of shots. Specifically, we propose a Content Retrieval Module and a Temporal Coherent Module to learn visual-language representations and model shot sequencing styles, respectively. For fast inference, we introduce an efficient search strategy for real-time video clip sequencing. Quantitative results and user studies demonstrate empirically that the proposed learning framework can retrieve content-relevant shots while creating plausible video sequences in terms of style. Besides, the run-time performance analysis shows that our framework can support real-world applications.      
### 39.On-Device Content Moderation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11845.pdf)
>  With the advent of internet, not safe for work(NSFW) content moderation is a major problem today. Since,smartphones are now part of daily life of billions of people,it becomes even more important to have a solution which coulddetect and suggest user about potential NSFW content present ontheir phone. In this paper we present a novel on-device solutionfor detecting NSFW images. In addition to conventional porno-graphic content moderation, we have also included semi-nudecontent moderation as it is still NSFW in a large demography.We have curated a dataset comprising of three major categories,namely nude, semi-nude and safe images. We have created anensemble of object detector and classifier for filtering of nudeand semi-nude contents. The solution provides unsafe body partannotations along with identification of semi-nude images. Weextensively tested our proposed solution on several public datasetand also on our custom dataset. The model achieves F1 scoreof 0.91 with 95% precision and 88% recall on our customNSFW16k dataset and 0.92 MAP on NPDI dataset. Moreover itachieves average 0.002 false positive rate on a collection of safeimage open datasets.      
### 40.Distributional Shifts in Automated Diabetic Retinopathy Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11822.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based models are developed to automatically detect if a retina image is `referable' in diabetic retinopathy (DR) screening. However, their classification accuracy degrades as the input images distributionally shift from their training distribution. Further, even if the input is not a retina image, a standard DR classifier produces a high confident prediction that the image is `referable'. Our paper presents a Dirichlet Prior Network-based framework to address this issue. It utilizes an out-of-distribution (OOD) detector model and a DR classification model to improve generalizability by identifying OOD images. Experiments on real-world datasets indicate that the proposed framework can eliminate the unknown non-retina images and identify the distributionally shifted retina images for human intervention.      
### 41.Bangla sign language recognition using concatenated BdSL network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11818.pdf)
>  Sign language is the only medium of communication for the hearing impaired and the deaf and dumb community. Communication with the general mass is thus always a challenge for this minority group. Especially in Bangla sign language (BdSL), there are 38 alphabets with some having nearly identical symbols. As a result, in BdSL recognition, the posture of hand is an important factor in addition to visual features extracted from traditional Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). In this paper, a novel architecture "Concatenated BdSL Network" is proposed which consists of a CNN based image network and a pose estimation network. While the image network gets the visual features, the relative positions of hand keypoints are taken by the pose estimation network to obtain the additional features to deal with the complexity of the BdSL symbols. A score of 91.51% was achieved by this novel approach in test set and the effectiveness of the additional pose estimation network is suggested by the experimental results.      
### 42.Adaptive Recursive Circle Framework for Fine-grained Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11813.pdf)
>  How to model fine-grained spatial-temporal dynamics in videos has been a challenging problem for action recognition. It requires learning deep and rich features with superior distinctiveness for the subtle and abstract motions. Most existing methods generate features of a layer in a pure feedforward manner, where the information moves in one direction from inputs to outputs. And they rely on stacking more layers to obtain more powerful features, bringing extra non-negligible overheads. In this paper, we propose an Adaptive Recursive Circle (ARC) framework, a fine-grained decorator for pure feedforward layers. It inherits the operators and parameters of the original layer but is slightly different in the use of those operators and parameters. Specifically, the input of the layer is treated as an evolving state, and its update is alternated with the feature generation. At each recursive step, the input state is enriched by the previously generated features and the feature generation is made with the newly updated input state. We hope the ARC framework can facilitate fine-grained action recognition by introducing deeply refined features and multi-scale receptive fields at a low cost. Significant improvements over feedforward baselines are observed on several benchmarks. For example, an ARC-equipped TSM-ResNet18 outperforms TSM-ResNet50 with 48% fewer FLOPs and 52% model parameters on Something-Something V1 and Diving48.      
### 43.Efficient Large Scale Inlier Voting for Geometric Vision Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11810.pdf)
>  Outlier rejection and equivalently inlier set optimization is a key ingredient in numerous applications in computer vision such as filtering point-matches in camera pose estimation or plane and normal estimation in point clouds. Several approaches exist, yet at large scale we face a combinatorial explosion of possible solutions and state-of-the-art methods like RANSAC, Hough transform or Branch\&amp;Bound require a minimum inlier ratio or prior knowledge to remain practical. In fact, for problems such as camera posing in very large scenes these approaches become useless as they have exponential runtime growth if these conditions aren't met. To approach the problem we present a efficient and general algorithm for outlier rejection based on "intersecting" $k$-dimensional surfaces in $R^d$. We provide a recipe for casting a variety of geometric problems as finding a point in $R^d$ which maximizes the number of nearby surfaces (and thus inliers). The resulting algorithm has linear worst-case complexity with a better runtime dependency in the approximation factor than competing algorithms while not requiring domain specific bounds. This is achieved by introducing a space decomposition scheme that bounds the number of computations by successively rounding and grouping samples. Our recipe (and open-source code) enables anybody to derive such fast approaches to new problems across a wide range of domains. We demonstrate the versatility of the approach on several camera posing problems with a high number of matches at low inlier ratio achieving state-of-the-art results at significantly lower processing times.      
### 44.Denoising and Segmentation of Epigraphical Scripts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11801.pdf)
>  This paper is a presentation of a new method for denoising images using Haralick features and further segmenting the characters using artificial neural networks. The image is divided into kernels, each of which is converted to a GLCM (Gray Level Co-Occurrence Matrix) on which a Haralick Feature generation function is called, the result of which is an array with fourteen elements corresponding to fourteen features The Haralick values and the corresponding noise/text classification form a dictionary, which is then used to de-noise the image through kernel comparison. Segmentation is the process of extracting characters from a document and can be used when letters are separated by white space, which is an explicit boundary marker. Segmentation is the first step in many Natural Language Processing problems. This paper explores the process of segmentation using Neural Networks. While there have been numerous methods to segment characters of a document, this paper is only concerned with the accuracy of doing so using neural networks. It is imperative that the characters be segmented correctly, for failing to do so will lead to incorrect recognition by Natural language processing tools. Artificial Neural Networks was used to attain accuracy of upto 89%. This method is suitable for languages where the characters are delimited by white space. However, this method will fail to provide acceptable results when the language heavily uses connected letters. An example would be the Devanagari script, which is predominantly used in northern India.      
### 45.Comprehensive Studies for Arbitrary-shape Scene Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11800.pdf)
>  Numerous scene text detection methods have been proposed in recent years. Most of them declare they have achieved state-of-the-art performances. However, the performance comparison is unfair, due to lots of inconsistent settings (e.g., training data, backbone network, multi-scale feature fusion, evaluation protocols, etc.). These various settings would dissemble the pros and cons of the proposed core techniques. In this paper, we carefully examine and analyze the inconsistent settings, and propose a unified framework for the bottom-up based scene text detection methods. Under the unified framework, we ensure the consistent settings for non-core modules, and mainly investigate the representations of describing arbitrary-shape scene texts, e.g., regressing points on text contours, clustering pixels with predicted auxiliary information, grouping connected components with learned linkages, etc. With the comprehensive investigations and elaborate analyses, it not only cleans up the obstacle of understanding the performance differences between existing methods but also reveals the advantages and disadvantages of previous models under fair comparisons.      
### 46.Character Spotting Using Machine Learning Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11795.pdf)
>  This work presents a comparison of machine learning algorithms that are implemented to segment the characters of text presented as an image. The algorithms are designed to work on degraded documents with text that is not aligned in an organized fashion. The paper investigates the use of Support Vector Machines, K-Nearest Neighbor algorithm and an Encoder Network to perform the operation of character spotting. Character Spotting involves extracting potential characters from a stream of text by selecting regions bound by white space.      
### 47.Leveraging Auxiliary Tasks with Affinity Learning for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11787.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a challenging task in the absence of densely labelled data. Only relying on class activation maps (CAM) with image-level labels provides deficient segmentation supervision. Prior works thus consider pre-trained models to produce coarse saliency maps to guide the generation of pseudo segmentation labels. However, the commonly used off-line heuristic generation process cannot fully exploit the benefits of these coarse saliency maps. Motivated by the significant inter-task correlation, we propose a novel weakly supervised multi-task framework termed as AuxSegNet, to leverage saliency detection and multi-label image classification as auxiliary tasks to improve the primary task of semantic segmentation using only image-level ground-truth labels. Inspired by their similar structured semantics, we also propose to learn a cross-task global pixel-level affinity map from the saliency and segmentation representations. The learned cross-task affinity can be used to refine saliency predictions and propagate CAM maps to provide improved pseudo labels for both tasks. The mutual boost between pseudo label updating and cross-task affinity learning enables iterative improvements on segmentation performance. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed auxiliary learning network structure and the cross-task affinity learning method. The proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art weakly supervised segmentation performance on the challenging PASCAL VOC 2012 and MS COCO benchmarks.      
### 48.ReDAL: Region-based and Diversity-aware Active Learning for Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11769.pdf)
>  Despite the success of deep learning on supervised point cloud semantic segmentation, obtaining large-scale point-by-point manual annotations is still a significant challenge. To reduce the huge annotation burden, we propose a Region-based and Diversity-aware Active Learning (ReDAL), a general framework for many deep learning approaches, aiming to automatically select only informative and diverse sub-scene regions for label acquisition. Observing that only a small portion of annotated regions are sufficient for 3D scene understanding with deep learning, we use softmax entropy, color discontinuity, and structural complexity to measure the information of sub-scene regions. A diversity-aware selection algorithm is also developed to avoid redundant annotations resulting from selecting informative but similar regions in a querying batch. Extensive experiments show that our method highly outperforms previous active learning strategies, and we achieve the performance of 90% fully supervised learning, while less than 15% and 5% annotations are required on S3DIS and SemanticKITTI datasets, respectively.      
### 49.Semantic Attention and Scale Complementary Network for Instance Segmentation in Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11758.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the challenging multicategory instance segmentation problem in remote sensing images (RSIs), which aims at predicting the categories of all instances and localizing them with pixel-level masks. Although many landmark frameworks have demonstrated promising performance in instance segmentation, the complexity in the background and scale variability instances still remain challenging for instance segmentation of RSIs. To address the above problems, we propose an end-to-end multi-category instance segmentation model, namely Semantic Attention and Scale Complementary Network, which mainly consists of a Semantic Attention (SEA) module and a Scale Complementary Mask Branch (SCMB). The SEA module contains a simple fully convolutional semantic segmentation branch with extra supervision to strengthen the activation of interest instances on the feature map and reduce the background noise's interference. To handle the under-segmentation of geospatial instances with large varying scales, we design the SCMB that extends the original single mask branch to trident mask branches and introduces complementary mask supervision at different scales to sufficiently leverage the multi-scale information. We conduct comprehensive experiments to evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed method on the iSAID dataset and the NWPU Instance Segmentation dataset and achieve promising performance.      
### 50.Can Action be Imitated? Learn to Reconstruct and Transfer Human Dynamics from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11756.pdf)
>  Given a video demonstration, can we imitate the action contained in this video? In this paper, we introduce a novel task, dubbed mesh-based action imitation. The goal of this task is to enable an arbitrary target human mesh to perform the same action shown on the video demonstration. To achieve this, a novel Mesh-based Video Action Imitation (M-VAI) method is proposed by us. M-VAI first learns to reconstruct the meshes from the given source image frames, then the initial recovered mesh sequence is fed into mesh2mesh, a mesh sequence smooth module proposed by us, to improve the temporal consistency. Finally, we imitate the actions by transferring the pose from the constructed human body to our target identity mesh. High-quality and detailed human body meshes can be generated by using our M-VAI. Extensive experiments demonstrate the feasibility of our task and the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 51.PoseFace: Pose-Invariant Features and Pose-Adaptive Loss for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11721.pdf)
>  Despite the great success achieved by deep learning methods in face recognition, severe performance drops are observed for large pose variations in unconstrained environments (e.g., in cases of surveillance and photo-tagging). To address it, current methods either deploy pose-specific models or frontalize faces by additional modules. Still, they ignore the fact that identity information should be consistent across poses and are not realizing the data imbalance between frontal and profile face images during training. In this paper, we propose an efficient PoseFace framework which utilizes the facial landmarks to disentangle the pose-invariant features and exploits a pose-adaptive loss to handle the imbalance issue adaptively. Extensive experimental results on the benchmarks of Multi-PIE, CFP, CPLFW and IJB have demonstrated the superiority of our method over the state-of-the-arts.      
### 52.Temporal-wise Attention Spiking Neural Networks for Event Streams Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11711.pdf)
>  How to effectively and efficiently deal with spatio-temporal event streams, where the events are generally sparse and non-uniform and have the microsecond temporal resolution, is of great value and has various real-life applications. Spiking neural network (SNN), as one of the brain-inspired event-triggered computing models, has the potential to extract effective spatio-temporal features from the event streams. However, when aggregating individual events into frames with a new higher temporal resolution, existing SNN models do not attach importance to that the serial frames have different signal-to-noise ratios since event streams are sparse and non-uniform. This situation interferes with the performance of existing SNNs. In this work, we propose a temporal-wise attention SNN (TA-SNN) model to learn frame-based representation for processing event streams. Concretely, we extend the attention concept to temporal-wise input to judge the significance of frames for the final decision at the training stage, and discard the irrelevant frames at the inference stage. We demonstrate that TA-SNN models improve the accuracy of event streams classification tasks. We also study the impact of multiple-scale temporal resolutions for frame-based representation. Our approach is tested on three different classification tasks: gesture recognition, image classification, and spoken digit recognition. We report the state-of-the-art results on these tasks, and get the essential improvement of accuracy (almost 19\%) for gesture recognition with only 60 ms.      
### 53.Boosting Video Captioning with Dynamic Loss Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11707.pdf)
>  Video captioning is one of the challenging problems at the intersection of vision and language, having many real-life applications in video retrieval, video surveillance, assisting visually challenged people, Human-machine interface, and many more. Recent deep learning-based methods have shown promising results but are still on the lower side than other vision tasks (such as image classification, object detection). A significant drawback with existing video captioning methods is that they are optimized over cross-entropy loss function, which is uncorrelated to the de facto evaluation metrics (BLEU, METEOR, CIDER, ROUGE).In other words, cross-entropy is not a proper surrogate of the true loss function for video captioning. This paper addresses the drawback by introducing a dynamic loss network (DLN), which provides an additional feedback signal that directly reflects the evaluation metrics. Our results on Microsoft Research Video Description Corpus (MSVD) and MSR-Video to Text (MSRVTT) datasets outperform previous methods.      
### 54.Rank &amp; Sort Loss for Object Detection and Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11669.pdf)
>  We propose Rank &amp; Sort (RS) Loss, as a ranking-based loss function to train deep object detection and instance segmentation methods (i.e. visual detectors). RS Loss supervises the classifier, a sub-network of these methods, to rank each positive above all negatives as well as to sort positives among themselves with respect to (wrt.) their continuous localisation qualities (e.g. Intersection-over-Union - IoU). To tackle the non-differentiable nature of ranking and sorting, we reformulate the incorporation of error-driven update with backpropagation as Identity Update, which enables us to model our novel sorting error among positives. With RS Loss, we significantly simplify training: (i) Thanks to our sorting objective, the positives are prioritized by the classifier without an additional auxiliary head (e.g. for centerness, IoU, mask-IoU), (ii) due to its ranking-based nature, RS Loss is robust to class imbalance, and thus, no sampling heuristic is required, and (iii) we address the multi-task nature of visual detectors using tuning-free task-balancing coefficients. Using RS Loss, we train seven diverse visual detectors only by tuning the learning rate, and show that it consistently outperforms baselines: e.g. our RS Loss improves (i) Faster R-CNN by ~ 3 box AP and aLRP Loss (ranking-based baseline) by ~ 2 box AP on COCO dataset, (ii) Mask R-CNN with repeat factor sampling (RFS) by 3.5 mask AP (~ 7 AP for rare classes) on LVIS dataset; and also outperforms all counterparts. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kemaloksuz/RankSortLoss" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 55.Hand Image Understanding via Deep Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11646.pdf)
>  Analyzing and understanding hand information from multimedia materials like images or videos is important for many real world applications and remains active in research community. There are various works focusing on recovering hand information from single image, however, they usually solve a single task, for example, hand mask segmentation, 2D/3D hand pose estimation, or hand mesh reconstruction and perform not well in challenging scenarios. To further improve the performance of these tasks, we propose a novel Hand Image Understanding (HIU) framework to extract comprehensive information of the hand object from a single RGB image, by jointly considering the relationships between these tasks. To achieve this goal, a cascaded multi-task learning (MTL) backbone is designed to estimate the 2D heat maps, to learn the segmentation mask, and to generate the intermediate 3D information encoding, followed by a coarse-to-fine learning paradigm and a self-supervised learning strategy. Qualitative experiments demonstrate that our approach is capable of recovering reasonable mesh representations even in challenging situations. Quantitatively, our method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches on various widely-used datasets, in terms of diverse evaluation metrics.      
### 56.An Uncertainty-Aware Deep Learning Framework for Defect Detection in Casting Products  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11643.pdf)
>  Defects are unavoidable in casting production owing to the complexity of the casting process. While conventional human-visual inspection of casting products is slow and unproductive in mass productions, an automatic and reliable defect detection not just enhances the quality control process but positively improves productivity. However, casting defect detection is a challenging task due to diversity and variation in defects' appearance. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been widely applied in both image classification and defect detection tasks. Howbeit, CNNs with frequentist inference require a massive amount of data to train on and still fall short in reporting beneficial estimates of their predictive uncertainty. Accordingly, leveraging the transfer learning paradigm, we first apply four powerful CNN-based models (VGG16, ResNet50, DenseNet121, and InceptionResNetV2) on a small dataset to extract meaningful features. Extracted features are then processed by various machine learning algorithms to perform the classification task. Simulation results demonstrate that linear support vector machine (SVM) and multi-layer perceptron (MLP) show the finest performance in defect detection of casting images. Secondly, to achieve a reliable classification and to measure epistemic uncertainty, we employ an uncertainty quantification (UQ) technique (ensemble of MLP models) using features extracted from four pre-trained CNNs. UQ confusion matrix and uncertainty accuracy metric are also utilized to evaluate the predictive uncertainty estimates. Comprehensive comparisons reveal that UQ method based on VGG16 outperforms others to fetch uncertainty. We believe an uncertainty-aware automatic defect detection solution will reinforce casting productions quality assurance.      
### 57.Deep Machine Learning Based Egyptian Vehicle License Plate Recognition Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11640.pdf)
>  Automated Vehicle License Plate (VLP) detection and recognition have ended up being a significant research issue as of late. VLP localization and recognition are some of the most essential techniques for managing traffic using digital techniques. In this paper, four smart systems are developed to recognize Egyptian vehicles license plates. Two systems are based on character recognition, which are (System1, Characters Recognition with Classical Machine Learning) and (System2, Characters Recognition with Deep Machine Learning). The other two systems are based on the whole plate recognition which are (System3, Whole License Plate Recognition with Classical Machine Learning) and (System4, Whole License Plate Recognition with Deep Machine Learning). We use object detection algorithms, and machine learning based object recognition algorithms. The performance of the developed systems has been tested on real images, and the experimental results demonstrate that the best detection accuracy rate for VLP is provided by using the deep learning method. Where the VLP detection accuracy rate is better than the classical system by 32%. However, the best detection accuracy rate for Vehicle License Plate Arabic Character (VLPAC) is provided by using the classical method. Where VLPAC detection accuracy rate is better than the deep learning-based system by 6%. Also, the results show that deep learning is better than the classical technique used in VLP recognition processes. Where the recognition accuracy rate is better than the classical system by 8%. Finally, the paper output recommends a robust VLP recognition system based on both statistical and deep machine learning.      
### 58.Self-Conditioned Probabilistic Learning of Video Rescaling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11639.pdf)
>  Bicubic downscaling is a prevalent technique used to reduce the video storage burden or to accelerate the downstream processing speed. However, the inverse upscaling step is non-trivial, and the downscaled video may also deteriorate the performance of downstream tasks. In this paper, we propose a self-conditioned probabilistic framework for video rescaling to learn the paired downscaling and upscaling procedures simultaneously. During the training, we decrease the entropy of the information lost in the downscaling by maximizing its probability conditioned on the strong spatial-temporal prior information within the downscaled video. After optimization, the downscaled video by our framework preserves more meaningful information, which is beneficial for both the upscaling step and the downstream tasks, e.g., video action recognition task. We further extend the framework to a lossy video compression system, in which a gradient estimator for non-differential industrial lossy codecs is proposed for the end-to-end training of the whole system. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our approach on video rescaling, video compression, and efficient action recognition tasks.      
### 59.Clustering by Maximizing Mutual Information Across Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11635.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework for image clustering that incorporates joint representation learning and clustering. Our method consists of two heads that share the same backbone network - a "representation learning" head and a "clustering" head. The "representation learning" head captures fine-grained patterns of objects at the instance level which serve as clues for the "clustering" head to extract coarse-grain information that separates objects into clusters. The whole model is trained in an end-to-end manner by minimizing the weighted sum of two sample-oriented contrastive losses applied to the outputs of the two heads. To ensure that the contrastive loss corresponding to the "clustering" head is optimal, we introduce a novel critic function called "log-of-dot-product". Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art single-stage clustering methods across a variety of image datasets, improving over the best baseline by about 5-7% in accuracy on CIFAR10/20, STL10, and ImageNet-Dogs. Further, the "two-stage" variant of our method also achieves better results than baselines on three challenging ImageNet subsets.      
### 60.ASOD60K: Audio-Induced Salient Object Detection in Panoramic Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11629.pdf)
>  Exploring to what humans pay attention in dynamic panoramic scenes is useful for many fundamental applications, including augmented reality (AR) in retail, AR-powered recruitment, and visual language navigation. With this goal in mind, we propose PV-SOD, a new task that aims to segment salient objects from panoramic videos. In contrast to existing fixation-level or object-level saliency detection tasks, we focus on multi-modal salient object detection (SOD), which mimics human attention mechanism by segmenting salient objects with the guidance of audio-visual cues. To support this task, we collect the first large-scale dataset, named ASOD60K, which contains 4K-resolution video frames annotated with a six-level hierarchy, thus distinguishing itself with richness, diversity and quality. Specifically, each sequence is marked with both its super-/sub-class, with objects of each sub-class being further annotated with human eye fixations, bounding boxes, object-/instance-level masks, and associated attributes (e.g., geometrical distortion). These coarse-to-fine annotations enable detailed analysis for PV-SOD modeling, e.g., determining the major challenges for existing SOD models, and predicting scanpaths to study the long-term eye fixation behaviors of humans. We systematically benchmark 11 representative approaches on ASOD60K and derive several interesting findings. We hope this study could serve as a good starting point for advancing SOD research towards panoramic videos.      
### 61.Multi-Label Image Classification with Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11626.pdf)
>  Recently, as an effective way of learning latent representations, contrastive learning has been increasingly popular and successful in various domains. The success of constrastive learning in single-label classifications motivates us to leverage this learning framework to enhance distinctiveness for better performance in multi-label image classification. In this paper, we show that a direct application of contrastive learning can hardly improve in multi-label cases. Accordingly, we propose a novel framework for multi-label classification with contrastive learning in a fully supervised setting, which learns multiple representations of an image under the context of different labels. This facilities a simple yet intuitive adaption of contrastive learning into our model to boost its performance in multi-label image classification. Extensive experiments on two benchmark datasets show that the proposed framework achieves state-of-the-art performance in the comparison with the advanced methods in multi-label classification.      
### 62.LAConv: Local Adaptive Convolution for Image Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11617.pdf)
>  The convolution operation is a powerful tool for feature extraction and plays a prominent role in the field of computer vision. However, when targeting the pixel-wise tasks like image fusion, it would not fully perceive the particularity of each pixel in the image if the uniform convolution kernel is used on different patches. In this paper, we propose a local adaptive convolution (LAConv), which is dynamically adjusted to different spatial locations. LAConv enables the network to pay attention to every specific local area in the learning process. Besides, the dynamic bias (DYB) is introduced to provide more possibilities for the depiction of features and make the network more flexible. We further design a residual structure network equipped with the proposed LAConv and DYB modules, and apply it to two image fusion tasks. Experiments for pansharpening and hyperspectral image super-resolution (HISR) demonstrate the superiority of our method over other state-of-the-art methods. It is worth mentioning that LAConv can also be competent for other super-resolution tasks with less computation effort.      
### 63.Two Headed Dragons: Multimodal Fusion and Cross Modal Transactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11585.pdf)
>  As the field of remote sensing is evolving, we witness the accumulation of information from several modalities, such as multispectral (MS), hyperspectral (HSI), LiDAR etc. Each of these modalities possess its own distinct characteristics and when combined synergistically, perform very well in the recognition and classification tasks. However, fusing multiple modalities in remote sensing is cumbersome due to highly disparate domains. Furthermore, the existing methods do not facilitate cross-modal interactions. To this end, we propose a novel transformer based fusion method for HSI and LiDAR modalities. The model is composed of stacked auto encoders that harness the cross key-value pairs for HSI and LiDAR, thus establishing a communication between the two modalities, while simultaneously using the CNNs to extract the spectral and spatial information from HSI and LiDAR. We test our model on Houston (Data Fusion Contest - 2013) and MUUFL Gulfport datasets and achieve competitive results.      
### 64.X-GGM: Graph Generative Modeling for Out-of-Distribution Generalization in Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11576.pdf)
>  Encouraging progress has been made towards Visual Question Answering (VQA) in recent years, but it is still challenging to enable VQA models to adaptively generalize to out-of-distribution (OOD) samples. Intuitively, recompositions of existing visual concepts (i.e., attributes and objects) can generate unseen compositions in the training set, which will promote VQA models to generalize to OOD samples. In this paper, we formulate OOD generalization in VQA as a compositional generalization problem and propose a graph generative modeling-based training scheme (X-GGM) to handle the problem implicitly. X-GGM leverages graph generative modeling to iteratively generate a relation matrix and node representations for the predefined graph that utilizes attribute-object pairs as nodes. Furthermore, to alleviate the unstable training issue in graph generative modeling, we propose a gradient distribution consistency loss to constrain the data distribution with adversarial perturbations and the generated distribution. The baseline VQA model (LXMERT) trained with the X-GGM scheme achieves state-of-the-art OOD performance on two standard VQA OOD benchmarks, i.e., VQA-CP v2 and GQA-OOD. Extensive ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness of X-GGM components.      
### 65.Going Deeper into Semi-supervised Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11566.pdf)
>  Person re-identification is the challenging task of identifying a person across different camera views. Training a convolutional neural network (CNN) for this task requires annotating a large dataset, and hence, it involves the time-consuming manual matching of people across cameras. To reduce the need for labeled data, we focus on a semi-supervised approach that requires only a subset of the training data to be labeled. We conduct a comprehensive survey in the area of person re-identification with limited labels. Existing works in this realm are limited in the sense that they utilize features from multiple CNNs and require the number of identities in the unlabeled data to be known. To overcome these limitations, we propose to employ part-based features from a single CNN without requiring the knowledge of the label space (i.e., the number of identities). This makes our approach more suitable for practical scenarios, and it significantly reduces the need for computational resources. We also propose a PartMixUp loss that improves the discriminative ability of learned part-based features for pseudo-labeling in semi-supervised settings. Our method outperforms the state-of-the-art results on three large-scale person re-id datasets and achieves the same level of performance as fully supervised methods with only one-third of labeled identities.      
### 66.Semantic-guided Pixel Sampling for Cloth-Changing Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11522.pdf)
>  Cloth-changing person re-identification (re-ID) is a new rising research topic that aims at retrieving pedestrians whose clothes are changed. This task is quite challenging and has not been fully studied to date. Current works mainly focus on body shape or contour sketch, but they are not robust enough due to view and posture variations. The key to this task is to exploit cloth-irrelevant cues. This paper proposes a semantic-guided pixel sampling approach for the cloth-changing person re-ID task. We do not explicitly define which feature to extract but force the model to automatically learn cloth-irrelevant cues. Specifically, we first recognize the pedestrian's upper clothes and pants, then randomly change them by sampling pixels from other pedestrians. The changed samples retain the identity labels but exchange the pixels of clothes or pants among different pedestrians. Besides, we adopt a loss function to constrain the learned features to keep consistent before and after changes. In this way, the model is forced to learn cues that are irrelevant to upper clothes and pants. We conduct extensive experiments on the latest released PRCC dataset. Our method achieved 65.8% on Rank1 accuracy, which outperforms previous methods with a large margin. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shuxjweb/pixel_sampling.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 67.Crosslink-Net: Double-branch Encoder Segmentation Network via Fusing Vertical and Horizontal Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11517.pdf)
>  Accurate image segmentation plays a crucial role in medical image analysis, yet it faces great challenges of various shapes, diverse sizes, and blurry boundaries. To address these difficulties, square kernel-based encoder-decoder architecture has been proposed and widely used, but its performance remains still unsatisfactory. To further cope with these challenges, we present a novel double-branch encoder architecture. Our architecture is inspired by two observations: 1) Since the discrimination of features learned via square convolutional kernels needs to be further improved, we propose to utilize non-square vertical and horizontal convolutional kernels in the double-branch encoder, so features learned by the two branches can be expected to complement each other. 2) Considering that spatial attention can help models to better focus on the target region in a large-sized image, we develop an attention loss to further emphasize the segmentation on small-sized targets. Together, the above two schemes give rise to a novel double-branch encoder segmentation framework for medical image segmentation, namely Crosslink-Net. The experiments validate the effectiveness of our model on four datasets. The code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Qianyu1226/Crosslink-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.Cycled Compositional Learning between Images and Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11509.pdf)
>  We present an approach named the Cycled Composition Network that can measure the semantic distance of the composition of image-text embedding. First, the Composition Network transit a reference image to target image in an embedding space using relative caption. Second, the Correction Network calculates a difference between reference and retrieved target images in the embedding space and match it with a relative caption. Our goal is to learn a Composition mapping with the Composition Network. Since this one-way mapping is highly under-constrained, we couple it with an inverse relation learning with the Correction Network and introduce a cycled relation for given Image We participate in Fashion IQ 2020 challenge and have won the first place with the ensemble of our model.      
### 69.TinyAction Challenge: Recognizing Real-world Low-resolution Activities in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11494.pdf)
>  This paper summarizes the TinyAction challenge which was organized in ActivityNet workshop at CVPR 2021. This challenge focuses on recognizing real-world low-resolution activities present in videos. Action recognition task is currently focused around classifying the actions from high-quality videos where the actors and the action is clearly visible. While various approaches have been shown effective for recognition task in recent works, they often do not deal with videos of lower resolution where the action is happening in a tiny region. However, many real world security videos often have the actual action captured in a small resolution, making action recognition in a tiny region a challenging task. In this work, we propose a benchmark dataset, TinyVIRAT-v2, which is comprised of naturally occuring low-resolution actions. This is an extension of the TinyVIRAT dataset and consists of actions with multiple labels. The videos are extracted from security videos which makes them realistic and more challenging. We use current state-of-the-art action recognition methods on the dataset as a benchmark, and propose the TinyAction Challenge.      
### 70.Multi-Echo LiDAR for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11470.pdf)
>  LiDAR sensors can be used to obtain a wide range of measurement signals other than a simple 3D point cloud, and those signals can be leveraged to improve perception tasks like 3D object detection. A single laser pulse can be partially reflected by multiple objects along its path, resulting in multiple measurements called echoes. Multi-echo measurement can provide information about object contours and semi-transparent surfaces which can be used to better identify and locate objects. LiDAR can also measure surface reflectance (intensity of laser pulse return), as well as ambient light of the scene (sunlight reflected by objects). These signals are already available in commercial LiDAR devices but have not been used in most LiDAR-based detection models. We present a 3D object detection model which leverages the full spectrum of measurement signals provided by LiDAR. First, we propose a multi-signal fusion (MSF) module to combine (1) the reflectance and ambient features extracted with a 2D CNN, and (2) point cloud features extracted using a 3D graph neural network (GNN). Second, we propose a multi-echo aggregation (MEA) module to combine the information encoded in different set of echo points. Compared with traditional single echo point cloud methods, our proposed Multi-Signal LiDAR Detector (MSLiD) extracts richer context information from a wider range of sensing measurements and achieves more accurate 3D object detection. Experiments show that by incorporating the multi-modality of LiDAR, our method outperforms the state-of-the-art by up to 9.1%.      
### 71.Deep Learning Based Cardiac MRI Segmentation: Do We Need Experts?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11447.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods are the de-facto solutions to a multitude of medical image analysis tasks. Cardiac MRI segmentation is one such application which, like many others, requires a large number of annotated data so a trained network can generalize well. Unfortunately, the process of having a large number of manually curated images by medical experts is both slow and utterly expensive. In this paper, we set out to explore whether expert knowledge is a strict requirement for the creation of annotated datasets that machine learning can successfully train on. To do so, we gauged the performance of three segmentation models, namely U-Net, Attention U-Net, and ENet, trained with different loss functions on expert and non-expert groundtruth for cardiac cine-MRI segmentation. Evaluation was done with classic segmentation metrics (Dice index and Hausdorff distance) as well as clinical measurements, such as the ventricular ejection fractions and the myocardial mass. Results reveal that generalization performances of a segmentation neural network trained on non-expert groundtruth data is, to all practical purposes, as good as on expert groundtruth data, in particular when the non-expert gets a decent level of training, highlighting an opportunity for the efficient and cheap creation of annotations for cardiac datasets.      
### 72.Cross-Sentence Temporal and Semantic Relations in Video Activity Localisation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11443.pdf)
>  Video activity localisation has recently attained increasing attention due to its practical values in automatically localising the most salient visual segments corresponding to their language descriptions (sentences) from untrimmed and unstructured videos. For supervised model training, a temporal annotation of both the start and end time index of each video segment for a sentence (a video moment) must be given. This is not only very expensive but also sensitive to ambiguity and subjective annotation bias, a much harder task than image labelling. In this work, we develop a more accurate weakly-supervised solution by introducing Cross-Sentence Relations Mining (CRM) in video moment proposal generation and matching when only a paragraph description of activities without per-sentence temporal annotation is available. Specifically, we explore two cross-sentence relational constraints: (1) Temporal ordering and (2) semantic consistency among sentences in a paragraph description of video activities. Existing weakly-supervised techniques only consider within-sentence video segment correlations in training without considering cross-sentence paragraph context. This can mislead due to ambiguous expressions of individual sentences with visually indiscriminate video moment proposals in isolation. Experiments on two publicly available activity localisation datasets show the advantages of our approach over the state-of-the-art weakly supervised methods, especially so when the video activity descriptions become more complex.      
### 73.Structure-Preserving Multi-Domain Stain Color Augmentation using Style-Transfer with Disentangled Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12357.pdf)
>  In digital pathology, different staining procedures and scanners cause substantial color variations in whole-slide images (WSIs), especially across different laboratories. These color shifts result in a poor generalization of deep learning-based methods from the training domain to external pathology data. To increase test performance, stain normalization techniques are used to reduce the variance between training and test domain. Alternatively, color augmentation can be applied during training leading to a more robust model without the extra step of color normalization at test time. We propose a novel color augmentation technique, HistAuGAN, that can simulate a wide variety of realistic histology stain colors, thus making neural networks stain-invariant when applied during training. Based on a generative adversarial network (GAN) for image-to-image translation, our model disentangles the content of the image, i.e., the morphological tissue structure, from the stain color attributes. It can be trained on multiple domains and, therefore, learns to cover different stain colors as well as other domain-specific variations introduced in the slide preparation and imaging process. We demonstrate that HistAuGAN outperforms conventional color augmentation techniques on a classification task on the publicly available dataset Camelyon17 and show that it is able to mitigate present batch effects.      
### 74.MAG-Net: Mutli-task attention guided network for brain tumor segmentation and classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12321.pdf)
>  Brain tumor is the most common and deadliest disease that can be found in all age groups. Generally, MRI modality is adopted for identifying and diagnosing tumors by the radiologists. The correct identification of tumor regions and its type can aid to diagnose tumors with the followup treatment plans. However, for any radiologist analysing such scans is a complex and time-consuming task. Motivated by the deep learning based computer-aided-diagnosis systems, this paper proposes multi-task attention guided encoder-decoder network (MAG-Net) to classify and segment the brain tumor regions using MRI images. The MAG-Net is trained and evaluated on the Figshare dataset that includes coronal, axial, and sagittal views with 3 types of tumors meningioma, glioma, and pituitary tumor. With exhaustive experimental trials the model achieved promising results as compared to existing state-of-the-art models, while having least number of training parameters among other state-of-the-art models.      
### 75.In Defense of the Learning Without Forgetting for Task Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12304.pdf)
>  Catastrophic forgetting is one of the major challenges on the road for continual learning systems, which are presented with an on-line stream of tasks. The field has attracted considerable interest and a diverse set of methods have been presented for overcoming this challenge. Learning without Forgetting (LwF) is one of the earliest and most frequently cited methods. It has the advantages of not requiring the storage of samples from the previous tasks, of implementation simplicity, and of being well-grounded by relying on knowledge distillation. However, the prevailing view is that while it shows a relatively small amount of forgetting when only two tasks are introduced, it fails to scale to long sequences of tasks. This paper challenges this view, by showing that using the right architecture along with a standard set of augmentations, the results obtained by LwF surpass the latest algorithms for task incremental scenario. This improved performance is demonstrated by an extensive set of experiments over CIFAR-100 and Tiny-ImageNet, where it is also shown that other methods cannot benefit as much from similar improvements.      
### 76.B-line Detection in Lung Ultrasound Videos: Cartesian vs Polar Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12291.pdf)
>  Lung ultrasound (LUS) imaging is becoming popular in the intensive care units (ICU) for assessing lung abnormalities such as the appearance of B-line artefacts as a result of severe dengue. These artefacts appear in the LUS images and disappear quickly, making their manual detection very challenging. They also extend radially following the propagation of the sound waves. As a result, we hypothesize that a polar representation may be more adequate for automatic image analysis of these images. This paper presents an attention-based Convolutional+LSTM model to automatically detect B-lines in LUS videos, comparing performance when image data is taken in Cartesian and polar representations. Results indicate that the proposed framework with polar representation achieves competitive performance compared to the Cartesian representation for B-line classification and that attention mechanism can provide better localization.      
### 77.Thought Flow Nets: From Single Predictions to Trains of Model Thought  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12220.pdf)
>  When humans solve complex problems, they rarely come up with a decision right-away. Instead, they start with an intuitive decision, reflect upon it, spot mistakes, resolve contradictions and jump between different hypotheses. Thus, they create a sequence of ideas and follow a train of thought that ultimately reaches a conclusive decision. Contrary to this, today's neural classification models are mostly trained to map an input to one single and fixed output. In this paper, we investigate how we can give models the opportunity of a second, third and $k$-th thought. We take inspiration from Hegel's dialectics and propose a method that turns an existing classifier's class prediction (such as the image class forest) into a sequence of predictions (such as forest $\rightarrow$ tree $\rightarrow$ mushroom). Concretely, we propose a correction module that is trained to estimate the model's correctness as well as an iterative prediction update based on the prediction's gradient. Our approach results in a dynamic system over class probability distributions $\unicode{x2014}$ the thought flow. We evaluate our method on diverse datasets and tasks from computer vision and natural language processing. We observe surprisingly complex but intuitive behavior and demonstrate that our method (i) can correct misclassifications, (ii) strengthens model performance, (iii) is robust to high levels of adversarial attacks, (iv) can increase accuracy up to 4% in a label-distribution-shift setting and (iv) provides a tool for model interpretability that uncovers model knowledge which otherwise remains invisible in a single distribution prediction.      
### 78.Early Diagnosis of Lung Cancer Using Computer Aided Detection via Lung Segmentation Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12205.pdf)
>  Lung cancer begins in the lungs and leading to the reason of cancer demise amid population in the creation. According to the American Cancer Society, which estimates about 27% of the deaths because of cancer. In the early phase of its evolution, lung cancer does not cause any symptoms usually. Many of the patients have been diagnosed in a developed phase where symptoms become more prominent, that results in poor curative treatment and high mortality rate. Computer Aided Detection systems are used to achieve greater accuracies for the lung cancer diagnosis. In this research exertion, we proposed a novel methodology for lung Segmentation on the basis of Fuzzy C-Means Clustering, Adaptive Thresholding, and Segmentation of Active Contour Model. The experimental results are analysed and presented.      
### 79.Multimodal Fusion Using Deep Learning Applied to Driver's Referencing of Outside-Vehicle Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12167.pdf)
>  There is a growing interest in more intelligent natural user interaction with the car. Hand gestures and speech are already being applied for driver-car interaction. Moreover, multimodal approaches are also showing promise in the automotive industry. In this paper, we utilize deep learning for a multimodal fusion network for referencing objects outside the vehicle. We use features from gaze, head pose and finger pointing simultaneously to precisely predict the referenced objects in different car poses. We demonstrate the practical limitations of each modality when used for a natural form of referencing, specifically inside the car. As evident from our results, we overcome the modality specific limitations, to a large extent, by the addition of other modalities. This work highlights the importance of multimodal sensing, especially when moving towards natural user interaction. Furthermore, our user based analysis shows noteworthy differences in recognition of user behavior depending upon the vehicle pose.      
### 80.Federated Action Recognition on Heterogeneous Embedded Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12147.pdf)
>  Federated learning allows a large number of devices to jointly learn a model without sharing data. In this work, we enable clients with limited computing power to perform action recognition, a computationally heavy task. We first perform model compression at the central server through knowledge distillation on a large dataset. This allows the model to learn complex features and serves as an initialization for model fine-tuning. The fine-tuning is required because the limited data present in smaller datasets is not adequate for action recognition models to learn complex spatio-temporal features. Because the clients present are often heterogeneous in their computing resources, we use an asynchronous federated optimization and we further show a convergence bound. We compare our approach to two baseline approaches: fine-tuning at the central server (no clients) and fine-tuning using (heterogeneous) clients using synchronous federated averaging. We empirically show on a testbed of heterogeneous embedded devices that we can perform action recognition with comparable accuracy to the two baselines above, while our asynchronous learning strategy reduces the training time by 40%, relative to synchronous learning.      
### 81.3D AGSE-VNet: An Automatic Brain Tumor MRI Data Segmentation Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12046.pdf)
>  Background: Glioma is the most common brain malignant tumor, with a high morbidity rate and a mortality rate of more than three percent, which seriously endangers human health. The main method of acquiring brain tumors in the clinic is MRI. Segmentation of brain tumor regions from multi-modal MRI scan images is helpful for treatment inspection, post-diagnosis monitoring, and effect evaluation of patients. However, the common operation in clinical brain tumor segmentation is still manual segmentation, lead to its time-consuming and large performance difference between different operators, a consistent and accurate automatic segmentation method is urgently needed. Methods: To meet the above challenges, we propose an automatic brain tumor MRI data segmentation framework which is called AGSE-VNet. In our study, the Squeeze and Excite (SE) module is added to each encoder, the Attention Guide Filter (AG) module is added to each decoder, using the channel relationship to automatically enhance the useful information in the channel to suppress the useless information, and use the attention mechanism to guide the edge information and remove the influence of irrelevant information such as noise. Results: We used the BraTS2020 challenge online verification tool to evaluate our approach. The focus of verification is that the Dice scores of the whole tumor (WT), tumor core (TC) and enhanced tumor (ET) are 0.68, 0.85 and 0.70, respectively. Conclusion: Although MRI images have different intensities, AGSE-VNet is not affected by the size of the tumor, and can more accurately extract the features of the three regions, it has achieved impressive results and made outstanding contributions to the clinical diagnosis and treatment of brain tumor patients.      
### 82.Towards Generative Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12038.pdf)
>  We present a neural video compression method based on generative adversarial networks (GANs) that outperforms previous neural video compression methods and is comparable to HEVC in a user study. We propose a technique to mitigate temporal error accumulation caused by recursive frame compression that uses randomized shifting and un-shifting, motivated by a spectral analysis. We present in detail the network design choices, their relative importance, and elaborate on the challenges of evaluating video compression methods in user studies.      
### 83.Weakly Supervised Attention Model for RV StrainClassification from volumetric CTPA Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12009.pdf)
>  Pulmonary embolus (PE) refers to obstruction of pulmonary arteries by blood clots. PE accounts for approximately 100,000 deaths per year in the United States alone. The clinical presentation of PE is often nonspecific, making the diagnosis challenging. Thus, rapid and accurate risk stratification is of paramount importance. High-risk PE is caused by right ventricular (RV) dysfunction from acute pressure overload, which in return can help identify which patients require more aggressive therapy. Reconstructed four-chamber views of the heart on chest CT can detect right ventricular enlargement. CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) is the golden standard in the diagnostic workup of suspected PE. Therefore, it can link between diagnosis and risk stratification strategies. We developed a weakly supervised deep learning algorithm, with an emphasis on a novel attention mechanism, to automatically classify RV strain on CTPA. Our method is a 3D DenseNet model with integrated 3D residual attention blocks. We evaluated our model on a dataset of CTPAs of emergency department (ED) PE patients. This model achieved an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 0.88 for classifying RV strain. The model showed a sensitivity of 87% and specificity of 83.7%. Our solution outperforms state-of-the-art 3D CNN networks. The proposed design allows for a fully automated network that can be trained easily in an end-to-end manner without requiring computationally intensive and time-consuming preprocessing or strenuous labeling of the data.We infer that unmarked CTPAs can be used for effective RV strain classification. This could be used as a second reader, alerting for high-risk PE patients. To the best of our knowledge, there are no previous deep learning-based studies that attempted to solve this problem.      
### 84.Benign Adversarial Attack: Tricking Algorithm for Goodness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11986.pdf)
>  In spite of the successful application in many fields, machine learning algorithms today suffer from notorious problems like vulnerability to adversarial examples. Beyond falling into the cat-and-mouse game between adversarial attack and defense, this paper provides alternative perspective to consider adversarial example and explore whether we can exploit it in benign applications. We first propose a novel taxonomy of visual information along task-relevance and semantic-orientation. The emergence of adversarial example is attributed to algorithm's utilization of task-relevant non-semantic information. While largely ignored in classical machine learning mechanisms, task-relevant non-semantic information enjoys three interesting characteristics as (1) exclusive to algorithm, (2) reflecting common weakness, and (3) utilizable as features. Inspired by this, we present brave new idea called benign adversarial attack to exploit adversarial examples for goodness in three directions: (1) adversarial Turing test, (2) rejecting malicious algorithm, and (3) adversarial data augmentation. Each direction is positioned with motivation elaboration, justification analysis and prototype applications to showcase its potential.      
### 85.A Unified Hyper-GAN Model for Unpaired Multi-contrast MR Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11945.pdf)
>  Cross-contrast image translation is an important task for completing missing contrasts in clinical diagnosis. However, most existing methods learn separate translator for each pair of contrasts, which is inefficient due to many possible contrast pairs in real scenarios. In this work, we propose a unified Hyper-GAN model for effectively and efficiently translating between different contrast pairs. Hyper-GAN consists of a pair of hyper-encoder and hyper-decoder to first map from the source contrast to a common feature space, and then further map to the target contrast image. To facilitate the translation between different contrast pairs, contrast-modulators are designed to tune the hyper-encoder and hyper-decoder adaptive to different contrasts. We also design a common space loss to enforce that multi-contrast images of a subject share a common feature space, implicitly modeling the shared underlying anatomical structures. Experiments on two datasets of IXI and BraTS 2019 show that our Hyper-GAN achieves state-of-the-art results in both accuracy and efficiency, e.g., improving more than 1.47 and 1.09 dB in PSNR on two datasets with less than half the amount of parameters.      
### 86.Lung Cancer Risk Estimation with Incomplete Data: A Joint Missing Imputation Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11882.pdf)
>  Data from multi-modality provide complementary information in clinical prediction, but missing data in clinical cohorts limits the number of subjects in multi-modal learning context. Multi-modal missing imputation is challenging with existing methods when 1) the missing data span across heterogeneous modalities (e.g., image vs. non-image); or 2) one modality is largely missing. In this paper, we address imputation of missing data by modeling the joint distribution of multi-modal data. Motivated by partial bidirectional generative adversarial net (PBiGAN), we propose a new Conditional PBiGAN (C-PBiGAN) method that imputes one modality combining the conditional knowledge from another modality. Specifically, C-PBiGAN introduces a conditional latent space in a missing imputation framework that jointly encodes the available multi-modal data, along with a class regularization loss on imputed data to recover discriminative information. To our knowledge, it is the first generative adversarial model that addresses multi-modal missing imputation by modeling the joint distribution of image and non-image data. We validate our model with both the national lung screening trial (NLST) dataset and an external clinical validation cohort. The proposed C-PBiGAN achieves significant improvements in lung cancer risk estimation compared with representative imputation methods (e.g., AUC values increase in both NLST (+2.9\%) and in-house dataset (+4.3\%) compared with PBiGAN, p$&lt;$0.05).      
### 87.Improving Robot Localisation by Ignoring Visual Distraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11857.pdf)
>  Attention is an important component of modern deep learning. However, less emphasis has been put on its inverse: ignoring distraction. Our daily lives require us to explicitly avoid giving attention to salient visual features that confound the task we are trying to accomplish. This visual prioritisation allows us to concentrate on important tasks while ignoring visual distractors. <br>In this work, we introduce Neural Blindness, which gives an agent the ability to completely ignore objects or classes that are deemed distractors. More explicitly, we aim to render a neural network completely incapable of representing specific chosen classes in its latent space. In a very real sense, this makes the network "blind" to certain classes, allowing and agent to focus on what is important for a given task, and demonstrates how this can be used to improve localisation.      
### 88.Go Wider Instead of Deeper  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11817.pdf)
>  The transformer has recently achieved impressive results on various tasks. To further improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the transformer, there are two trains of thought among existing works: (1) going wider by scaling to more trainable parameters; (2) going shallower by parameter sharing or model compressing along with the depth. However, larger models usually do not scale well when fewer tokens are available to train, and advanced parallelisms are required when the model is extremely large. Smaller models usually achieve inferior performance compared to the original transformer model due to the loss of representation power. In this paper, to achieve better performance with fewer trainable parameters, we propose a framework to deploy trainable parameters efficiently, by going wider instead of deeper. Specially, we scale along model width by replacing feed-forward network (FFN) with mixture-of-experts (MoE). We then share the MoE layers across transformer blocks using individual layer normalization. Such deployment plays the role to transform various semantic representations, which makes the model more parameter-efficient and effective. To evaluate our framework, we design WideNet and evaluate it on ImageNet-1K. Our best model outperforms Vision Transformer (ViT) by $1.46\%$ with $0.72 \times$ trainable parameters. Using $0.46 \times$ and $0.13 \times$ parameters, our WideNet can still surpass ViT and ViT-MoE by $0.83\%$ and $2.08\%$, respectively.      
### 89.Deep Learning-based Frozen Section to FFPE Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11786.pdf)
>  Frozen sectioning (FS) is the preparation method of choice for microscopic evaluation of tissues during surgical operations. The high speed of procedure allows pathologists to rapidly assess the key microscopic features, such as tumor margins and malignant status to guide surgical decision-making and minimise disruptions to the course of the operation. However, FS is prone to introducing many misleading artificial structures (histological artefacts), such as nuclear ice crystals, compression, and cutting artefacts, hindering timely and accurate diagnostic judgement of the pathologist. On the other hand, the gold standard tissue preparation technique of formalin-fixation and paraffin-embedding (FFPE) provides significantly superior image quality, but is a very time-consuming process (12-48 hours), making it unsuitable for intra-operative use. In this paper, we propose an artificial intelligence (AI) method that improves FS image quality by computationally transforming frozen-sectioned whole-slide images (FS-WSIs) into whole-slide FFPE-style images in minutes. AI-FFPE rectifies FS artefacts with the guidance of an attention-mechanism that puts a particular emphasis on artefacts while utilising a self-regularization mechanism established between FS input image and synthesized FFPE-style image that preserves clinically relevant features. As a result, AI-FFPE method successfully generates FFPE-style images without significantly extending tissue processing time and consequently improves diagnostic accuracy.      
### 90.Improving Variational Autoencoder based Out-of-Distribution Detection for Embedded Real-time Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11750.pdf)
>  Uncertainties in machine learning are a significant roadblock for its application in safety-critical cyber-physical systems (CPS). One source of uncertainty arises from distribution shifts in the input data between training and test scenarios. Detecting such distribution shifts in real-time is an emerging approach to address the challenge. The high dimensional input space in CPS applications involving imaging adds extra difficulty to the task. Generative learning models are widely adopted for the task, namely out-of-distribution (OoD) detection. To improve the state-of-the-art, we studied existing proposals from both machine learning and CPS fields. In the latter, safety monitoring in real-time for autonomous driving agents has been a focus. Exploiting the spatiotemporal correlation of motion in videos, we can robustly detect hazardous motion around autonomous driving agents. Inspired by the latest advances in the Variational Autoencoder (VAE) theory and practice, we tapped into the prior knowledge in data to further boost OoD detection's robustness. Comparison studies over nuScenes and Synthia data sets show our methods significantly improve detection capabilities of OoD factors unique to driving scenarios, 42% better than state-of-the-art approaches. Our model also generalized near-perfectly, 97% better than the state-of-the-art across the real-world and simulation driving data sets experimented. Finally, we customized one proposed method into a twin-encoder model that can be deployed to resource limited embedded devices for real-time OoD detection. Its execution time was reduced over four times in low-precision 8-bit integer inference, while detection capability is comparable to its corresponding floating-point model.      
### 91.Adversarial training may be a double-edged sword  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11671.pdf)
>  Adversarial training has been shown as an effective approach to improve the robustness of image classifiers against white-box attacks. However, its effectiveness against black-box attacks is more nuanced. In this work, we demonstrate that some geometric consequences of adversarial training on the decision boundary of deep networks give an edge to certain types of black-box attacks. In particular, we define a metric called robustness gain to show that while adversarial training is an effective method to dramatically improve the robustness in white-box scenarios, it may not provide such a good robustness gain against the more realistic decision-based black-box attacks. Moreover, we show that even the minimal perturbation white-box attacks can converge faster against adversarially-trained neural networks compared to the regular ones.      
### 92.Dual-Attention Enhanced BDense-UNet for Liver Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11645.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a new segmentation network by integrating DenseUNet and bidirectional LSTM together with attention mechanism, termed as DA-BDense-UNet. DenseUNet allows learning enough diverse features and enhancing the representative power of networks by regulating the information flow. Bidirectional LSTM is responsible to explore the relationships between the encoded features and the up-sampled features in the encoding and decoding paths. Meanwhile, we introduce attention gates (AG) into DenseUNet to diminish responses of unrelated background regions and magnify responses of salient regions progressively. Besides, the attention in bidirectional LSTM takes into account the contribution differences of the encoded features and the up-sampled features in segmentation improvement, which can in turn adjust proper weights for these two kinds of features. We conduct experiments on liver CT image data sets collected from multiple hospitals by comparing them with state-of-the-art segmentation models. Experimental results indicate that our proposed method DA-BDense-UNet has achieved comparative performance in terms of dice coefficient, which demonstrates its effectiveness.      
### 93.Accelerating Atmospheric Turbulence Simulation via Learned Phase-to-Space Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11627.pdf)
>  Fast and accurate simulation of imaging through atmospheric turbulence is essential for developing turbulence mitigation algorithms. Recognizing the limitations of previous approaches, we introduce a new concept known as the phase-to-space (P2S) transform to significantly speed up the simulation. P2S is build upon three ideas: (1) reformulating the spatially varying convolution as a set of invariant convolutions with basis functions, (2) learning the basis function via the known turbulence statistics models, (3) implementing the P2S transform via a light-weight network that directly convert the phase representation to spatial representation. The new simulator offers 300x -- 1000x speed up compared to the mainstream split-step simulators while preserving the essential turbulence statistics.      
### 94.Reconstructing Images of Two Adjacent Objects through Scattering Medium Using Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11574.pdf)
>  Reconstruction of image by using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) has been vigorously studied in the last decade. Until now, there have being developed several techniques for imaging of a single object through scattering medium by using neural networks, however how to reconstruct images of more than one object simultaneously seems hard to realize. In this paper, we demonstrate an approach by using generative adversarial network (GAN) to reconstruct images of two adjacent objects through scattering media. We construct an imaging system for imaging of two adjacent objects behind the scattering media. In general, as the light field of two adjacent object images pass through the scattering slab, a speckle pattern is obtained. The designed adversarial network, which is called as YGAN, is employed to reconstruct the images simultaneously. It is shown that based on the trained YGAN, we can reconstruct images of two adjacent objects from one speckle pattern with high fidelity. In addition, we study the influence of the object image types, and the distance between the two adjacent objects on the fidelity of the reconstructed images. Moreover even if another scattering medium is inserted between the two objects, we can also reconstruct the images of two objects from a speckle with high quality. The technique presented in this work can be used for applications in areas of medical image analysis, such as medical image classification, segmentation, and studies of multi-object scattering imaging etc.      
### 95.Using a Cross-Task Grid of Linear Probes to Interpret CNN Model Predictions On Retinal Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11468.pdf)
>  We analyze a dataset of retinal images using linear probes: linear regression models trained on some "target" task, using embeddings from a deep convolutional (CNN) model trained on some "source" task as input. We use this method across all possible pairings of 93 tasks in the UK Biobank dataset of retinal images, leading to ~164k different models. We analyze the performance of these linear probes by source and target task and by layer depth. We observe that representations from the middle layers of the network are more generalizable. We find that some target tasks are easily predicted irrespective of the source task, and that some other target tasks are more accurately predicted from correlated source tasks than from embeddings trained on the same task.      
### 96.Compressing Neural Networks: Towards Determining the Optimal Layer-wise Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11442.pdf)
>  We present a novel global compression framework for deep neural networks that automatically analyzes each layer to identify the optimal per-layer compression ratio, while simultaneously achieving the desired overall compression. Our algorithm hinges on the idea of compressing each convolutional (or fully-connected) layer by slicing its channels into multiple groups and decomposing each group via low-rank decomposition. At the core of our algorithm is the derivation of layer-wise error bounds from the Eckart Young Mirsky theorem. We then leverage these bounds to frame the compression problem as an optimization problem where we wish to minimize the maximum compression error across layers and propose an efficient algorithm towards a solution. Our experiments indicate that our method outperforms existing low-rank compression approaches across a wide range of networks and data sets. We believe that our results open up new avenues for future research into the global performance-size trade-offs of modern neural networks. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lucaslie/torchprune" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 97.Robust Explainability: A Tutorial on Gradient-Based Attribution Methods for Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11400.pdf)
>  With the rise of deep neural networks, the challenge of explaining the predictions of these networks has become increasingly recognized. While many methods for explaining the decisions of deep neural networks exist, there is currently no consensus on how to evaluate them. On the other hand, robustness is a popular topic for deep learning research; however, it is hardly talked about in explainability until very recently. In this tutorial paper, we start by presenting gradient-based interpretability methods. These techniques use gradient signals to assign the burden of the decision on the input features. Later, we discuss how gradient-based methods can be evaluated for their robustness and the role that adversarial robustness plays in having meaningful explanations. We also discuss the limitations of gradient-based methods. Finally, we present the best practices and attributes that should be examined before choosing an explainability method. We conclude with the future directions for research in the area at the convergence of robustness and explainability.      
