# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 16 Jul 2021
### 1.Context-Conditional Adaptation for Recognizing Unseen Classes in Unseen Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07497.pdf)
>  Recent progress towards designing models that can generalize to unseen domains (i.e domain generalization) or unseen classes (i.e zero-shot learning) has embarked interest towards building models that can tackle both domain-shift and semantic shift simultaneously (i.e zero-shot domain generalization). For models to generalize to unseen classes in unseen domains, it is crucial to learn feature representation that preserves class-level (domain-invariant) as well as domain-specific information. Motivated from the success of generative zero-shot approaches, we propose a feature generative framework integrated with a COntext COnditional Adaptive (COCOA) Batch-Normalization to seamlessly integrate class-level semantic and domain-specific information. The generated visual features better capture the underlying data distribution enabling us to generalize to unseen classes and domains at test-time. We thoroughly evaluate and analyse our approach on established large-scale benchmark - DomainNet and demonstrate promising performance over baselines and state-of-art methods.      
### 2.Amodal segmentation just like doing a jigsaw  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07464.pdf)
>  Amodal segmentation is a new direction of instance segmentation while considering the segmentation of the visible and occluded parts of the instance. The existing state-of-the-art method uses multi-task branches to predict the amodal part and the visible part separately and subtract the visible part from the amodal part to obtain the occluded part. However, the amodal part contains visible information. Therefore, the separated prediction method will generate duplicate information. Different from this method, we propose a method of amodal segmentation based on the idea of the jigsaw. The method uses multi-task branches to predict the two naturally decoupled parts of visible and occluded, which is like getting two matching jigsaw pieces. Then put the two jigsaw pieces together to get the amodal part. This makes each branch focus on the modeling of the object. And we believe that there are certain rules in the occlusion relationship in the real world. This is a kind of occlusion context information. This jigsaw method can better model the occlusion relationship and use the occlusion context information, which is important for amodal segmentation. Experiments on two widely used amodally annotated datasets prove that our method exceeds existing state-of-the-art methods. The source code of this work will be made public soon.      
### 3.Adversarial Attacks on Multi-task Visual Perception for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07449.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have accomplished impressive success in various applications, including autonomous driving perception tasks, in recent years. On the other hand, current deep neural networks are easily fooled by adversarial attacks. This vulnerability raises significant concerns, particularly in safety-critical applications. As a result, research into attacking and defending DNNs has gained much coverage. In this work, detailed adversarial attacks are applied on a diverse multi-task visual perception deep network across distance estimation, semantic segmentation, motion detection, and object detection. The experiments consider both white and black box attacks for targeted and un-targeted cases, while attacking a task and inspecting the effect on all the others, in addition to inspecting the effect of applying a simple defense method. We conclude this paper by comparing and discussing the experimental results, proposing insights and future work. The visualizations of the attacks are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/R3JUV41aiPY" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.StyleFusion: A Generative Model for Disentangling Spatial Segments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07437.pdf)
>  We present StyleFusion, a new mapping architecture for StyleGAN, which takes as input a number of latent codes and fuses them into a single style code. Inserting the resulting style code into a pre-trained StyleGAN generator results in a single harmonized image in which each semantic region is controlled by one of the input latent codes. Effectively, StyleFusion yields a disentangled representation of the image, providing fine-grained control over each region of the generated image. Moreover, to help facilitate global control over the generated image, a special input latent code is incorporated into the fused representation. StyleFusion operates in a hierarchical manner, where each level is tasked with learning to disentangle a pair of image regions (e.g., the car body and wheels). The resulting learned disentanglement allows one to modify both local, fine-grained semantics (e.g., facial features) as well as more global features (e.g., pose and background), providing improved flexibility in the synthesis process. As a natural extension, StyleFusion enables one to perform semantically-aware cross-image mixing of regions that are not necessarily aligned. Finally, we demonstrate how StyleFusion can be paired with existing editing techniques to more faithfully constrain the edit to the user's region of interest.      
### 5.High carbon stock mapping at large scale with optical satellite imagery and spaceborne LIDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07431.pdf)
>  The increasing demand for commodities is leading to changes in land use worldwide. In the tropics, deforestation, which causes high carbon emissions and threatens biodiversity, is often linked to agricultural expansion. While the need for deforestation-free global supply chains is widely recognized, making progress in practice remains a challenge. Here, we propose an automated approach that aims to support conservation and sustainable land use planning decisions by mapping tropical landscapes at large scale and high spatial resolution following the High Carbon Stock (HCS) approach. A deep learning approach is developed that estimates canopy height for each 10 m Sentinel-2 pixel by learning from sparse GEDI LIDAR reference data, achieving an overall RMSE of 6.3 m. We show that these wall-to-wall maps of canopy top height are predictive for classifying HCS forests and degraded areas with an overall accuracy of 86 % and produce a first high carbon stock map for Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines.      
### 6.Level generation and style enhancement -- deep learning for game development overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07397.pdf)
>  We present practical approaches of using deep learning to create and enhance level maps and textures for video games -- desktop, mobile, and web. We aim to present new possibilities for game developers and level artists. The task of designing levels and filling them with details is challenging. It is both time-consuming and takes effort to make levels rich, complex, and with a feeling of being natural. Fortunately, recent progress in deep learning provides new tools to accompany level designers and visual artists. Moreover, they offer a way to generate infinite worlds for game replayability and adjust educational games to players' needs. We present seven approaches to create level maps, each using statistical methods, machine learning, or deep learning. In particular, we include: <br>- Generative Adversarial Networks for creating new images from existing examples (e.g. ProGAN). <br>- Super-resolution techniques for upscaling images while preserving crisp detail (e.g. ESRGAN). <br>- Neural style transfer for changing visual themes. <br>- Image translation - turning semantic maps into images (e.g. GauGAN). <br>- Semantic segmentation for turning images into semantic masks (e.g. U-Net). <br>- Unsupervised semantic segmentation for extracting semantic features (e.g. Tile2Vec). <br>- Texture synthesis - creating large patterns based on a smaller sample (e.g. InGAN).      
### 7.Unsupervised Anomaly Instance Segmentation for Baggage Threat Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07333.pdf)
>  Identifying potential threats concealed within the baggage is of prime concern for the security staff. Many researchers have developed frameworks that can detect baggage threats from X-ray scans. However, to the best of our knowledge, all of these frameworks require extensive training on large-scale and well-annotated datasets, which are hard to procure in the real world. This paper presents a novel unsupervised anomaly instance segmentation framework that recognizes baggage threats, in X-ray scans, as anomalies without requiring any ground truth labels. Furthermore, thanks to its stylization capacity, the framework is trained only once, and at the inference stage, it detects and extracts contraband items regardless of their scanner specifications. Our one-staged approach initially learns to reconstruct normal baggage content via an encoder-decoder network utilizing a proposed stylization loss function. The model subsequently identifies the abnormal regions by analyzing the disparities within the original and the reconstructed scans. The anomalous regions are then clustered and post-processed to fit a bounding box for their localization. In addition, an optional classifier can also be appended with the proposed framework to recognize the categories of these extracted anomalies. A thorough evaluation of the proposed system on four public baggage X-ray datasets, without any re-training, demonstrates that it achieves competitive performance as compared to the conventional fully supervised methods (i.e., the mean average precision score of 0.7941 on SIXray, 0.8591 on GDXray, 0.7483 on OPIXray, and 0.5439 on COMPASS-XP dataset) while outperforming state-of-the-art semi-supervised and unsupervised baggage threat detection frameworks by 67.37%, 32.32%, 47.19%, and 45.81% in terms of F1 score across SIXray, GDXray, OPIXray, and COMPASS-XP datasets, respectively.      
### 8.DynaDog+T: A Parametric Animal Model for Synthetic Canine Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07330.pdf)
>  Synthetic data is becoming increasingly common for training computer vision models for a variety of tasks. Notably, such data has been applied in tasks related to humans such as 3D pose estimation where data is either difficult to create or obtain in realistic settings. Comparatively, there has been less work into synthetic animal data and it's uses for training models. Consequently, we introduce a parametric canine model, DynaDog+T, for generating synthetic canine images and data which we use for a common computer vision task, binary segmentation, which would otherwise be difficult due to the lack of available data.      
### 9.Variational Topic Inference for Chest X-Ray Report Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07314.pdf)
>  Automating report generation for medical imaging promises to reduce workload and assist diagnosis in clinical practice. Recent work has shown that deep learning models can successfully caption natural images. However, learning from medical data is challenging due to the diversity and uncertainty inherent in the reports written by different radiologists with discrepant expertise and experience. To tackle these challenges, we propose variational topic inference for automatic report generation. Specifically, we introduce a set of topics as latent variables to guide sentence generation by aligning image and language modalities in a latent space. The topics are inferred in a conditional variational inference framework, with each topic governing the generation of a sentence in the report. Further, we adopt a visual attention module that enables the model to attend to different locations in the image and generate more informative descriptions. We conduct extensive experiments on two benchmarks, namely Indiana U. Chest X-rays and MIMIC-CXR. The results demonstrate that our proposed variational topic inference method can generate novel reports rather than mere copies of reports used in training, while still achieving comparable performance to state-of-the-art methods in terms of standard language generation criteria.      
### 10.Training for temporal sparsity in deep neural networks, application in video processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07305.pdf)
>  Activation sparsity improves compute efficiency and resource utilization in sparsity-aware neural network accelerators. As the predominant operation in DNNs is multiply-accumulate (MAC) of activations with weights to compute inner products, skipping operations where (at least) one of the two operands is zero can make inference more efficient in terms of latency and power. Spatial sparsification of activations is a popular topic in DNN literature and several methods have already been established to bias a DNN for it. On the other hand, temporal sparsity is an inherent feature of bio-inspired spiking neural networks (SNNs), which neuromorphic processing exploits for hardware efficiency. Introducing and exploiting spatio-temporal sparsity, is a topic much less explored in DNN literature, but in perfect resonance with the trend in DNN, to shift from static signal processing to more streaming signal processing. Towards this goal, in this paper we introduce a new DNN layer (called Delta Activation Layer), whose sole purpose is to promote temporal sparsity of activations during training. A Delta Activation Layer casts temporal sparsity into spatial activation sparsity to be exploited when performing sparse tensor multiplications in hardware. By employing delta inference and ``the usual'' spatial sparsification heuristics during training, the resulting model learns to exploit not only spatial but also temporal activation sparsity (for a given input data distribution). One may use the Delta Activation Layer either during vanilla training or during a refinement phase. We have implemented Delta Activation Layer as an extension of the standard Tensoflow-Keras library, and applied it to train deep neural networks on the Human Action Recognition (UCF101) dataset. We report an almost 3x improvement of activation sparsity, with recoverable loss of model accuracy after longer training.      
### 11.Single-image Full-body Human Relighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07259.pdf)
>  We present a single-image data-driven method to automatically relight images with full-body humans in them. Our framework is based on a realistic scene decomposition leveraging precomputed radiance transfer (PRT) and spherical harmonics (SH) lighting. In contrast to previous work, we lift the assumptions on Lambertian materials and explicitly model diffuse and specular reflectance in our data. Moreover, we introduce an additional light-dependent residual term that accounts for errors in the PRT-based image reconstruction. We propose a new deep learning architecture, tailored to the decomposition performed in PRT, that is trained using a combination of L1, logarithmic, and rendering losses. Our model outperforms the state of the art for full-body human relighting both with synthetic images and photographs.      
### 12.Deep Automatic Natural Image Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07235.pdf)
>  Automatic image matting (AIM) refers to estimating the soft foreground from an arbitrary natural image without any auxiliary input like trimap, which is useful for image editing. Prior methods try to learn semantic features to aid the matting process while being limited to images with salient opaque foregrounds such as humans and animals. In this paper, we investigate the difficulties when extending them to natural images with salient transparent/meticulous foregrounds or non-salient foregrounds. To address the problem, a novel end-to-end matting network is proposed, which can predict a generalized trimap for any image of the above types as a unified semantic representation. Simultaneously, the learned semantic features guide the matting network to focus on the transition areas via an attention mechanism. We also construct a test set AIM-500 that contains 500 diverse natural images covering all types along with manually labeled alpha mattes, making it feasible to benchmark the generalization ability of AIM models. Results of the experiments demonstrate that our network trained on available composite matting datasets outperforms existing methods both objectively and subjectively. The source code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JizhiziLi/AIM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.COAST: COntrollable Arbitrary-Sampling NeTwork for Compressive Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07225.pdf)
>  Recent deep network-based compressive sensing (CS) methods have achieved great success. However, most of them regard different sampling matrices as different independent tasks and need to train a specific model for each target sampling matrix. Such practices give rise to inefficiency in computing and suffer from poor generalization ability. In this paper, we propose a novel COntrollable Arbitrary-Sampling neTwork, dubbed COAST, to solve CS problems of arbitrary-sampling matrices (including unseen sampling matrices) with one single model. Under the optimization-inspired deep unfolding framework, our COAST exhibits good interpretability. In COAST, a random projection augmentation (RPA) strategy is proposed to promote the training diversity in the sampling space to enable arbitrary sampling, and a controllable proximal mapping module (CPMM) and a plug-and-play deblocking (PnP-D) strategy are further developed to dynamically modulate the network features and effectively eliminate the blocking artifacts, respectively. Extensive experiments on widely used benchmark datasets demonstrate that our proposed COAST is not only able to handle arbitrary sampling matrices with one single model but also to achieve state-of-the-art performance with fast speed. The source code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jianzhangcs/COAST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.StyleVideoGAN: A Temporal Generative Model using a Pretrained StyleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07224.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial models (GANs) continue to produce advances in terms of the visual quality of still images, as well as the learning of temporal correlations. However, few works manage to combine these two interesting capabilities for the synthesis of video content: Most methods require an extensive training dataset in order to learn temporal correlations, while being rather limited in the resolution and visual quality of their output frames. In this paper, we present a novel approach to the video synthesis problem that helps to greatly improve visual quality and drastically reduce the amount of training data and resources necessary for generating video content. Our formulation separates the spatial domain, in which individual frames are synthesized, from the temporal domain, in which motion is generated. For the spatial domain we make use of a pre-trained StyleGAN network, the latent space of which allows control over the appearance of the objects it was trained for. The expressive power of this model allows us to embed our training videos in the StyleGAN latent space. Our temporal architecture is then trained not on sequences of RGB frames, but on sequences of StyleGAN latent codes. The advantageous properties of the StyleGAN space simplify the discovery of temporal correlations. We demonstrate that it suffices to train our temporal architecture on only 10 minutes of footage of 1 subject for about 6 hours. After training, our model can not only generate new portrait videos for the training subject, but also for any random subject which can be embedded in the StyleGAN space.      
### 15.Neighbor-view Enhanced Model for Vision and Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07201.pdf)
>  Vision and Language Navigation (VLN) requires an agent to navigate to a target location by following natural language instructions. Most of existing works represent a navigation candidate by the feature of the corresponding single view where the candidate lies in. However, an instruction may mention landmarks out of the single view as references, which might lead to failures of textual-visual matching of existing methods. In this work, we propose a multi-module Neighbor-View Enhanced Model (NvEM) to adaptively incorporate visual contexts from neighbor views for better textual-visual matching. Specifically, our NvEM utilizes a subject module and a reference module to collect contexts from neighbor views. The subject module fuses neighbor views at a global level, and the reference module fuses neighbor objects at a local level. Subjects and references are adaptively determined via attention mechanisms. Our model also includes an action module to utilize the strong orientation guidance (e.g., ``turn left'') in instructions. Each module predicts navigation action separately and their weighted sum is used for predicting the final action. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method on the R2R and R4R benchmarks against several state-of-the-art navigators, and NvEM even beats some pre-training ones. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MarSaKi/NvEM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Incorporating Lambertian Priors into Surface Normals Measurement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07192.pdf)
>  The goal of photometric stereo is to measure the precise surface normal of a 3D object from observations with various shading cues. However, non-Lambertian surfaces influence the measurement accuracy due to irregular shading cues. Despite deep neural networks have been employed to simulate the performance of non-Lambertian surfaces, the error in specularities, shadows, and crinkle regions is hard to be reduced. In order to address this challenge, we here propose a photometric stereo network that incorporates Lambertian priors to better measure the surface normal. In this paper, we use the initial normal under the Lambertian assumption as the prior information to refine the normal measurement, instead of solely applying the observed shading cues to deriving the surface normal. Our method utilizes the Lambertian information to reparameterize the network weights and the powerful fitting ability of deep neural networks to correct these errors caused by general reflectance properties. Our explorations include: the Lambertian priors (1) reduce the learning hypothesis space, making our method learn the mapping in the same surface normal space and improving the accuracy of learning, and (2) provides the differential features learning, improving the surfaces reconstruction of details. Extensive experiments verify the effectiveness of the proposed Lambertian prior photometric stereo network in accurate surface normal measurement, on the challenging benchmark dataset.      
### 17.Deep Learning based Food Instance Segmentation using Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07191.pdf)
>  In the process of intelligently segmenting foods in images using deep neural networks for diet management, data collection and labeling for network training are very important but labor-intensive tasks. In order to solve the difficulties of data collection and annotations, this paper proposes a food segmentation method applicable to real-world through synthetic data. To perform food segmentation on healthcare robot systems, such as meal assistance robot arm, we generate synthetic data using the open-source 3D graphics software Blender placing multiple objects on meal plate and train Mask R-CNN for instance segmentation. Also, we build a data collection system and verify our segmentation model on real-world food data. As a result, on our real-world dataset, the model trained only synthetic data is available to segment food instances that are not trained with 52.2% mask AP@all, and improve performance by +6.4%p after fine-tuning comparing to the model trained from scratch. In addition, we also confirm the possibility and performance improvement on the public dataset for fair analysis. Our code and pre-trained weights are avaliable online at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gist-ailab/Food-Instance-Segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 18.An Efficient and Small Convolutional Neural Network for Pest Recognition -- ExquisiteNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07167.pdf)
>  Nowadays, due to the rapid population expansion, food shortage has become a critical issue. In order to stabilizing the food source production, preventing crops from being attacked by pests is very important. In generally, farmers use pesticides to kill pests, however, improperly using pesticides will also kill some insects which is beneficial to crops, such as bees. If the number of bees is too few, the supplement of food in the world will be in short. Besides, excessive pesticides will seriously pollute the environment. Accordingly, farmers need a machine which can automatically recognize the pests. Recently, deep learning is popular because its effectiveness in the field of image classification. In this paper, we propose a small and efficient model called ExquisiteNet to complete the task of recognizing the pests and we expect to apply our model on mobile devices. ExquisiteNet mainly consists of two blocks. One is double fusion with squeeze-and-excitation-bottleneck block (DFSEB block), and the other is max feature expansion block (ME block). ExquisiteNet only has 0.98M parameters and its computing speed is very fast almost the same as SqueezeNet. In order to evaluate our model's performance, we test our model on a benchmark pest dataset called IP102. Compared to many state-of-the-art models, such as ResNet101, ShuffleNetV2, MobileNetV3-large and EfficientNet etc., our model achieves higher accuracy, that is, 52.32% on the test set of IP102 without any data augmentation.      
### 19.What and When to Look?: Temporal Span Proposal Network for Video Visual Relation Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07154.pdf)
>  Identifying relations between objects is central to understanding the scene. While several works have been proposed for relation modeling in the image domain, there have been many constraints in the video domain due to challenging dynamics of spatio-temporal interactions (e.g., Between which objects are there an interaction? When do relations occur and end?). To date, two representative methods have been proposed to tackle Video Visual Relation Detection (VidVRD): segment-based and window-based. We first point out the limitations these two methods have and propose Temporal Span Proposal Network (TSPN), a novel method with two advantages in terms of efficiency and effectiveness. 1) TSPN tells what to look: it sparsifies relation search space by scoring relationness (i.e., confidence score for the existence of a relation between pair of objects) of object pair. 2) TSPN tells when to look: it leverages the full video context to simultaneously predict the temporal span and categories of the entire relations. TSPN demonstrates its effectiveness by achieving new state-of-the-art by a significant margin on two VidVRD benchmarks (ImageNet-VidVDR and VidOR) while also showing lower time complexity than existing methods - in particular, twice as efficient as a popular segment-based approach.      
### 20.Semantic Image Cropping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07153.pdf)
>  Automatic image cropping techniques are commonly used to enhance the aesthetic quality of an image; they do it by detecting the most beautiful or the most salient parts of the image and removing the unwanted content to have a smaller image that is more visually pleasing. In this thesis, I introduce an additional dimension to the problem of cropping, semantics. I argue that image cropping can also enhance the image's relevancy for a given entity by using the semantic information contained in the image. I call this problem, Semantic Image Cropping. To support my argument, I provide a new dataset containing 100 images with at least two different entities per image and four ground truth croppings collected using Amazon Mechanical Turk. I use this dataset to show that state-of-the-art cropping algorithms that only take into account aesthetics do not perform well in the problem of semantic image cropping. Additionally, I provide a new deep learning system that takes not just aesthetics but also semantics into account to generate image croppings, and I evaluate its performance using my new semantic cropping dataset, showing that using the semantic information of an image can help to produce better croppings.      
### 21.What Image Features Boost Housing Market Predictions?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07148.pdf)
>  The attractiveness of a property is one of the most interesting, yet challenging, categories to model. Image characteristics are used to describe certain attributes, and to examine the influence of visual factors on the price or timeframe of the listing. In this paper, we propose a set of techniques for the extraction of visual features for efficient numerical inclusion in modern-day predictive algorithms. We discuss techniques such as Shannon's entropy, calculating the center of gravity, employing image segmentation, and using Convolutional Neural Networks. After comparing these techniques as applied to a set of property-related images (indoor, outdoor, and satellite), we conclude the following: (i) the entropy is the most efficient single-digit visual measure for housing price prediction; (ii) image segmentation is the most important visual feature for the prediction of housing lifespan; and (iii) deep image features can be used to quantify interior characteristics and contribute to captivation modeling. The set of 40 image features selected here carries a significant amount of predictive power and outperforms some of the strongest metadata predictors. Without any need to replace a human expert in a real-estate appraisal process, we conclude that the techniques presented in this paper can efficiently describe visible characteristics, thus introducing perceived attractiveness as a quantitative measure into the predictive modeling of housing.      
### 22.Recurrent Parameter Generators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07110.pdf)
>  We present a generic method for recurrently using the same parameters for many different convolution layers to build a deep network. Specifically, for a network, we create a recurrent parameter generator (RPG), from which the parameters of each convolution layer are generated. Though using recurrent models to build a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) is not entirely new, our method achieves significant performance gain compared to the existing works. We demonstrate how to build a one-layer neural network to achieve similar performance compared to other traditional CNN models on various applications and datasets. Such a method allows us to build an arbitrarily complex neural network with any amount of parameters. For example, we build a ResNet34 with model parameters reduced by more than $400$ times, which still achieves $41.6\%$ ImageNet top-1 accuracy. Furthermore, we demonstrate the RPG can be applied at different scales, such as layers, blocks, or even sub-networks. Specifically, we use the RPG to build a ResNet18 network with the number of weights equivalent to one convolutional layer of a conventional ResNet and show this model can achieve $67.2\%$ ImageNet top-1 accuracy. The proposed method can be viewed as an inverse approach to model compression. Rather than removing the unused parameters from a large model, it aims to squeeze more information into a small number of parameters. Extensive experiment results are provided to demonstrate the power of the proposed recurrent parameter generator.      
### 23.STAR: Sparse Transformer-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07089.pdf)
>  The cognitive system for human action and behavior has evolved into a deep learning regime, and especially the advent of Graph Convolution Networks has transformed the field in recent years. However, previous works have mainly focused on over-parameterized and complex models based on dense graph convolution networks, resulting in low efficiency in training and inference. Meanwhile, the Transformer architecture-based model has not yet been well explored for cognitive application in human action and behavior estimation. This work proposes a novel skeleton-based human action recognition model with sparse attention on the spatial dimension and segmented linear attention on the temporal dimension of data. Our model can also process the variable length of video clips grouped as a single batch. Experiments show that our model can achieve comparable performance while utilizing much less trainable parameters and achieve high speed in training and inference. Experiments show that our model achieves 4~18x speedup and 1/7~1/15 model size compared with the baseline models at competitive accuracy.      
### 24.MeNToS: Tracklets Association with a Space-Time Memory Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07067.pdf)
>  We propose a method for multi-object tracking and segmentation (MOTS) that does not require fine-tuning or per benchmark hyperparameter selection. The proposed method addresses particularly the data association problem. Indeed, the recently introduced HOTA metric, that has a better alignment with the human visual assessment by evenly balancing detections and associations quality, has shown that improvements are still needed for data association. After creating tracklets using instance segmentation and optical flow, the proposed method relies on a space-time memory network (STM) developed for one-shot video object segmentation to improve the association of tracklets with temporal gaps. To the best of our knowledge, our method, named MeNToS, is the first to use the STM network to track object masks for MOTS. We took the 4th place in the RobMOTS challenge. The project page is <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mehdimiah.com/mentos.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.A Generalized Framework for Edge-preserving and Structure-preserving Image Smoothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07058.pdf)
>  Image smoothing is a fundamental procedure in applications of both computer vision and graphics. The required smoothing properties can be different or even contradictive among different tasks. Nevertheless, the inherent smoothing nature of one smoothing operator is usually fixed and thus cannot meet the various requirements of different applications. In this paper, we first introduce the truncated Huber penalty function which shows strong flexibility under different parameter settings. A generalized framework is then proposed with the introduced truncated Huber penalty function. When combined with its strong flexibility, our framework is able to achieve diverse smoothing natures where contradictive smoothing behaviors can even be achieved. It can also yield the smoothing behavior that can seldom be achieved by previous methods, and superior performance is thus achieved in challenging cases. These together enable our framework capable of a range of applications and able to outperform the state-of-the-art approaches in several tasks, such as image detail enhancement, clip-art compression artifacts removal, guided depth map restoration, image texture removal, etc. In addition, an efficient numerical solution is provided and its convergence is theoretically guaranteed even the optimization framework is non-convex and non-smooth. A simple yet effective approach is further proposed to reduce the computational cost of our method while maintaining its performance. The effectiveness and superior performance of our approach are validated through comprehensive experiments in a range of applications. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wliusjtu/Generalized-Smoothing-Framework" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Diff-Net: Image Feature Difference based High-Definition Map Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07030.pdf)
>  Up-to-date High-Definition (HD) maps are essential for self-driving cars. To achieve constantly updated HD maps, we present a deep neural network (DNN), Diff-Net, to detect changes in them. Compared to traditional methods based on object detectors, the essential design in our work is a parallel feature difference calculation structure that infers map changes by comparing features extracted from the camera and rasterized images. To generate these rasterized images, we project map elements onto images in the camera view, yielding meaningful map representations that can be consumed by a DNN accordingly. As we formulate the change detection task as an object detection problem, we leverage the anchor-based structure that predicts bounding boxes with different change status categories. Furthermore, rather than relying on single frame input, we introduce a spatio-temporal fusion module that fuses features from history frames into the current, thus improving the overall performance. Finally, we comprehensively validate our method's effectiveness using freshly collected datasets. Results demonstrate that our Diff-Net achieves better performance than the baseline methods and is ready to be integrated into a map production pipeline maintaining an up-to-date HD map.      
### 27.Passive attention in artificial neural networks predicts human visual selectivity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07013.pdf)
>  Developments in machine learning interpretability techniques over the past decade have provided new tools to observe the image regions that are most informative for classification and localization in artificial neural networks (ANNs). Are the same regions similarly informative to human observers? Using data from 78 new experiments and 6,610 participants, we show that passive attention techniques reveal a significant overlap with human visual selectivity estimates derived from 6 distinct behavioral tasks including visual discrimination, spatial localization, recognizability, free-viewing, cued-object search, and saliency search fixations. We find that input visualizations derived from relatively simple ANN architectures probed using guided backpropagation methods are the best predictors of a shared component in the joint variability of the human measures. We validate these correlational results with causal manipulations using recognition experiments. We show that images masked with ANN attention maps were easier for humans to classify than control masks in a speeded recognition experiment. Similarly, we find that recognition performance in the same ANN models was likewise influenced by masking input images using human visual selectivity maps. This work contributes a new approach to evaluating the biological and psychological validity of leading ANNs as models of human vision: by examining their similarities and differences in terms of their visual selectivity to the information contained in images.      
### 28.Lidar Light Scattering Augmentation (LISA): Physics-based Simulation of Adverse Weather Conditions for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07004.pdf)
>  Lidar-based object detectors are critical parts of the 3D perception pipeline in autonomous navigation systems such as self-driving cars. However, they are known to be sensitive to adverse weather conditions such as rain, snow and fog due to reduced signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and signal-to-background ratio (SBR). As a result, lidar-based object detectors trained on data captured in normal weather tend to perform poorly in such scenarios. However, collecting and labelling sufficient training data in a diverse range of adverse weather conditions is laborious and prohibitively expensive. To address this issue, we propose a physics-based approach to simulate lidar point clouds of scenes in adverse weather conditions. These augmented datasets can then be used to train lidar-based detectors to improve their all-weather reliability. Specifically, we introduce a hybrid Monte-Carlo based approach that treats (i) the effects of large particles by placing them randomly and comparing their back reflected power against the target, and (ii) attenuation effects on average through calculation of scattering efficiencies from the Mie theory and particle size distributions. Retraining networks with this augmented data improves mean average precision evaluated on real world rainy scenes and we observe greater improvement in performance with our model relative to existing models from the literature. Furthermore, we evaluate recent state-of-the-art detectors on the simulated weather conditions and present an in-depth analysis of their performance.      
### 29.Surgical Instruction Generation with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06964.pdf)
>  Automatic surgical instruction generation is a prerequisite towards intra-operative context-aware surgical assistance. However, generating instructions from surgical scenes is challenging, as it requires jointly understanding the surgical activity of current view and modelling relationships between visual information and textual description. Inspired by the neural machine translation and imaging captioning tasks in open domain, we introduce a transformer-backboned encoder-decoder network with self-critical reinforcement learning to generate instructions from surgical images. We evaluate the effectiveness of our method on DAISI dataset, which includes 290 procedures from various medical disciplines. Our approach outperforms the existing baseline over all caption evaluation metrics. The results demonstrate the benefits of the encoder-decoder structure backboned by transformer in handling multimodal context.      
### 30.FetalNet: Multi-task deep learning framework for fetal ultrasound biometric measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06943.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an end-to-end multi-task neural network called FetalNet with an attention mechanism and stacked module for spatio-temporal fetal ultrasound scan video analysis. Fetal biometric measurement is a standard examination during pregnancy used for the fetus growth monitoring and estimation of gestational age and fetal weight. The main goal in fetal ultrasound scan video analysis is to find proper standard planes to measure the fetal head, abdomen and femur. Due to natural high speckle noise and shadows in ultrasound data, medical expertise and sonographic experience are required to find the appropriate acquisition plane and perform accurate measurements of the fetus. In addition, existing computer-aided methods for fetal US biometric measurement address only one single image frame without considering temporal features. To address these shortcomings, we propose an end-to-end multi-task neural network for spatio-temporal ultrasound scan video analysis to simultaneously localize, classify and measure the fetal body parts. We propose a new encoder-decoder segmentation architecture that incorporates a classification branch. Additionally, we employ an attention mechanism with a stacked module to learn salient maps to suppress irrelevant US regions and efficient scan plane localization. We trained on the fetal ultrasound video comes from routine examinations of 700 different patients. Our method called FetalNet outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods in both classification and segmentation in fetal ultrasound video recordings.      
### 31.Mutually improved endoscopic image synthesis and landmark detection in unpaired image-to-image translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06941.pdf)
>  The CycleGAN framework allows for unsupervised image-to-image translation of unpaired data. In a scenario of surgical training on a physical surgical simulator, this method can be used to transform endoscopic images of phantoms into images which more closely resemble the intra-operative appearance of the same surgical target structure. This can be viewed as a novel augmented reality approach, which we coined Hyperrealism in previous work. In this use case, it is of paramount importance to display objects like needles, sutures or instruments consistent in both domains while altering the style to a more tissue-like appearance. Segmentation of these objects would allow for a direct transfer, however, contouring of these, partly tiny and thin foreground objects is cumbersome and perhaps inaccurate. Instead, we propose to use landmark detection on the points when sutures pass into the tissue. This objective is directly incorporated into a CycleGAN framework by treating the performance of pre-trained detector models as an additional optimization goal. We show that a task defined on these sparse landmark labels improves consistency of synthesis by the generator network in both domains. Comparing a baseline CycleGAN architecture to our proposed extension (DetCycleGAN), mean precision (PPV) improved by +61.32, mean sensitivity (TPR) by +37.91, and mean F1 score by +0.4743. Furthermore, it could be shown that by dataset fusion, generated intra-operative images can be leveraged as additional training data for the detection network itself. The data is released within the scope of the AdaptOR MICCAI Challenge 2021 at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://adaptor2021.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, and code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Cardio-AI/detcyclegan_pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Object Retrieval and Localization in Large Art Collections using Deep Multi-Style Feature Fusion and Iterative Voting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06935.pdf)
>  The search for specific objects or motifs is essential to art history as both assist in decoding the meaning of artworks. Digitization has produced large art collections, but manual methods prove to be insufficient to analyze them. In the following, we introduce an algorithm that allows users to search for image regions containing specific motifs or objects and find similar regions in an extensive dataset, helping art historians to analyze large digitized art collections. Computer vision has presented efficient methods for visual instance retrieval across photographs. However, applied to art collections, they reveal severe deficiencies because of diverse motifs and massive domain shifts induced by differences in techniques, materials, and styles. In this paper, we present a multi-style feature fusion approach that successfully reduces the domain gap and improves retrieval results without labelled data or curated image collections. Our region-based voting with GPU-accelerated approximate nearest-neighbour search allows us to find and localize even small motifs within an extensive dataset in a few seconds. We obtain state-of-the-art results on the Brueghel dataset and demonstrate its generalization to inhomogeneous collections with a large number of distractors.      
### 33.Potential UAV Landing Sites Detection through Digital Elevation Models Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06921.pdf)
>  In this paper, a simple technique for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) potential landing site detection using terrain information through identification of flat areas, is presented. The algorithm utilizes digital elevation models (DEM) that represent the height distribution of an area. Flat areas which constitute appropriate landing zones for UAVs in normal or emergency situations result by thresholding the image gradient magnitude of the digital surface model (DSM). The proposed technique also uses connected components evaluation on the thresholded gradient image in order to discover connected regions of sufficient size for landing. Moreover, man-made structures and vegetation areas are detected and excluded from the potential landing sites. Quantitative performance evaluation of the proposed landing site detection algorithm in a number of areas on real world and synthetic datasets, accompanied by a comparison with a state-of-the-art algorithm, proves its efficiency and superiority.      
### 34.Training Compact CNNs for Image Classification using Dynamic-coded Filter Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06916.pdf)
>  The mainstream approach for filter pruning is usually either to force a hard-coded importance estimation upon a computation-heavy pretrained model to select "important" filters, or to impose a hyperparameter-sensitive sparse constraint on the loss objective to regularize the network training. In this paper, we present a novel filter pruning method, dubbed dynamic-coded filter fusion (DCFF), to derive compact CNNs in a computation-economical and regularization-free manner for efficient image classification. Each filter in our DCFF is firstly given an inter-similarity distribution with a temperature parameter as a filter proxy, on top of which, a fresh Kullback-Leibler divergence based dynamic-coded criterion is proposed to evaluate the filter importance. In contrast to simply keeping high-score filters in other methods, we propose the concept of filter fusion, i.e., the weighted averages using the assigned proxies, as our preserved filters. We obtain a one-hot inter-similarity distribution as the temperature parameter approaches infinity. Thus, the relative importance of each filter can vary along with the training of the compact CNN, leading to dynamically changeable fused filters without both the dependency on the pretrained model and the introduction of sparse constraints. Extensive experiments on classification benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our DCFF over the compared counterparts. For example, our DCFF derives a compact VGGNet-16 with only 72.77M FLOPs and 1.06M parameters while reaching top-1 accuracy of 93.47% on CIFAR-10. A compact ResNet-50 is obtained with 63.8% FLOPs and 58.6% parameter reductions, retaining 75.60% top-1 accuracy on ILSVRC-2012. Our code, narrower models and training logs are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lmbxmu/DCFF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.From Show to Tell: A Survey on Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06912.pdf)
>  Connecting Vision and Language plays an essential role in Generative Intelligence. For this reason, in the last few years, a large research effort has been devoted to image captioning, i.e. the task of describing images with syntactically and semantically meaningful sentences. Starting from 2015 the task has generally been addressed with pipelines composed of a visual encoding step and a language model for text generation. During these years, both components have evolved considerably through the exploitation of object regions, attributes, and relationships and the introduction of multi-modal connections, fully-attentive approaches, and BERT-like early-fusion strategies. However, regardless of the impressive results obtained, research in image captioning has not reached a conclusive answer yet. This work aims at providing a comprehensive overview and categorization of image captioning approaches, from visual encoding and text generation to training strategies, used datasets, and evaluation metrics. In this respect, we quantitatively compare many relevant state-of-the-art approaches to identify the most impactful technical innovations in image captioning architectures and training strategies. Moreover, many variants of the problem and its open challenges are analyzed and discussed. The final goal of this work is to serve as a tool for understanding the existing state-of-the-art and highlighting the future directions for an area of research where Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing can find an optimal synergy.      
### 36.MultiBench: Multiscale Benchmarks for Multimodal Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07502.pdf)
>  Learning multimodal representations involves integrating information from multiple heterogeneous sources of data. It is a challenging yet crucial area with numerous real-world applications in multimedia, affective computing, robotics, finance, human-computer interaction, and healthcare. Unfortunately, multimodal research has seen limited resources to study (1) generalization across domains and modalities, (2) complexity during training and inference, and (3) robustness to noisy and missing modalities. In order to accelerate progress towards understudied modalities and tasks while ensuring real-world robustness, we release MultiBench, a systematic and unified large-scale benchmark spanning 15 datasets, 10 modalities, 20 prediction tasks, and 6 research areas. MultiBench provides an automated end-to-end machine learning pipeline that simplifies and standardizes data loading, experimental setup, and model evaluation. To enable holistic evaluation, MultiBench offers a comprehensive methodology to assess (1) generalization, (2) time and space complexity, and (3) modality robustness. MultiBench introduces impactful challenges for future research, including scalability to large-scale multimodal datasets and robustness to realistic imperfections. To accompany this benchmark, we also provide a standardized implementation of 20 core approaches in multimodal learning. Simply applying methods proposed in different research areas can improve the state-of-the-art performance on 9/15 datasets. Therefore, MultiBench presents a milestone in unifying disjoint efforts in multimodal research and paves the way towards a better understanding of the capabilities and limitations of multimodal models, all the while ensuring ease of use, accessibility, and reproducibility. MultiBench, our standardized code, and leaderboards are publicly available, will be regularly updated, and welcomes inputs from the community.      
### 37.Recommending best course of treatment based on similarities of prognostic markers\thanks{All authors contributed equally  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07500.pdf)
>  With the advancement in the technology sector spanning over every field, a huge influx of information is inevitable. Among all the opportunities that the advancements in the technology have brought, one of them is to propose efficient solutions for data retrieval. This means that from an enormous pile of data, the retrieval methods should allow the users to fetch the relevant and recent data over time. In the field of entertainment and e-commerce, recommender systems have been functioning to provide the aforementioned. Employing the same systems in the medical domain could definitely prove to be useful in variety of ways. Following this context, the goal of this paper is to propose collaborative filtering based recommender system in the healthcare sector to recommend remedies based on the symptoms experienced by the patients. Furthermore, a new dataset is developed consisting of remedies concerning various diseases to address the limited availability of the data. The proposed recommender system accepts the prognostic markers of a patient as the input and generates the best remedy course. With several experimental trials, the proposed model achieved promising results in recommending the possible remedy for given prognostic markers.      
### 38.A modular U-Net for automated segmentation of X-ray tomography images in composite materials  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07468.pdf)
>  X-ray Computed Tomography (XCT) techniques have evolved to a point that high-resolution data can be acquired so fast that classic segmentation methods are prohibitively cumbersome, demanding automated data pipelines capable of dealing with non-trivial 3D images. Deep learning has demonstrated success in many image processing tasks, including material science applications, showing a promising alternative for a humanfree segmentation pipeline. In this paper a modular interpretation of UNet (Modular U-Net) is proposed and trained to segment 3D tomography images of a three-phased glass fiber-reinforced Polyamide 66. We compare 2D and 3D versions of our model, finding that the former is slightly better than the latter. We observe that human-comparable results can be achievied even with only 10 annotated layers and using a shallow U-Net yields better results than a deeper one. As a consequence, Neural Network (NN) show indeed a promising venue to automate XCT data processing pipelines needing no human, adhoc intervention.      
### 39.Convolutional Neural Bandit: Provable Algorithm for Visual-aware Advertising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07438.pdf)
>  Online advertising is ubiquitous in web business. Image displaying is considered as one of the most commonly used formats to interact with customers. Contextual multi-armed bandit has shown success in the application of advertising to solve the exploration-exploitation dilemma existed in the recommendation procedure. Inspired by the visual-aware advertising, in this paper, we propose a contextual bandit algorithm, where the convolutional neural network (CNN) is utilized to learn the reward function along with an upper confidence bound (UCB) for exploration. We also prove a near-optimal regret bound $\tilde{\mathcal{O}}(\sqrt{T})$ when the network is over-parameterized and establish strong connections with convolutional neural tangent kernel (CNTK). Finally, we evaluate the empirical performance of the proposed algorithm and show that it outperforms other state-of-the-art UCB-based bandit algorithms on real-world image data sets.      
### 40.FastSHAP: Real-Time Shapley Value Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07436.pdf)
>  Shapley values are widely used to explain black-box models, but they are costly to calculate because they require many model evaluations. We introduce FastSHAP, a method for estimating Shapley values in a single forward pass using a learned explainer model. FastSHAP amortizes the cost of explaining many inputs via a learning approach inspired by the Shapley value's weighted least squares characterization, and it can be trained using standard stochastic gradient optimization. We compare FastSHAP to existing estimation approaches, revealing that it generates high-quality explanations with orders of magnitude speedup.      
### 41.Framework for A Personalized Intelligent Assistant to Elderly People for Activities of Daily Living  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07344.pdf)
>  The increasing population of elderly people is associated with the need to meet their increasing requirements and to provide solutions that can improve their quality of life in a smart home. In addition to fear and anxiety towards interfacing with systems; cognitive disabilities, weakened memory, disorganized behavior and even physical limitations are some of the problems that elderly people tend to face with increasing age. The essence of providing technology-based solutions to address these needs of elderly people and to create smart and assisted living spaces for the elderly; lies in developing systems that can adapt by addressing their diversity and can augment their performances in the context of their day to day goals. Therefore, this work proposes a framework for development of a Personalized Intelligent Assistant to help elderly people perform Activities of Daily Living (ADLs) in a smart and connected Internet of Things (IoT) based environment. This Personalized Intelligent Assistant can analyze different tasks performed by the user and recommend activities by considering their daily routine, current affective state and the underlining user experience. To uphold the efficacy of this proposed framework, it has been tested on a couple of datasets for modelling an average user and a specific user respectively. The results presented show that the model achieves a performance accuracy of 73.12% when modelling a specific user, which is considerably higher than its performance while modelling an average user, this upholds the relevance for development and implementation of this proposed framework.      
### 42.Multi-Channel Auto-Encoders and a Novel Dataset for Learning Domain Invariant Representations of Histopathology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07271.pdf)
>  Domain shift is a problem commonly encountered when developing automated histopathology pipelines. The performance of machine learning models such as convolutional neural networks within automated histopathology pipelines is often diminished when applying them to novel data domains due to factors arising from differing staining and scanning protocols. The Dual-Channel Auto-Encoder (DCAE) model was previously shown to produce feature representations that are less sensitive to appearance variation introduced by different digital slide scanners. In this work, the Multi-Channel Auto-Encoder (MCAE) model is presented as an extension to DCAE which learns from more than two domains of data. Additionally, a synthetic dataset is generated using CycleGANs that contains aligned tissue images that have had their appearance synthetically modified. Experimental results show that the MCAE model produces feature representations that are less sensitive to inter-domain variations than the comparative StaNoSA method when tested on the novel synthetic data. Additionally, the MCAE and StaNoSA models are tested on a novel tissue classification task. The results of this experiment show the MCAE model out performs the StaNoSA model by 5 percentage-points in the f1-score. These results show that the MCAE model is able to generalise better to novel data and tasks than existing approaches by actively learning normalised feature representations.      
### 43.VILENS: Visual, Inertial, Lidar, and Leg Odometry for All-Terrain Legged Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07243.pdf)
>  We present VILENS (Visual Inertial Lidar Legged Navigation System), an odometry system for legged robots based on factor graphs. The key novelty is the tight fusion of four different sensor modalities to achieve reliable operation when the individual sensors would otherwise produce degenerate estimation. To minimize leg odometry drift, we extend the robot's state with a linear velocity bias term which is estimated online. This bias is only observable because of the tight fusion of this preintegrated velocity factor with vision, lidar, and IMU factors. Extensive experimental validation on the ANYmal quadruped robots is presented, for a total duration of 2 h and 1.8 km traveled. The experiments involved dynamic locomotion over loose rocks, slopes, and mud; these included perceptual challenges, such as dark and dusty underground caverns or open, feature-deprived areas, as well as mobility challenges such as slipping and terrain deformation. We show an average improvement of 62% translational and 51% rotational errors compared to a state-of-the-art loosely coupled approach. To demonstrate its robustness, VILENS was also integrated with a perceptive controller and a local path planner.      
### 44.Applying the Case Difference Heuristic to Learn Adaptations from Deep Network Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07095.pdf)
>  The case difference heuristic (CDH) approach is a knowledge-light method for learning case adaptation knowledge from the case base of a case-based reasoning system. Given a pair of cases, the CDH approach attributes the difference in their solutions to the difference in the problems they solve, and generates adaptation rules to adjust solutions accordingly when a retrieved case and new query have similar problem differences. As an alternative to learning adaptation rules, several researchers have applied neural networks to learn to predict solution differences from problem differences. Previous work on such approaches has assumed that the feature set describing problems is predefined. This paper investigates a two-phase process combining deep learning for feature extraction and neural network based adaptation learning from extracted features. Its performance is demonstrated in a regression task on an image data: predicting age given the image of a face. Results show that the combined process can successfully learn adaptation knowledge applicable to nonsymbolic differences in cases. The CBR system achieves slightly lower performance overall than a baseline deep network regressor, but better performance than the baseline on novel queries.      
### 45.Learning Sparse Interaction Graphs of Partially Observed Pedestrians for Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07056.pdf)
>  Multi-pedestrian trajectory prediction is an indispensable safety element of autonomous systems that interact with crowds in unstructured environments. Many recent efforts have developed trajectory prediction algorithms with focus on understanding social norms behind pedestrian motions. Yet we observe these works usually hold two assumptions that prevent them from being smoothly applied to robot applications: positions of all pedestrians are consistently tracked; the target agent pays attention to all pedestrians in the scene. The first assumption leads to biased interaction modeling with incomplete pedestrian data, and the second assumption introduces unnecessary disturbances and leads to the freezing robot problem. Thus, we propose Gumbel Social Transformer, in which an Edge Gumbel Selector samples a sparse interaction graph of partially observed pedestrians at each time step. A Node Transformer Encoder and a Masked LSTM encode the pedestrian features with the sampled sparse graphs to predict trajectories. We demonstrate that our model overcomes the potential problems caused by the assumptions, and our approach outperforms the related works in benchmark evaluation.      
### 46.Classifying Component Function in Product Assemblies with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07042.pdf)
>  Function is defined as the ensemble of tasks that enable the product to complete the designed purpose. Functional tools, such as functional modeling, offer decision guidance in the early phase of product design, where explicit design decisions are yet to be made. Function-based design data is often sparse and grounded in individual interpretation. As such, function-based design tools can benefit from automatic function classification to increase data fidelity and provide function representation models that enable function-based intelligent design agents. Function-based design data is commonly stored in manually generated design repositories. These design repositories are a collection of expert knowledge and interpretations of function in product design bounded by function-flow and component taxonomies. In this work, we represent a structured taxonomy-based design repository as assembly-flow graphs, then leverage a graph neural network (GNN) model to perform automatic function classification. We support automated function classification by learning from repository data to establish the ground truth of component function assignment. Experimental results show that our GNN model achieves a micro-average F${_1}$-score of 0.832 for tier 1 (broad), 0.756 for tier 2, and 0.783 for tier 3 (specific) functions. Given the imbalance of data features, the results are encouraging. Our efforts in this paper can be a starting point for more sophisticated applications in knowledge-based CAD systems and Design-for-X consideration in function-based design.      
### 47.Confidence Conditioned Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06993.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel confidence conditioned knowledge distillation (CCKD) scheme for transferring the knowledge from a teacher model to a student model is proposed. Existing state-of-the-art methods employ fixed loss functions for this purpose and ignore the different levels of information that need to be transferred for different samples. In addition to that, these methods are also inefficient in terms of data usage. CCKD addresses these issues by leveraging the confidence assigned by the teacher model to the correct class to devise sample-specific loss functions (CCKD-L formulation) and targets (CCKD-T formulation). Further, CCKD improves the data efficiency by employing self-regulation to stop those samples from participating in the distillation process on which the student model learns faster. Empirical evaluations on several benchmark datasets show that CCKD methods achieve at least as much generalization performance levels as other state-of-the-art methods while being data efficient in the process. Student models trained through CCKD methods do not retain most of the misclassifications commited by the teacher model on the training set. Distillation through CCKD methods improves the resilience of the student models against adversarial attacks compared to the conventional KD method. Experiments show at least 3% increase in performance against adversarial attacks for the MNIST and the Fashion MNIST datasets, and at least 6% increase for the CIFAR10 dataset.      
### 48.Finding Significant Features for Few-Shot Learning using Dimensionality Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06992.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning is a relatively new technique that specializes in problems where we have little amounts of data. The goal of these methods is to classify categories that have not been seen before with just a handful of samples. Recent approaches, such as metric learning, adopt the meta-learning strategy in which we have episodic tasks conformed by support (training) data and query (test) data. Metric learning methods have demonstrated that simple models can achieve good performance by learning a similarity function to compare the support and the query data. However, the feature space learned by a given metric learning approach may not exploit the information given by a specific few-shot task. In this work, we explore the use of dimension reduction techniques as a way to find task-significant features helping to make better predictions. We measure the performance of the reduced features by assigning a score based on the intra-class and inter-class distance, and selecting a feature reduction method in which instances of different classes are far away and instances of the same class are close. This module helps to improve the accuracy performance by allowing the similarity function, given by the metric learning method, to have more discriminative features for the classification. Our method outperforms the metric learning baselines in the miniImageNet dataset by around 2% in accuracy performance.      
