# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 13 Jul 2021
### 1.End-to-end Multi-modal Video Temporal Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05624.pdf)
>  We address the problem of text-guided video temporal grounding, which aims to identify the time interval of certain event based on a natural language description. Different from most existing methods that only consider RGB images as visual features, we propose a multi-modal framework to extract complementary information from videos. Specifically, we adopt RGB images for appearance, optical flow for motion, and depth maps for image structure. While RGB images provide abundant visual cues of certain event, the performance may be affected by background clutters. Therefore, we use optical flow to focus on large motion and depth maps to infer the scene configuration when the action is related to objects recognizable with their shapes. To integrate the three modalities more effectively and enable inter-modal learning, we design a dynamic fusion scheme with transformers to model the interactions between modalities. Furthermore, we apply intra-modal self-supervised learning to enhance feature representations across videos for each modality, which also facilitates multi-modal learning. We conduct extensive experiments on the Charades-STA and ActivityNet Captions datasets, and show that the proposed method performs favorably against state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 2.Structured Latent Embeddings for Recognizing Unseen Classes in Unseen Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05622.pdf)
>  The need to address the scarcity of task-specific annotated data has resulted in concerted efforts in recent years for specific settings such as zero-shot learning (ZSL) and domain generalization (DG), to separately address the issues of semantic shift and domain shift, respectively. However, real-world applications often do not have constrained settings and necessitate handling unseen classes in unseen domains -- a setting called Zero-shot Domain Generalization, which presents the issues of domain and semantic shifts simultaneously. In this work, we propose a novel approach that learns domain-agnostic structured latent embeddings by projecting images from different domains as well as class-specific semantic text-based representations to a common latent space. In particular, our method jointly strives for the following objectives: (i) aligning the multimodal cues from visual and text-based semantic concepts; (ii) partitioning the common latent space according to the domain-agnostic class-level semantic concepts; and (iii) learning a domain invariance w.r.t the visual-semantic joint distribution for generalizing to unseen classes in unseen domains. Our experiments on the challenging DomainNet and DomainNet-LS benchmarks show the superiority of our approach over existing methods, with significant gains on difficult domains like quickdraw and sketch.      
### 3.Let's Play for Action: Recognizing Activities of Daily Living by Learning from Life Simulation Video Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05617.pdf)
>  Recognizing Activities of Daily Living (ADL) is a vital process for intelligent assistive robots, but collecting large annotated datasets requires time-consuming temporal labeling and raises privacy concerns, e.g., if the data is collected in a real household. In this work, we explore the concept of constructing training examples for ADL recognition by playing life simulation video games and introduce the SIMS4ACTION dataset created with the popular commercial game THE SIMS 4. We build Sims4Action by specifically executing actions-of-interest in a "top-down" manner, while the gaming circumstances allow us to freely switch between environments, camera angles and subject appearances. While ADL recognition on gaming data is interesting from the theoretical perspective, the key challenge arises from transferring it to the real-world applications, such as smart-homes or assistive robotics. To meet this requirement, Sims4Action is accompanied with a GamingToReal benchmark, where the models are evaluated on real videos derived from an existing ADL dataset. We integrate two modern algorithms for video-based activity recognition in our framework, revealing the value of life simulation video games as an inexpensive and far less intrusive source of training data. However, our results also indicate that tasks involving a mixture of gaming and real data are challenging, opening a new research direction. We will make our dataset publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aroitberg/sims4action" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Interpretable Mammographic Image Classification using Cased-Based Reasoning and Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05605.pdf)
>  When we deploy machine learning models in high-stakes medical settings, we must ensure these models make accurate predictions that are consistent with known medical science. Inherently interpretable networks address this need by explaining the rationale behind each decision while maintaining equal or higher accuracy compared to black-box models. In this work, we present a novel interpretable neural network algorithm that uses case-based reasoning for mammography. Designed to aid a radiologist in their decisions, our network presents both a prediction of malignancy and an explanation of that prediction using known medical features. In order to yield helpful explanations, the network is designed to mimic the reasoning processes of a radiologist: our network first detects the clinically relevant semantic features of each image by comparing each new image with a learned set of prototypical image parts from the training images, then uses those clinical features to predict malignancy. Compared to other methods, our model detects clinical features (mass margins) with equal or higher accuracy, provides a more detailed explanation of its prediction, and is better able to differentiate the classification-relevant parts of the image.      
### 5.Few-shot Learning with Global Relatedness Decoupled-Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05583.pdf)
>  Despite the success that metric learning based approaches have achieved in few-shot learning, recent works reveal the ineffectiveness of their episodic training mode. In this paper, we point out two potential reasons for this problem: 1) the random episodic labels can only provide limited supervision information, while the relatedness information between the query and support samples is not fully exploited; 2) the meta-learner is usually constrained by the limited contextual information of the local episode. To overcome these problems, we propose a new Global Relatedness Decoupled-Distillation (GRDD) method using the global category knowledge and the Relatedness Decoupled-Distillation (RDD) strategy. Our GRDD learns new visual concepts quickly by imitating the habit of humans, i.e. learning from the deep knowledge distilled from the teacher. More specifically, we first train a global learner on the entire base subset using category labels as supervision to leverage the global context information of the categories. Then, the well-trained global learner is used to simulate the query-support relatedness in global dependencies. Finally, the distilled global query-support relatedness is explicitly used to train the meta-learner using the RDD strategy, with the goal of making the meta-learner more discriminative. The RDD strategy aims to decouple the dense query-support relatedness into the groups of sparse decoupled relatedness. Moreover, only the relatedness of a single support sample with other query samples is considered in each group. By distilling the sparse decoupled relatedness group by group, sharper relatedness can be effectively distilled to the meta-learner, thereby facilitating the learning of a discriminative meta-learner. We conduct extensive experiments on the miniImagenet and CIFAR-FS datasets, which show the state-of-the-art performance of our GRDD method.      
### 6.Multi-modality Deep Restoration of Extremely Compressed Face Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05548.pdf)
>  Arguably the most common and salient object in daily video communications is the talking head, as encountered in social media, virtual classrooms, teleconferences, news broadcasting, talk shows, etc. When communication bandwidth is limited by network congestions or cost effectiveness, compression artifacts in talking head videos are inevitable. The resulting video quality degradation is highly visible and objectionable due to high acuity of human visual system to faces. To solve this problem, we develop a multi-modality deep convolutional neural network method for restoring face videos that are aggressively compressed. The main innovation is a new DCNN architecture that incorporates known priors of multiple modalities: the video-synchronized speech signal and semantic elements of the compression code stream, including motion vectors, code partition map and quantization parameters. These priors strongly correlate with the latent video and hence they are able to enhance the capability of deep learning to remove compression artifacts. Ample empirical evidences are presented to validate the superior performance of the proposed DCNN method on face videos over the existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 7.1st Place Solution for ICDAR 2021 Competition on Mathematical Formula Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05534.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we present our 1st place solution for the ICDAR 2021 competition on mathematical formula detection (MFD). The MFD task has three key challenges including a large scale span, large variation of the ratio between height and width, and rich character set and mathematical expressions. Considering these challenges, we used Generalized Focal Loss (GFL), an anchor-free method, instead of the anchor-based method, and prove the Adaptive Training Sampling Strategy (ATSS) and proper Feature Pyramid Network (FPN) can well solve the important issue of scale variation. Meanwhile, we also found some tricks, e.g., Deformable Convolution Network (DCN), SyncBN, and Weighted Box Fusion (WBF), were effective in MFD task. Our proposed method ranked 1st in the final 15 teams.      
### 8.Context-aware virtual adversarial training for anatomically-plausible segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05532.pdf)
>  Despite their outstanding accuracy, semi-supervised segmentation methods based on deep neural networks can still yield predictions that are considered anatomically impossible by clinicians, for instance, containing holes or disconnected regions. To solve this problem, we present a Context-aware Virtual Adversarial Training (CaVAT) method for generating anatomically plausible segmentation. Unlike approaches focusing solely on accuracy, our method also considers complex topological constraints like connectivity which cannot be easily modeled in a differentiable loss function. We use adversarial training to generate examples violating the constraints, so the network can learn to avoid making such incorrect predictions on new examples, and employ the Reinforce algorithm to handle non-differentiable segmentation constraints. The proposed method offers a generic and efficient way to add any constraint on top of any segmentation network. Experiments on two clinically-relevant datasets show our method to produce segmentations that are both accurate and anatomically-plausible in terms of region connectivity.      
### 9.Multi-view Image-based Hand Geometry Refinement using Differentiable Monte Carlo Ray Tracing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05509.pdf)
>  The amount and quality of datasets and tools available in the research field of hand pose and shape estimation act as evidence to the significant progress that has been made. We find that there is still room for improvement in both fronts, and even beyond. Even the datasets of the highest quality, reported to date, have shortcomings in annotation. There are tools in the literature that can assist in that direction and yet they have not been considered, so far. To demonstrate how these gaps can be bridged, we employ such a publicly available, multi-camera dataset of hands (InterHand2.6M), and perform effective image-based refinement to improve on the imperfect ground truth annotations, yielding a better dataset. The image-based refinement is achieved through raytracing, a method that has not been employed so far to relevant problems and is hereby shown to be superior to the approximative alternatives that have been employed in the past. To tackle the lack of reliable ground truth, we resort to realistic synthetic data, to show that the improvement we induce is indeed significant, qualitatively, and quantitatively, too.      
### 10.Anatomy-Constrained Contrastive Learning for Synthetic Segmentation without Ground-truth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05482.pdf)
>  A large amount of manual segmentation is typically required to train a robust segmentation network so that it can segment objects of interest in a new imaging modality. The manual efforts can be alleviated if the manual segmentation in one imaging modality (e.g., CT) can be utilized to train a segmentation network in another imaging modality (e.g., CBCT/MRI/PET). In this work, we developed an anatomy-constrained contrastive synthetic segmentation network (AccSeg-Net) to train a segmentation network for a target imaging modality without using its ground truth. Specifically, we proposed to use anatomy-constraint and patch contrastive learning to ensure the anatomy fidelity during the unsupervised adaptation, such that the segmentation network can be trained on the adapted image with correct anatomical structure/content. The training data for our AccSeg-Net consists of 1) imaging data paired with segmentation ground-truth in source modality, and 2) unpaired source and target modality imaging data. We demonstrated successful applications on CBCT, MRI, and PET imaging data, and showed superior segmentation performances as compared to previous methods.      
### 11.GiT: Graph Interactive Transformer for Vehicle Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05475.pdf)
>  Transformers are more and more popular in computer vision, which treat an image as a sequence of patches and learn robust global features from the sequence. However, a suitable vehicle re-identification method should consider both robust global features and discriminative local features. In this paper, we propose a graph interactive transformer (GiT) for vehicle re-identification. On the whole, we stack multiple GiT blocks to build a competitive vehicle re-identification model, in where each GiT block employs a novel local correlation graph (LCG) module to extract discriminative local features within patches and uses a transformer layer to extract robust global features among patches. In detail, in the current GiT block, the LCG module learns local features from local and global features resulting from the LCG module and transformer layer of the previous GiT block. Similarly, the transformer layer learns global features from the global features generated by the transformer layer of the previous GiT block and the new local features outputted via the LCG module of the current GiT block. Therefore, LCG modules and transformer layers are in a coupled status, bringing effective cooperation between local and global features. This is the first work to combine graphs and transformers for vehicle re-identification to the best of our knowledge. Extensive experiments on three large-scale vehicle re-identification datasets demonstrate that our method is superior to state-of-the-art approaches. The code will be available soon.      
### 12.Visual-Tactile Cross-Modal Data Generation using Residue-Fusion GAN with Feature-Matching and Perceptual Losses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05468.pdf)
>  Existing psychophysical studies have revealed that the cross-modal visual-tactile perception is common for humans performing daily activities. However, it is still challenging to build the algorithmic mapping from one modality space to another, namely the cross-modal visual-tactile data translation/generation, which could be potentially important for robotic operation. In this paper, we propose a deep-learning-based approach for cross-modal visual-tactile data generation by leveraging the framework of the generative adversarial networks (GANs). Our approach takes the visual image of a material surface as the visual data, and the accelerometer signal induced by the pen-sliding movement on the surface as the tactile data. We adopt the conditional-GAN (cGAN) structure together with the residue-fusion (RF) module, and train the model with the additional feature-matching (FM) and perceptual losses to achieve the cross-modal data generation. The experimental results show that the inclusion of the RF module, and the FM and the perceptual losses significantly improves cross-modal data generation performance in terms of the classification accuracy upon the generated data and the visual similarity between the ground-truth and the generated data.      
### 13.AxonEM Dataset: 3D Axon Instance Segmentation of Brain Cortical Regions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05451.pdf)
>  Electron microscopy (EM) enables the reconstruction of neural circuits at the level of individual synapses, which has been transformative for scientific discoveries. However, due to the complex morphology, an accurate reconstruction of cortical axons has become a major challenge. Worse still, there is no publicly available large-scale EM dataset from the cortex that provides dense ground truth segmentation for axons, making it difficult to develop and evaluate large-scale axon reconstruction methods. To address this, we introduce the AxonEM dataset, which consists of two 30x30x30 um^3 EM image volumes from the human and mouse cortex, respectively. We thoroughly proofread over 18,000 axon instances to provide dense 3D axon instance segmentation, enabling large-scale evaluation of axon reconstruction methods. In addition, we densely annotate nine ground truth subvolumes for training, per each data volume. With this, we reproduce two published state-of-the-art methods and provide their evaluation results as a baseline. We publicly release our code and data at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://connectomics-bazaar.github.io/proj/AxonEM/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> to foster the development of advanced methods.      
### 14.Scenes and Surroundings: Scene Graph Generation using Relation Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05448.pdf)
>  Identifying objects in an image and their mutual relationships as a scene graph leads to a deep understanding of image content. Despite the recent advancement in deep learning, the detection and labeling of visual object relationships remain a challenging task. This work proposes a novel local-context aware architecture named relation transformer, which exploits complex global objects to object and object to edge (relation) interactions. Our hierarchical multi-head attention-based approach efficiently captures contextual dependencies between objects and predicts their relationships. In comparison to state-of-the-art approaches, we have achieved an overall mean \textbf{4.85\%} improvement and a new benchmark across all the scene graph generation tasks on the Visual Genome dataset.      
### 15.Disentangling Transfer and Interference in Multi-Domain Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05445.pdf)
>  Humans are incredibly good at transferring knowledge from one domain to another, enabling rapid learning of new tasks. Likewise, transfer learning has enabled enormous success in many computer vision problems using pretraining. However, the benefits of transfer in multi-domain learning, where a network learns multiple tasks defined by different datasets, has not been adequately studied. Learning multiple domains could be beneficial or these domains could interfere with each other given limited network capacity. In this work, we decipher the conditions where interference and knowledge transfer occur in multi-domain learning. We propose new metrics disentangling interference and transfer and set up experimental protocols. We further examine the roles of network capacity, task grouping, and dynamic loss weighting in reducing interference and facilitating transfer. We demonstrate our findings on the CIFAR-100, MiniPlaces, and Tiny-ImageNet datasets.      
### 16.SynLiDAR: Learning From Synthetic LiDAR Sequential Point Cloud for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05399.pdf)
>  Transfer learning from synthetic to real data has been proved an effective way of mitigating data annotation constraints in various computer vision tasks. However, the developments focused on 2D images but lag far behind for 3D point clouds due to the lack of large-scale high-quality synthetic point cloud data and effective transfer methods. We address this issue by collecting SynLiDAR, a synthetic LiDAR point cloud dataset that contains large-scale point-wise annotated point cloud with accurate geometric shapes and comprehensive semantic classes, and designing PCT-Net, a point cloud translation network that aims to narrow down the gap with real-world point cloud data. For SynLiDAR, we leverage graphic tools and professionals who construct multiple realistic virtual environments with rich scene types and layouts where annotated LiDAR points can be generated automatically. On top of that, PCT-Net disentangles synthetic-to-real gaps into an appearance component and a sparsity component and translates SynLiDAR by aligning the two components with real-world data separately. Extensive experiments over multiple data augmentation and semi-supervised semantic segmentation tasks show very positive outcomes - including SynLiDAR can either train better models or reduce real-world annotated data without sacrificing performance, and PCT-Net translated data further improve model performance consistently.      
### 17.Human-like Relational Models for Activity Recognition in Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05319.pdf)
>  Video activity recognition by deep neural networks is impressive for many classes. However, it falls short of human performance, especially for challenging to discriminate activities. Humans differentiate these complex activities by recognising critical spatio-temporal relations among explicitly recognised objects and parts, for example, an object entering the aperture of a container. Deep neural networks can struggle to learn such critical relationships effectively. Therefore we propose a more human-like approach to activity recognition, which interprets a video in sequential temporal phases and extracts specific relationships among objects and hands in those phases. Random forest classifiers are learnt from these extracted relationships. We apply the method to a challenging subset of the something-something dataset and achieve a more robust performance against neural network baselines on challenging activities.      
### 18.Real-Time Super-Resolution System of 4K-Video Based on Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05307.pdf)
>  Video super-resolution (VSR) technology excels in reconstructing low-quality video, avoiding unpleasant blur effect caused by interpolation-based algorithms. However, vast computation complexity and memory occupation hampers the edge of deplorability and the runtime inference in real-life applications, especially for large-scale VSR task. This paper explores the possibility of real-time VSR system and designs an efficient and generic VSR network, termed EGVSR. The proposed EGVSR is based on spatio-temporal adversarial learning for temporal coherence. In order to pursue faster VSR processing ability up to 4K resolution, this paper tries to choose lightweight network structure and efficient upsampling method to reduce the computation required by EGVSR network under the guarantee of high visual quality. Besides, we implement the batch normalization computation fusion, convolutional acceleration algorithm and other neural network acceleration techniques on the actual hardware platform to optimize the inference process of EGVSR network. Finally, our EGVSR achieves the real-time processing capacity of 4K@29.61FPS. Compared with TecoGAN, the most advanced VSR network at present, we achieve 85.04% reduction of computation density and 7.92x performance speedups. In terms of visual quality, the proposed EGVSR tops the list of most metrics (such as LPIPS, tOF, tLP, etc.) on the public test dataset Vid4 and surpasses other state-of-the-art methods in overall performance score. The source code of this project can be found on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Thmen/EGVSR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.End-to-end Trainable Deep Neural Network for Robotic Grasp Detection and Semantic Segmentation from RGB  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05287.pdf)
>  In this work, we introduce a novel, end-to-end trainable CNN-based architecture to deliver high quality results for grasp detection suitable for a parallel-plate gripper, and semantic segmentation. Utilizing this, we propose a novel refinement module that takes advantage of previously calculated grasp detection and semantic segmentation and further increases grasp detection accuracy. Our proposed network delivers state-of-the-art accuracy on two popular grasp dataset, namely Cornell and Jacquard. As additional contribution, we provide a novel dataset extension for the OCID dataset, making it possible to evaluate grasp detection in highly challenging scenes. Using this dataset, we show that semantic segmentation can additionally be used to assign grasp candidates to object classes, which can be used to pick specific objects in the scene.      
### 20.ICDAR 2021 Competition on Integrated Circuit Text Spotting and Aesthetic Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05279.pdf)
>  With hundreds of thousands of electronic chip components are being manufactured every day, chip manufacturers have seen an increasing demand in seeking a more efficient and effective way of inspecting the quality of printed texts on chip components. The major problem that deters this area of research is the lacking of realistic text on chips datasets to act as a strong foundation. Hence, a text on chips dataset, ICText is used as the main target for the proposed Robust Reading Challenge on Integrated Circuit Text Spotting and Aesthetic Assessment (RRC-ICText) 2021 to encourage the research on this problem. Throughout the entire competition, we have received a total of 233 submissions from 10 unique teams/individuals. Details of the competition and submission results are presented in this report.      
### 21.Geographical Knowledge-driven Representation Learning for Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05276.pdf)
>  The proliferation of remote sensing satellites has resulted in a massive amount of remote sensing images. However, due to human and material resource constraints, the vast majority of remote sensing images remain unlabeled. As a result, it cannot be applied to currently available deep learning methods. To fully utilize the remaining unlabeled images, we propose a Geographical Knowledge-driven Representation learning method for remote sensing images (GeoKR), improving network performance and reduce the demand for annotated data. The global land cover products and geographical location associated with each remote sensing image are regarded as geographical knowledge to provide supervision for representation learning and network pre-training. An efficient pre-training framework is proposed to eliminate the supervision noises caused by imaging times and resolutions difference between remote sensing images and geographical knowledge. A large scale pre-training dataset Levir-KR is proposed to support network pre-training. It contains 1,431,950 remote sensing images from Gaofen series satellites with various resolutions. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms ImageNet pre-training and self-supervised representation learning methods and significantly reduces the burden of data annotation on downstream tasks such as scene classification, semantic segmentation, object detection, and cloud / snow detection. It demonstrates that our proposed method can be used as a novel paradigm for pre-training neural networks. Codes will be available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/flyakon/Geographical-Knowledge-driven-Representaion-Learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Learned super resolution ultrasound for improved breast lesion characterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05270.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is the most common malignancy in women. Mammographic findings such as microcalcifications and masses, as well as morphologic features of masses in sonographic scans, are the main diagnostic targets for tumor detection. However, improved specificity of these imaging modalities is required. A leading alternative target is neoangiogenesis. When pathological, it contributes to the development of numerous types of tumors, and the formation of metastases. Hence, demonstrating neoangiogenesis by visualization of the microvasculature may be of great importance. Super resolution ultrasound localization microscopy enables imaging of the microvasculature at the capillary level. Yet, challenges such as long reconstruction time, dependency on prior knowledge of the system Point Spread Function (PSF), and separability of the Ultrasound Contrast Agents (UCAs), need to be addressed for translation of super-resolution US into the clinic. In this work we use a deep neural network architecture that makes effective use of signal structure to address these challenges. We present in vivo human results of three different breast lesions acquired with a clinical US scanner. By leveraging our trained network, the microvasculature structure is recovered in a short time, without prior PSF knowledge, and without requiring separability of the UCAs. Each of the recoveries exhibits a different structure that corresponds with the known histological structure. This study demonstrates the feasibility of in vivo human super resolution, based on a clinical scanner, to increase US specificity for different breast lesions and promotes the use of US in the diagnosis of breast pathologies.      
### 23.AutoFB: Automating Fetal Biometry Estimation from Standard Ultrasound Planes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05255.pdf)
>  During pregnancy, ultrasound examination in the second trimester can assess fetal size according to standardized charts. To achieve a reproducible and accurate measurement, a sonographer needs to identify three standard 2D planes of the fetal anatomy (head, abdomen, femur) and manually mark the key anatomical landmarks on the image for accurate biometry and fetal weight estimation. This can be a time-consuming operator-dependent task, especially for a trainee sonographer. Computer-assisted techniques can help in automating the fetal biometry computation process. In this paper, we present a unified automated framework for estimating all measurements needed for the fetal weight assessment. The proposed framework semantically segments the key fetal anatomies using state-of-the-art segmentation models, followed by region fitting and scale recovery for the biometry estimation. We present an ablation study of segmentation algorithms to show their robustness through 4-fold cross-validation on a dataset of 349 ultrasound standard plane images from 42 pregnancies. Moreover, we show that the network with the best segmentation performance tends to be more accurate for biometry estimation. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the error between clinically measured and predicted fetal biometry is lower than the permissible error during routine clinical measurements.      
### 24.Modeling Explicit Concerning States for Reinforcement Learning in Visual Dialogue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05250.pdf)
>  To encourage AI agents to conduct meaningful Visual Dialogue (VD), the use of Reinforcement Learning has been proven potential. In Reinforcement Learning, it is crucial to represent states and assign rewards based on the action-caused transitions of states. However, the state representation in previous Visual Dialogue works uses the textual information only and its transitions are implicit. In this paper, we propose Explicit Concerning States (ECS) to represent what visual contents are concerned at each round and what have been concerned throughout the Visual Dialogue. ECS is modeled from multimodal information and is represented explicitly. Based on ECS, we formulate two intuitive and interpretable rewards to encourage the Visual Dialogue agents to converse on diverse and informative visual information. Experimental results on the VisDial v1.0 dataset show our method enables the Visual Dialogue agents to generate more visual coherent, less repetitive and more visual informative dialogues compared with previous methods, according to multiple automatic metrics, human study and qualitative analysis.      
### 25.Training deep cross-modality conversion models with a small amount of data and its application to MVCT to kVCT conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05238.pdf)
>  Deep-learning-based image processing has emerged as a valuable tool in recent years owing to its high performance. However, the quality of deep-learning-based methods relies heavily on the amount of training data, and the cost of acquiring a large amount of data is often prohibitive in medical fields. Therefore, we performed CT modality conversion based on deep learning requiring only a small number of unsupervised images. The proposed method is based on generative adversarial networks (GANs) with several extensions tailored for CT images. This method emphasizes the preservation of the structure in the processed images and reduction in the amount of training data. This method was applied to realize the conversion of mega-voltage computed tomography (MVCT) to kilo-voltage computed tomography (kVCT) images. Training was performed using several datasets acquired from patients with head and neck cancer. The size of the datasets ranged from 16 slices (for two patients) to 2745 slices (for 137 patients) of MVCT and 2824 slices of kVCT for 98 patients. The quality of the processed MVCT images was considerably enhanced, and the structural changes in the images were minimized. With an increase in the size of training data, the image quality exhibited a satisfactory convergence from a few hundred slices. In addition to statistical and visual evaluations, these results were clinically evaluated by medical doctors in terms of the accuracy of contouring. We developed an MVCT to kVCT conversion model based on deep learning, which can be trained using a few hundred unpaired images. The stability of the model against the change in the data size was demonstrated. This research promotes the reliable use of deep learning in clinical medicine by partially answering the commonly asked questions: "Is our data enough? How much data must we prepare?"      
### 26.Split, embed and merge: An accurate table structure recognizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05214.pdf)
>  The task of table structure recognition is to recognize the internal structure of a table, which is a key step to make machines understand tables. However, tabular data in unstructured digital documents, e.g. Portable Document Format (PDF) and images, are difficult to parse into structured machine-readable format, due to complexity and diversity in their structure and style, especially for complex tables. In this paper, we introduce Split, Embed and Merge (SEM), an accurate table structure recognizer. In the first stage, we use the FCN to predict the potential regions of the table row (column) separators, so as to obtain the bounding boxes of the basic grids in the table. In the second stage, we not only extract the visual features corresponding to each grid through RoIAlign, but also use the off-the-shelf recognizer and the BERT to extract the semantic features. The fused features of both are used to characterize each table grid. We find that by adding additional semantic features to each grid, the ambiguity problem of the table structure from the visual perspective can be solved to a certain extent and achieve higher precision. Finally, we process the merging of these basic grids in a self-regression manner. The correspondent merging results is learned by the attention maps in attention mechanism. With the proposed method, we can recognize the structure of tables well, even for complex tables. SEM can achieve an average F-Measure of $96.9\%$ on the SciTSR dataset which outperforms other methods by a large margin. Extensive experiments on other publicly available table structure recognition datasets show that our model achieves state-of-the-art.      
### 27.Delta Sampling R-BERT for limited data and low-light action recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05202.pdf)
>  We present an approach to perform supervised action recognition in the dark. In this work, we present our results on the ARID dataset. Most previous works only evaluate performance on large, well illuminated datasets like Kinetics and HMDB51. We demonstrate that our work is able to achieve a very low error rate while being trained on a much smaller dataset of dark videos. We also explore a variety of training and inference strategies including domain transfer methodologies and also propose a simple but useful frame selection strategy. Our empirical results demonstrate that we beat previously published baseline models by 11%.      
### 28.TransClaw U-Net: Claw U-Net with Transformers for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05188.pdf)
>  In recent years, computer-aided diagnosis has become an increasingly popular topic. Methods based on convolutional neural networks have achieved good performance in medical image segmentation and classification. Due to the limitations of the convolution operation, the long-term spatial features are often not accurately obtained. Hence, we propose a TransClaw U-Net network structure, which combines the convolution operation with the transformer operation in the encoding part. The convolution part is applied for extracting the shallow spatial features to facilitate the recovery of the image resolution after upsampling. The transformer part is used to encode the patches, and the self-attention mechanism is used to obtain global information between sequences. The decoding part retains the bottom upsampling structure for better detail segmentation performance. The experimental results on Synapse Multi-organ Segmentation Datasets show that the performance of TransClaw U-Net is better than other network structures. The ablation experiments also prove the generalization performance of TransClaw U-Net.      
### 29.Early warning of pedestrians and cyclists  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05186.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art motor vehicles are able to break for pedestrians in an emergency. We investigate what it would take to issue an early warning to the driver so he/she has time to react. We have identified that predicting the intention of a pedestrian reliably by position is a particularly hard challenge. This paper describes an early pedestrian warning demonstration system.      
### 30.Zero-Shot Compositional Concept Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05176.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of recognizing compositional attribute-object concepts within the zero-shot learning (ZSL) framework. We propose an episode-based cross-attention (EpiCA) network which combines merits of cross-attention mechanism and episode-based training strategy to recognize novel compositional concepts. Firstly, EpiCA bases on cross-attention to correlate concept-visual information and utilizes the gated pooling layer to build contextualized representations for both images and concepts. The updated representations are used for a more in-depth multi-modal relevance calculation for concept recognition. Secondly, a two-phase episode training strategy, especially the transductive phase, is adopted to utilize unlabeled test examples to alleviate the low-resource learning problem. Experiments on two widely-used zero-shot compositional learning (ZSCL) benchmarks have demonstrated the effectiveness of the model compared with recent approaches on both conventional and generalized ZSCL settings.      
### 31.Spatial and Temporal Networks for Facial Expression Recognition in the Wild Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05160.pdf)
>  The paper describes our proposed methodology for the seven basic expression classification track of Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) Competition 2021. In this task, facial expression recognition (FER) methods aim to classify the correct expression category from a diverse background, but there are several challenges. First, to adapt the model to in-the-wild scenarios, we use the knowledge from pre-trained large-scale face recognition data. Second, we propose an ensemble model with a convolution neural network (CNN), a CNN-recurrent neural network (CNN-RNN), and a CNN-Transformer (CNN-Transformer), to incorporate both spatial and temporal information. Our ensemble model achieved F1 as 0.4133, accuracy as 0.6216 and final metric as 0.4821 on the validation set.      
### 32.CFTrack: Center-based Radar and Camera Fusion for 3D Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05150.pdf)
>  3D multi-object tracking is a crucial component in the perception system of autonomous driving vehicles. Tracking all dynamic objects around the vehicle is essential for tasks such as obstacle avoidance and path planning. Autonomous vehicles are usually equipped with different sensor modalities to improve accuracy and reliability. While sensor fusion has been widely used in object detection networks in recent years, most existing multi-object tracking algorithms either rely on a single input modality, or do not fully exploit the information provided by multiple sensing modalities. In this work, we propose an end-to-end network for joint object detection and tracking based on radar and camera sensor fusion. Our proposed method uses a center-based radar-camera fusion algorithm for object detection and utilizes a greedy algorithm for object association. The proposed greedy algorithm uses the depth, velocity and 2D displacement of the detected objects to associate them through time. This makes our tracking algorithm very robust to occluded and overlapping objects, as the depth and velocity information can help the network in distinguishing them. We evaluate our method on the challenging nuScenes dataset, where it achieves 20.0 AMOTA and outperforms all vision-based 3D tracking methods in the benchmark, as well as the baseline LiDAR-based method. Our method is online with a runtime of 35ms per image, making it very suitable for autonomous driving applications.      
### 33.Review of Video Predictive Understanding: Early ActionRecognition and Future Action Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05140.pdf)
>  Video predictive understanding encompasses a wide range of efforts that are concerned with the anticipation of the unobserved future from the current as well as historical video observations. Action prediction is a major sub-area of video predictive understanding and is the focus of this review. This sub-area has two major subdivisions: early action recognition and future action prediction. Early action recognition is concerned with recognizing an ongoing action as soon as possible. Future action prediction is concerned with the anticipation of actions that follow those previously observed. In either case, the \textbf{\textit{causal}} relationship between the past, current, and potential future information is the main focus. Various mathematical tools such as Markov Chains, Gaussian Processes, Auto-Regressive modeling, and Bayesian recursive filtering are widely adopted jointly with computer vision techniques for these two tasks. However, these approaches face challenges such as the curse of dimensionality, poor generalization, and constraints from domain-specific knowledge. Recently, structures that rely on deep convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks have been extensively proposed for improving the performance of existing vision tasks, in general, and action prediction tasks, in particular. However, they have their own shortcomings, \eg reliance on massive training data and lack of strong theoretical underpinnings. In this survey, we start by introducing the major sub-areas of the broad area of video predictive understanding, which recently have received intensive attention and proven to have practical value. Next, a thorough review of various early action recognition and future action prediction algorithms are provided with suitably organized divisions. Finally, we conclude our discussion with future research directions.      
### 34.Interpretable Deep Feature Propagation for Early Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05122.pdf)
>  Early action recognition (action prediction) from limited preliminary observations plays a critical role for streaming vision systems that demand real-time inference, as video actions often possess elongated temporal spans which cause undesired latency. In this study, we address action prediction by investigating how action patterns evolve over time in a spatial feature space. There are three key components to our system. First, we work with intermediate-layer ConvNet features, which allow for abstraction from raw data, while retaining spatial layout. Second, instead of propagating features per se, we propagate their residuals across time, which allows for a compact representation that reduces redundancy. Third, we employ a Kalman filter to combat error build-up and unify across prediction start times. Extensive experimental results on multiple benchmarks show that our approach leads to competitive performance in action prediction. Notably, we investigate the learned components of our system to shed light on their otherwise opaque natures in two ways. First, we document that our learned feature propagation module works as a spatial shifting mechanism under convolution to propagate current observations into the future. Thus, it captures flow-based image motion information. Second, the learned Kalman filter adaptively updates prior estimation to aid the sequence learning process.      
### 35.LiveView: Dynamic Target-Centered MPI for View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05113.pdf)
>  Existing Multi-Plane Image (MPI) based view-synthesis methods generate an MPI aligned with the input view using a fixed number of planes in one forward pass. These methods produce fast, high-quality rendering of novel views, but rely on slow and computationally expensive MPI generation methods unsuitable for real-time applications. In addition, most MPI techniques use fixed depth/disparity planes which cannot be modified once the training is complete, hence offering very little flexibility at run-time. <br>We propose LiveView - a novel MPI generation and rendering technique that produces high-quality view synthesis in real-time. Our method can also offer the flexibility to select scene-dependent MPI planes (number of planes and spacing between them) at run-time. LiveView first warps input images to target view (target-centered) and then learns to generate a target view centered MPI, one depth plane at a time (dynamically). The method generates high-quality renderings, while also enabling fast MPI generation and novel view synthesis. As a result, LiveView enables real-time view synthesis applications where an MPI needs to be updated frequently based on a video stream of input views. We demonstrate that LiveView improves the quality of view synthesis while being 70 times faster at run-time compared to state-of-the-art MPI-based methods.      
### 36.SE-PSNet: Silhouette-based Enhancement Feature for Panoptic Segmentation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05093.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been a panoptic segmentation task combining semantic and instance segmentation, in which the goal is to classify each pixel with the corresponding instance ID. In this work, we propose a solution to tackle the panoptic segmentation task. The overall structure combines the bottom-up method and the top-down method. Therefore, not only can there be better performance, but also the execution speed can be maintained. The network mainly pays attention to the quality of the mask. In the previous work, we can see that the uneven contour of the object is more likely to appear, resulting in low-quality prediction. Accordingly, we propose enhancement features and corresponding loss functions for the silhouette of objects and backgrounds to improve the mask. Meanwhile, we use the new proposed confidence score to solve the occlusion problem and make the network tend to use higher quality masks as prediction results. To verify our research, we used the COCO dataset and CityScapes dataset to do experiments and obtained competitive results with fast inference time.      
### 37.Zero-Shot Scene Graph Relation Prediction through Commonsense Knowledge Integration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05080.pdf)
>  Relation prediction among entities in images is an important step in scene graph generation (SGG), which further impacts various visual understanding and reasoning tasks. Existing SGG frameworks, however, require heavy training yet are incapable of modeling unseen (i.e.,zero-shot) triplets. In this work, we stress that such incapability is due to the lack of commonsense reasoning,i.e., the ability to associate similar entities and infer similar relations based on general understanding of the world. To fill this gap, we propose CommOnsense-integrAted sCenegrapHrElation pRediction (COACHER), a framework to integrate commonsense knowledge for SGG, especially for zero-shot relation prediction. Specifically, we develop novel graph mining pipelines to model the neighborhoods and paths around entities in an external commonsense knowledge graph, and integrate them on top of state-of-the-art SGG frameworks. Extensive quantitative evaluations and qualitative case studies on both original and manipulated datasets from Visual Genome demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach.      
### 38.A Cloud-Edge-Terminal Collaborative System for Temperature Measurement in COVID-19 Prevention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05078.pdf)
>  To prevent the spread of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), preliminary temperature measurement and mask detection in public areas are conducted. However, the existing temperature measurement methods face the problems of safety and deployment. In this paper, to realize safe and accurate temperature measurement even when a person's face is partially obscured, we propose a cloud-edge-terminal collaborative system with a lightweight infrared temperature measurement model. A binocular camera with an RGB lens and a thermal lens is utilized to simultaneously capture image pairs. Then, a mobile detection model based on a multi-task cascaded convolutional network (MTCNN) is proposed to realize face alignment and mask detection on the RGB images. For accurate temperature measurement, we transform the facial landmarks on the RGB images to the thermal images by an affine transformation and select a more accurate temperature measurement area on the forehead. The collected information is uploaded to the cloud in real time for COVID-19 prevention. Experiments show that the detection model is only 6.1M and the average detection speed is 257ms. At a distance of 1m, the error of indoor temperature measurement is about 3%. That is, the proposed system can realize real-time temperature measurement in public areas.      
### 39.Locality Relationship Constrained Multi-view Clustering Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05073.pdf)
>  In most practical applications, it's common to utilize multiple features from different views to represent one object. Among these works, multi-view subspace-based clustering has gained extensive attention from many researchers, which aims to provide clustering solutions to multi-view data. However, most existing methods fail to take full use of the locality geometric structure and similarity relationship among samples under the multi-view scenario. To solve these issues, we propose a novel multi-view learning method with locality relationship constraint to explore the problem of multi-view clustering, called Locality Relationship Constrained Multi-view Clustering Framework (LRC-MCF). LRC-MCF aims to explore the diversity, geometric, consensus and complementary information among different views, by capturing the locality relationship information and the common similarity relationships among multiple views. Moreover, LRC-MCF takes sufficient consideration to weights of different views in finding the common-view locality structure and straightforwardly produce the final clusters. To effectually reduce the redundancy of the learned representations, the low-rank constraint on the common similarity matrix is considered additionally. To solve the minimization problem of LRC-MCF, an Alternating Direction Minimization (ADM) method is provided to iteratively calculate all variables LRC-MCF. Extensive experimental results on seven benchmark multi-view datasets validate the effectiveness of the LRC-MCF method.      
### 40.One Map Does Not Fit All: Evaluating Saliency Map Explanation on Multi-Modal Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05047.pdf)
>  Being able to explain the prediction to clinical end-users is a necessity to leverage the power of AI models for clinical decision support. For medical images, saliency maps are the most common form of explanation. The maps highlight important features for AI model's prediction. Although many saliency map methods have been proposed, it is unknown how well they perform on explaining decisions on multi-modal medical images, where each modality/channel carries distinct clinical meanings of the same underlying biomedical phenomenon. Understanding such modality-dependent features is essential for clinical users' interpretation of AI decisions. To tackle this clinically important but technically ignored problem, we propose the MSFI (Modality-Specific Feature Importance) metric to examine whether saliency maps can highlight modality-specific important features. MSFI encodes the clinical requirements on modality prioritization and modality-specific feature localization. Our evaluations on 16 commonly used saliency map methods, including a clinician user study, show that although most saliency map methods captured modality importance information in general, most of them failed to highlight modality-specific important features consistently and precisely. The evaluation results guide the choices of saliency map methods and provide insights to propose new ones targeting clinical applications.      
### 41.A Projector-Camera System Using Hybrid Pixels with Projection and Capturing Capabilities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05043.pdf)
>  We propose a novel projector-camera system (ProCams) in which each pixel has both projection and capturing capabilities. Our proposed ProCams solves the difficulty of obtaining precise pixel correspondence between the projector and the camera. We implemented a proof-of-concept ProCams prototype and demonstrated its applicability to a dynamic projection mapping.      
### 42.Blending Pruning Criteria for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05033.pdf)
>  The advancement of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on various vision applications has attracted lots of attention. Yet the majority of CNNs are unable to satisfy the strict requirement for real-world deployment. To overcome this, the recent popular network pruning is an effective method to reduce the redundancy of the models. However, the ranking of filters according to their "importance" on different pruning criteria may be inconsistent. One filter could be important according to a certain criterion, while it is unnecessary according to another one, which indicates that each criterion is only a partial view of the comprehensive "importance". From this motivation, we propose a novel framework to integrate the existing filter pruning criteria by exploring the criteria diversity. The proposed framework contains two stages: Criteria Clustering and Filters Importance Calibration. First, we condense the pruning criteria via layerwise clustering based on the rank of "importance" score. Second, within each cluster, we propose a calibration factor to adjust their significance for each selected blending candidates and search for the optimal blending criterion via Evolutionary Algorithm. Quantitative results on the CIFAR-100 and ImageNet benchmarks show that our framework outperforms the state-of-the-art baselines, regrading to the compact model performance after pruning.      
### 43.Semi-Supervised Object Detection with Adaptive Class-Rebalancing Self-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05031.pdf)
>  This study delves into semi-supervised object detection (SSOD) to improve detector performance with additional unlabeled data. State-of-the-art SSOD performance has been achieved recently by self-training, in which training supervision consists of ground truths and pseudo-labels. In current studies, we observe that class imbalance in SSOD severely impedes the effectiveness of self-training. To address the class imbalance, we propose adaptive class-rebalancing self-training (ACRST) with a novel memory module called CropBank. ACRST adaptively rebalances the training data with foreground instances extracted from the CropBank, thereby alleviating the class imbalance. Owing to the high complexity of detection tasks, we observe that both self-training and data-rebalancing suffer from noisy pseudo-labels in SSOD. Therefore, we propose a novel two-stage filtering algorithm to generate accurate pseudo-labels. Our method achieves satisfactory improvements on MS-COCO and VOC benchmarks. When using only 1\% labeled data in MS-COCO, our method achieves 17.02 mAP improvement over supervised baselines, and 5.32 mAP improvement compared with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 44.Similarity Guided Deep Face Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05025.pdf)
>  Face image retrieval, which searches for images of the same identity from the query input face image, is drawing more attention as the size of the image database increases rapidly. In order to conduct fast and accurate retrieval, a compact hash code-based methods have been proposed, and recently, deep face image hashing methods with supervised classification training have shown outstanding performance. However, classification-based scheme has a disadvantage in that it cannot reveal complex similarities between face images into the hash code learning. In this paper, we attempt to improve the face image retrieval quality by proposing a Similarity Guided Hashing (SGH) method, which gently considers self and pairwise-similarity simultaneously. SGH employs various data augmentations designed to explore elaborate similarities between face images, solving both intra and inter identity-wise difficulties. Extensive experimental results on the protocols with existing benchmarks and an additionally proposed large scale higher resolution face image dataset demonstrate that our SGH delivers state-of-the-art retrieval performance.      
### 45.Towards Accurate Localization by Instance Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05005.pdf)
>  Visual object localization is the key step in a series of object detection tasks. In the literature, high localization accuracy is achieved with the mainstream strongly supervised frameworks. However, such methods require object-level annotations and are unable to detect objects of unknown categories. Weakly supervised methods face similar difficulties. In this paper, a self-paced learning framework is proposed to achieve accurate object localization on the rank list returned by instance search. The proposed framework mines the target instance gradually from the queries and their corresponding top-ranked search results. Since a common instance is shared between the query and the images in the rank list, the target visual instance can be accurately localized even without knowing what the object category is. In addition to performing localization on instance search, the issue of few-shot object detection is also addressed under the same framework. Superior performance over state-of-the-art methods is observed on both tasks.      
### 46.Prediction Surface Uncertainty Quantification in Object Detection Models for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04991.pdf)
>  Object detection in autonomous cars is commonly based on camera images and Lidar inputs, which are often used to train prediction models such as deep artificial neural networks for decision making for object recognition, adjusting speed, etc. A mistake in such decision making can be damaging; thus, it is vital to measure the reliability of decisions made by such prediction models via uncertainty measurement. Uncertainty, in deep learning models, is often measured for classification problems. However, deep learning models in autonomous driving are often multi-output regression models. Hence, we propose a novel method called PURE (Prediction sURface uncErtainty) for measuring prediction uncertainty of such regression models. We formulate the object recognition problem as a regression model with more than one outputs for finding object locations in a 2-dimensional camera view. For evaluation, we modified three widely-applied object recognition models (i.e., YoLo, SSD300 and SSD512) and used the KITTI, Stanford Cars, Berkeley DeepDrive, and NEXET datasets. Results showed the statistically significant negative correlation between prediction surface uncertainty and prediction accuracy suggesting that uncertainty significantly impacts the decisions made by autonomous driving.      
### 47.Learn from Anywhere: Rethinking Generalized Zero-Shot Learning with Limited Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04952.pdf)
>  A common problem with most zero and few-shot learning approaches is they suffer from bias towards seen classes resulting in sub-optimal performance. Existing efforts aim to utilize unlabeled images from unseen classes (i.e transductive zero-shot) during training to enable generalization. However, this limits their use in practical scenarios where data from target unseen classes is unavailable or infeasible to collect. In this work, we present a practical setting of inductive zero and few-shot learning, where unlabeled images from other out-of-data classes, that do not belong to seen or unseen categories, can be used to improve generalization in any-shot learning. We leverage a formulation based on product-of-experts and introduce a new AUD module that enables us to use unlabeled samples from out-of-data classes which are usually easily available and practically entail no annotation cost. In addition, we also demonstrate the applicability of our model to address a more practical and challenging, Generalized Zero-shot under a limited supervision setting, where even base seen classes do not have sufficient annotated samples.      
### 48.Partial Video Domain Adaptation with Partial Adversarial Temporal Attentive Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04941.pdf)
>  Partial Domain Adaptation (PDA) is a practical and general domain adaptation scenario, which relaxes the fully shared label space assumption such that the source label space subsumes the target one. The key challenge of PDA is the issue of negative transfer caused by source-only classes. For videos, such negative transfer could be triggered by both spatial and temporal features, which leads to a more challenging Partial Video Domain Adaptation (PVDA) problem. In this paper, we propose a novel Partial Adversarial Temporal Attentive Network (PATAN) to address the PVDA problem by utilizing both spatial and temporal features for filtering source-only classes. Besides, PATAN constructs effective overall temporal features by attending to local temporal features that contribute more toward the class filtration process. We further introduce new benchmarks to facilitate research on PVDA problems, covering a wide range of PVDA scenarios. Empirical results demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of our proposed PATAN across the multiple PVDA benchmarks.      
### 49.Deep Fiber Clustering: Anatomically Informed Unsupervised Deep Learning for Fast and Effective White Matter Parcellation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04938.pdf)
>  White matter fiber clustering (WMFC) enables parcellation of white matter tractography for applications such as disease classification and anatomical tract segmentation. However, the lack of ground truth and the ambiguity of fiber data (the points along a fiber can equivalently be represented in forward or reverse order) pose challenges to this task. We propose a novel WMFC framework based on unsupervised deep learning. We solve the unsupervised clustering problem as a self-supervised learning task. Specifically, we use a convolutional neural network to learn embeddings of input fibers, using pairwise fiber distances as pseudo annotations. This enables WMFC that is insensitive to fiber point ordering. In addition, anatomical coherence of fiber clusters is improved by incorporating brain anatomical segmentation data. The proposed framework enables outlier removal in a natural way by rejecting fibers with low cluster assignment probability. We train and evaluate our method using 200 datasets from the Human Connectome Project. Results demonstrate superior performance and efficiency of the proposed approach.      
### 50.BEV-MODNet: Monocular Camera based Bird's Eye View Moving Object Detection for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04937.pdf)
>  Detection of moving objects is a very important task in autonomous driving systems. After the perception phase, motion planning is typically performed in Bird's Eye View (BEV) space. This would require projection of objects detected on the image plane to top view BEV plane. Such a projection is prone to errors due to lack of depth information and noisy mapping in far away areas. CNNs can leverage the global context in the scene to project better. In this work, we explore end-to-end Moving Object Detection (MOD) on the BEV map directly using monocular images as input. To the best of our knowledge, such a dataset does not exist and we create an extended KITTI-raw dataset consisting of 12.9k images with annotations of moving object masks in BEV space for five classes. The dataset is intended to be used for class agnostic motion cue based object detection and classes are provided as meta-data for better tuning. We design and implement a two-stream RGB and optical flow fusion architecture which outputs motion segmentation directly in BEV space. We compare it with inverse perspective mapping of state-of-the-art motion segmentation predictions on the image plane. We observe a significant improvement of 13% in mIoU using the simple baseline implementation. This demonstrates the ability to directly learn motion segmentation output in BEV space. Qualitative results of our baseline and the dataset annotations can be found in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/bev-modnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.A Spatial Guided Self-supervised Clustering Network for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04934.pdf)
>  The segmentation of medical images is a fundamental step in automated clinical decision support systems. Existing medical image segmentation methods based on supervised deep learning, however, remain problematic because of their reliance on large amounts of labelled training data. Although medical imaging data repositories continue to expand, there has not been a commensurate increase in the amount of annotated data. Hence, we propose a new spatial guided self-supervised clustering network (SGSCN) for medical image segmentation, where we introduce multiple loss functions designed to aid in grouping image pixels that are spatially connected and have similar feature representations. It iteratively learns feature representations and clustering assignment of each pixel in an end-to-end fashion from a single image. We also propose a context-based consistency loss that better delineates the shape and boundaries of image regions. It enforces all the pixels belonging to a cluster to be spatially close to the cluster centre. We evaluated our method on 2 public medical image datasets and compared it to existing conventional and self-supervised clustering methods. Experimental results show that our method was most accurate for medical image segmentation.      
### 52.Aligning Correlation Information for Domain Adaptation in Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04932.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) approaches address domain shift and enable networks to be applied to different scenarios. Although various image DA approaches have been proposed in recent years, there is limited research towards video DA. This is partly due to the complexity in adapting the different modalities of features in videos, which includes the correlation features extracted as long-term dependencies of pixels across spatiotemporal dimensions. The correlation features are highly associated with action classes and proven their effectiveness in accurate video feature extraction through the supervised action recognition task. Yet correlation features of the same action would differ across domains due to domain shift. Therefore we propose a novel Adversarial Correlation Adaptation Network (ACAN) to align action videos by aligning pixel correlations. ACAN aims to minimize the distribution of correlation information, termed as Pixel Correlation Discrepancy (PCD). Additionally, video DA research is also limited by the lack of cross-domain video datasets with larger domain shifts. We, therefore, introduce a novel HMDB-ARID dataset with a larger domain shift caused by a larger statistical difference between domains. This dataset is built in an effort to leverage current datasets for dark video classification. Empirical results demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of our proposed ACAN for both existing and the new video DA datasets.      
### 53.Anatomy of Domain Shift Impact on U-Net Layers in MRI Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04914.pdf)
>  Domain Adaptation (DA) methods are widely used in medical image segmentation tasks to tackle the problem of differently distributed train (source) and test (target) data. We consider the supervised DA task with a limited number of annotated samples from the target domain. It corresponds to one of the most relevant clinical setups: building a sufficiently accurate model on the minimum possible amount of annotated data. Existing methods mostly fine-tune specific layers of the pretrained Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). However, there is no consensus on which layers are better to fine-tune, e.g. the first layers for images with low-level domain shift or the deeper layers for images with high-level domain shift. To this end, we propose SpotTUnet - a CNN architecture that automatically chooses the layers which should be optimally fine-tuned. More specifically, on the target domain, our method additionally learns the policy that indicates whether a specific layer should be fine-tuned or reused from the pretrained network. We show that our method performs at the same level as the best of the nonflexible fine-tuning methods even under the extreme scarcity of annotated data. Secondly, we show that SpotTUnet policy provides a layer-wise visualization of the domain shift impact on the network, which could be further used to develop robust domain generalization methods. In order to extensively evaluate SpotTUnet performance, we use a publicly available dataset of brain MR images (CC359), characterized by explicit domain shift. We release a reproducible experimental pipeline.      
### 54.Industry and Academic Research in Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04902.pdf)
>  This work aims to study the dynamic between research in the industry and academia in computer vision. The results are demonstrated on a set of top-5 vision conferences that are representative of the field. Since data for such analysis was not readily available, significant effort was spent on gathering and processing meta-data from the original publications. First, this study quantifies the share of industry-sponsored research. Specifically, it shows that the proportion of papers published by industry-affiliated researchers is increasing and that more academics join companies or collaborate with them. Next, the possible impact of industry presence is further explored, namely in the distribution of research topics and citation patterns. The results indicate that the distribution of the research topics is similar in industry and academic papers. However, there is a strong preference towards citing industry papers. Finally, possible reasons for citation bias, such as code availability and influence, are investigated.      
### 55.Hierarchical Self-Supervised Learning for Medical Image Segmentation Based on Multi-Domain Data Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04886.pdf)
>  A large labeled dataset is a key to the success of supervised deep learning, but for medical image segmentation, it is highly challenging to obtain sufficient annotated images for model training. In many scenarios, unannotated images are abundant and easy to acquire. Self-supervised learning (SSL) has shown great potentials in exploiting raw data information and representation learning. In this paper, we propose Hierarchical Self-Supervised Learning (HSSL), a new self-supervised framework that boosts medical image segmentation by making good use of unannotated data. Unlike the current literature on task-specific self-supervised pretraining followed by supervised fine-tuning, we utilize SSL to learn task-agnostic knowledge from heterogeneous data for various medical image segmentation tasks. Specifically, we first aggregate a dataset from several medical challenges, then pre-train the network in a self-supervised manner, and finally fine-tune on labeled data. We develop a new loss function by combining contrastive loss and classification loss and pretrain an encoder-decoder architecture for segmentation tasks. Our extensive experiments show that multi-domain joint pre-training benefits downstream segmentation tasks and outperforms single-domain pre-training significantly. Compared to learning from scratch, our new method yields better performance on various tasks (e.g., +0.69% to +18.60% in Dice scores with 5% of annotated data). With limited amounts of training data, our method can substantially bridge the performance gap w.r.t. denser annotations (e.g., 10% vs.~100% of annotated data).      
### 56.Out of Distribution Detection and Adversarial Attacks on Deep Neural Networks for Robust Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04882.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have become a popular choice for medical image analysis. However, the poor generalization performance of deep learning models limits them from being deployed in the real world as robustness is critical for medical applications. For instance, the state-of-the-art Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) fail to detect adversarial samples or samples drawn statistically far away from the training distribution. In this work, we experimentally evaluate the robustness of a Mahalanobis distance-based confidence score, a simple yet effective method for detecting abnormal input samples, in classifying malaria parasitized cells and uninfected cells. Results indicated that the Mahalanobis confidence score detector exhibits improved performance and robustness of deep learning models, and achieves stateof-the-art performance on both out-of-distribution (OOD) and adversarial samples.      
### 57.Learning 3D Dense Correspondence via Canonical Point Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04867.pdf)
>  We propose a canonical point autoencoder (CPAE) that predicts dense correspondences between 3D shapes of the same category. The autoencoder performs two key functions: (a) encoding an arbitrarily ordered point cloud to a canonical primitive, e.g., a sphere, and (b) decoding the primitive back to the original input instance shape. As being placed in the bottleneck, this primitive plays a key role to map all the unordered point clouds on the canonical surface and to be reconstructed in an ordered fashion. Once trained, points from different shape instances that are mapped to the same locations on the primitive surface are determined to be a pair of correspondence. Our method does not require any form of annotation or self-supervised part segmentation network and can handle unaligned input point clouds. Experimental results on 3D semantic keypoint transfer and part segmentation transfer show that our model performs favorably against state-of-the-art correspondence learning methods.      
### 58.Bayesian Convolutional Neural Networks for Seven Basic Facial Expression Classifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04834.pdf)
>  The seven basic facial expression classifications are a basic way to express complex human emotions and are an important part of artificial intelligence research. Based on the traditional Bayesian neural network framework, the ResNet18_BNN network constructed in this paper has been improved in the following three aspects: (1) A new objective function is proposed, which is composed of the KL loss of uncertain parameters and the intersection of specific parameters. Entropy loss composition. (2) Aiming at a special objective function, a training scheme for alternately updating these two parameters is proposed. (3) Only model the parameters of the last convolution group. Through testing on the FER2013 test set, we achieved 71.5% and 73.1% accuracy in PublicTestSet and PrivateTestSet, respectively. Compared with traditional Bayesian neural networks, our method brings the highest classification accuracy gain.      
### 59.CSL-YOLO: A New Lightweight Object Detection System for Edge Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04829.pdf)
>  The development of lightweight object detectors is essential due to the limited computation resources. To reduce the computation cost, how to generate redundant features plays a significant role. This paper proposes a new lightweight Convolution method Cross-Stage Lightweight (CSL) Module, to generate redundant features from cheap operations. In the intermediate expansion stage, we replaced Pointwise Convolution with Depthwise Convolution to produce candidate features. The proposed CSL-Module can reduce the computation cost significantly. Experiments conducted at MS-COCO show that the proposed CSL-Module can approximate the fitting ability of Convolution-3x3. Finally, we use the module to construct a lightweight detector CSL-YOLO, achieving better detection performance with only 43% FLOPs and 52% parameters than Tiny-YOLOv4.      
### 60.A Weakly-Supervised Depth Estimation Network Using Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04819.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation (MDE) is a fundamental task in many applications such as scene understanding and reconstruction. However, most of the existing methods rely on accurately labeled datasets. A weakly-supervised framework based on attention nested U-net (ANU) named as ANUW is introduced in this paper for cases with wrong labels. The ANUW is trained end-to-end to convert an input single RGB image into a depth image. It consists of a dense residual network structure, an adaptive weight channel attention (AWCA) module, a patch second non-local (PSNL) module and a soft label generation method. The dense residual network is the main body of the network to encode and decode the input. The AWCA module can adaptively adjust the channel weights to extract important features. The PSNL module implements the spatial attention mechanism through a second-order non-local method. The proposed soft label generation method uses the prior knowledge of the dataset to produce soft labels to replace false ones. The proposed ANUW is trained on a defective monocular depth dataset and the trained model is tested on three public datasets, and the results demonstrate the superiority of ANUW in comparison with the state-of-the-art MDE methods.      
### 61.Detection of Plant Leaf Disease Directly in the JPEG Compressed Domain using Transfer Learning Technique  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04813.pdf)
>  Plant leaf diseases pose a significant danger to food security and they cause depletion in quality and volume of production. Therefore accurate and timely detection of leaf disease is very important to check the loss of the crops and meet the growing food demand of the people. Conventional techniques depend on lab investigation and human skills which are generally costly and inaccessible. Recently, Deep Neural Networks have been exceptionally fruitful in image classification. In this research paper, plant leaf disease detection employing transfer learning is explored in the JPEG compressed domain. Here, the JPEG compressed stream consisting of DCT coefficients is, directly fed into the Neural Network to improve the efficiency of classification. The experimental results on JPEG compressed leaf dataset demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed model.      
### 62.Not End-to-End: Explore Multi-Stage Architecture for Online Surgical Phase Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04810.pdf)
>  Surgical phase recognition is of particular interest to computer assisted surgery systems, in which the goal is to predict what phase is occurring at each frame for a surgery video. Networks with multi-stage architecture have been widely applied in many computer vision tasks with rich patterns, where a predictor stage first outputs initial predictions and an additional refinement stage operates on the initial predictions to perform further refinement. Existing works show that surgical video contents are well ordered and contain rich temporal patterns, making the multi-stage architecture well suited for the surgical phase recognition task. However, we observe that when simply applying the multi-stage architecture to the surgical phase recognition task, the end-to-end training manner will make the refinement ability fall short of its wishes. To address the problem, we propose a new non end-to-end training strategy and explore different designs of multi-stage architecture for surgical phase recognition task. For the non end-to-end training strategy, the refinement stage is trained separately with proposed two types of disturbed sequences. Meanwhile, we evaluate three different choices of refinement models to show that our analysis and solution are robust to the choices of specific multi-stage models. We conduct experiments on two public benchmarks, the M2CAI16 Workflow Challenge, and the Cholec80 dataset. Results show that multi-stage architecture trained with our strategy largely boosts the performance of the current state-of-the-art single-stage model. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ChinaYi/casual_tcn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 63.Few-Shot Domain Adaptation with Polymorphic Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04805.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) trained on one set of medical images often experience severe performance drop on unseen test images, due to various domain discrepancy between the training images (source domain) and the test images (target domain), which raises a domain adaptation issue. In clinical settings, it is difficult to collect enough annotated target domain data in a short period. Few-shot domain adaptation, i.e., adapting a trained model with a handful of annotations, is highly practical and useful in this case. In this paper, we propose a Polymorphic Transformer (Polyformer), which can be incorporated into any DNN backbones for few-shot domain adaptation. Specifically, after the polyformer layer is inserted into a model trained on the source domain, it extracts a set of prototype embeddings, which can be viewed as a "basis" of the source-domain features. On the target domain, the polyformer layer adapts by only updating a projection layer which controls the interactions between image features and the prototype embeddings. All other model weights (except BatchNorm parameters) are frozen during adaptation. Thus, the chance of overfitting the annotations is greatly reduced, and the model can perform robustly on the target domain after being trained on a few annotated images. We demonstrate the effectiveness of Polyformer on two medical segmentation tasks (i.e., optic disc/cup segmentation, and polyp segmentation). The source code of Polyformer is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/askerlee/segtran" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 64.TTAN: Two-Stage Temporal Alignment Network for Few-shot Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04782.pdf)
>  Few-shot action recognition aims to recognize novel action classes (query) using just a few samples (support). The majority of current approaches follow the metric learning paradigm, which learns to compare the similarity between videos. Recently, it has been observed that directly measuring this similarity is not ideal since different action instances may show distinctive temporal distribution, resulting in severe misalignment issues across query and support videos. In this paper, we arrest this problem from two distinct aspects -- action duration misalignment and motion evolution misalignment. We address them sequentially through a Two-stage Temporal Alignment Network (TTAN). The first stage performs temporal transformation with the predicted affine warp parameters, while the second stage utilizes a cross-attention mechanism to coordinate the features of the support and query to a consistent evolution. Besides, we devise a novel multi-shot fusion strategy, which takes the misalignment among support samples into consideration. Ablation studies and visualizations demonstrate the role played by both stages in addressing the misalignment. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets show the potential of the proposed method in achieving state-of-the-art performance for few-shot action recognition.      
### 65.Anomaly Detection in Residential Video Surveillance on Edge Devices in IoT Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04767.pdf)
>  Intelligent resident surveillance is one of the most essential smart community services. The increasing demand for security needs surveillance systems to be able to detect anomalies in surveillance scenes. Employing high-capacity computational devices for intelligent surveillance in residential societies is costly and not feasible. Therefore, we propose anomaly detection for intelligent surveillance using CPU-only edge devices. A modular framework to capture object-level inferences and tracking is developed. To cope with partial occlusions, posture deformations, and complex scenes we employed feature encoding and trajectory associations. Elements of the anomaly detection framework are optimized to run on CPU-only edge devices with sufficient FPS. The experimental results indicate the proposed method is feasible and achieves satisfactory results in real-life scenarios.      
### 66.Resilience of Autonomous Vehicle Object Category Detection to Universal Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04749.pdf)
>  Due to the vulnerability of deep neural networks to adversarial examples, numerous works on adversarial attacks and defenses have been burgeoning over the past several years. However, there seem to be some conventional views regarding adversarial attacks and object detection approaches that most researchers take for granted. In this work, we bring a fresh perspective on those procedures by evaluating the impact of universal perturbations on object detection at a class-level. We apply it to a carefully curated data set related to autonomous driving. We use Faster-RCNN object detector on images of five different categories: person, car, truck, stop sign and traffic light from the COCO data set, while carefully perturbing the images using Universal Dense Object Suppression algorithm. Our results indicate that person, car, traffic light, truck and stop sign are resilient in that order (most to least) to universal perturbations. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first time such a ranking has been established which is significant for the security of the data sets pertaining to autonomous vehicles and object detection in general.      
### 67.Consensual Collaborative Training And Knowledge Distillation Based Facial Expression Recognition Under Noisy Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04746.pdf)
>  Presence of noise in the labels of large scale facial expression datasets has been a key challenge towards Facial Expression Recognition (FER) in the wild. During early learning stage, deep networks fit on clean data. Then, eventually, they start overfitting on noisy labels due to their memorization ability, which limits FER performance. This work proposes an effective training strategy in the presence of noisy labels, called as Consensual Collaborative Training (CCT) framework. CCT co-trains three networks jointly using a convex combination of supervision loss and consistency loss, without making any assumption about the noise distribution. A dynamic transition mechanism is used to move from supervision loss in early learning to consistency loss for consensus of predictions among networks in the later stage. Inference is done using a single network based on a simple knowledge distillation scheme. Effectiveness of the proposed framework is demonstrated on synthetic as well as real noisy FER datasets. In addition, a large test subset of around 5K images is annotated from the FEC dataset using crowd wisdom of 16 different annotators and reliable labels are inferred. CCT is also validated on it. State-of-the-art performance is reported on the benchmark FER datasets RAFDB (90.84%) FERPlus (89.99%) and AffectNet (66%). Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/1980x/CCT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.Local-to-Global Self-Attention in Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04735.pdf)
>  Transformers have demonstrated great potential in computer vision tasks. To avoid dense computations of self-attentions in high-resolution visual data, some recent Transformer models adopt a hierarchical design, where self-attentions are only computed within local windows. This design significantly improves the efficiency but lacks global feature reasoning in early stages. In this work, we design a multi-path structure of the Transformer, which enables local-to-global reasoning at multiple granularities in each stage. The proposed framework is computationally efficient and highly effective. With a marginal increasement in computational overhead, our model achieves notable improvements in both image classification and semantic segmentation. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ljpadam/LG-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 69.DDCNet: Deep Dilated Convolutional Neural Network for Dense Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04715.pdf)
>  Dense pixel matching problems such as optical flow and disparity estimation are among the most challenging tasks in computer vision. Recently, several deep learning methods designed for these problems have been successful. A sufficiently larger effective receptive field (ERF) and a higher resolution of spatial features within a network are essential for providing higher-resolution dense estimates. In this work, we present a systemic approach to design network architectures that can provide a larger receptive field while maintaining a higher spatial feature resolution. To achieve a larger ERF, we utilized dilated convolutional layers. By aggressively increasing dilation rates in the deeper layers, we were able to achieve a sufficiently larger ERF with a significantly fewer number of trainable parameters. We used optical flow estimation problem as the primary benchmark to illustrate our network design strategy. The benchmark results (Sintel, KITTI, and Middlebury) indicate that our compact networks can achieve comparable performance in the class of lightweight networks.      
### 70.Lifelong Twin Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04708.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new continuously learning generative model, called the Lifelong Twin Generative Adversarial Networks (LT-GANs). LT-GANs learns a sequence of tasks from several databases and its architecture consists of three components: two identical generators, namely the Teacher and Assistant, and one Discriminator. In order to allow for the LT-GANs to learn new concepts without forgetting, we introduce a new lifelong training approach, namely Lifelong Adversarial Knowledge Distillation (LAKD), which encourages the Teacher and Assistant to alternately teach each other, while learning a new database. This training approach favours transferring knowledge from a more knowledgeable player to another player which knows less information about a previously given task.      
### 71.Scaled-Time-Attention Robust Edge Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04688.pdf)
>  This paper describes a systematic approach towards building a new family of neural networks based on a delay-loop version of a reservoir neural network. The resulting architecture, called Scaled-Time-Attention Robust Edge (STARE) network, exploits hyper dimensional space and non-multiply-and-add computation to achieve a simpler architecture, which has shallow layers, is simple to train, and is better suited for Edge applications, such as Internet of Things (IoT), over traditional deep neural networks. STARE incorporates new AI concepts such as Attention and Context, and is best suited for temporal feature extraction and classification. We demonstrate that STARE is applicable to a variety of applications with improved performance and lower implementation complexity. In particular, we showed a novel way of applying a dual-loop configuration to detection and identification of drone vs bird in a counter Unmanned Air Systems (UAS) detection application by exploiting both spatial (video frame) and temporal (trajectory) information. We also demonstrated that the STARE performance approaches that of a State-of-the-Art deep neural network in classifying RF modulations, and outperforms Long Short-term Memory (LSTM) in a special case of Mackey Glass time series prediction. To demonstrate hardware efficiency, we designed and developed an FPGA implementation of the STARE algorithm to demonstrate its low-power and high-throughput operations. In addition, we illustrate an efficient structure for integrating a massively parallel implementation of the STARE algorithm for ASIC implementation.      
### 72.Efficient Real-Time Image Recognition Using Collaborative Swarm of UAVs and Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04648.pdf)
>  Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) have recently attracted significant attention due to their outstanding ability to be used in different sectors and serve in difficult and dangerous areas. Moreover, the advancements in computer vision and artificial intelligence have increased the use of UAVs in various applications and solutions, such as forest fires detection and borders monitoring. However, using deep neural networks (DNNs) with UAVs introduces several challenges of processing deeper networks and complex models, which restricts their on-board computation. In this work, we present a strategy aiming at distributing inference requests to a swarm of resource-constrained UAVs that classifies captured images on-board and finds the minimum decision-making latency. We formulate the model as an optimization problem that minimizes the latency between acquiring images and making the final decisions. The formulated optimization solution is an NP-hard problem. Hence it is not adequate for online resource allocation. Therefore, we introduce an online heuristic solution, namely DistInference, to find the layers placement strategy that gives the best latency among the available UAVs. The proposed approach is general enough to be used for different low decision-latency applications as well as for all CNN types organized into the pipeline of layers (e.g., VGG) or based on residual blocks (e.g., ResNet).      
### 73.Self-Supervised Generative Adversarial Network for Depth Estimation in Laparoscopic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04644.pdf)
>  Dense depth estimation and 3D reconstruction of a surgical scene are crucial steps in computer assisted surgery. Recent work has shown that depth estimation from a stereo images pair could be solved with convolutional neural networks. However, most recent depth estimation models were trained on datasets with per-pixel ground truth. Such data is especially rare for laparoscopic imaging, making it hard to apply supervised depth estimation to real surgical applications. To overcome this limitation, we propose SADepth, a new self-supervised depth estimation method based on Generative Adversarial Networks. It consists of an encoder-decoder generator and a discriminator to incorporate geometry constraints during training. Multi-scale outputs from the generator help to solve the local minima caused by the photometric reprojection loss, while the adversarial learning improves the framework generation quality. Extensive experiments on two public datasets show that SADepth outperforms recent state-of-the-art unsupervised methods by a large margin, and reduces the gap between supervised and unsupervised depth estimation in laparoscopic images.      
### 74.Cumulative Assessment for Urban 3D Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04622.pdf)
>  Urban 3D modeling from satellite images requires accurate semantic segmentation to delineate urban features, multiple view stereo for 3D reconstruction of surface heights, and 3D model fitting to produce compact models with accurate surface slopes. In this work, we present a cumulative assessment metric that succinctly captures error contributions from each of these components. We demonstrate our approach by providing challenging public datasets and extending two open source projects to provide an end-to-end 3D modeling baseline solution to stimulate further research and evaluation with a public leaderboard.      
### 75.Diverse Video Generation using a Gaussian Process Trigger  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04619.pdf)
>  Generating future frames given a few context (or past) frames is a challenging task. It requires modeling the temporal coherence of videos and multi-modality in terms of diversity in the potential future states. Current variational approaches for video generation tend to marginalize over multi-modal future outcomes. Instead, we propose to explicitly model the multi-modality in the future outcomes and leverage it to sample diverse futures. Our approach, Diverse Video Generator, uses a Gaussian Process (GP) to learn priors on future states given the past and maintains a probability distribution over possible futures given a particular sample. In addition, we leverage the changes in this distribution over time to control the sampling of diverse future states by estimating the end of ongoing sequences. That is, we use the variance of GP over the output function space to trigger a change in an action sequence. We achieve state-of-the-art results on diverse future frame generation in terms of reconstruction quality and diversity of the generated sequences.      
### 76.Optimal Triangulation Method is Not Really Optimal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04618.pdf)
>  Triangulation refers to the problem of finding a 3D point from its 2D projections on multiple camera images. For solving this problem, it is the common practice to use so-called optimal triangulation method, which we call the L2 method in this paper. But, the method can be optimal only if we assume no uncertainty in the camera parameters. Through extensive comparison on synthetic and real data, we observed that the L2 method is actually not the best choice when there is uncertainty in the camera parameters. Interestingly, it can be observed that the simple mid-point method outperforms other methods. Apart from its high performance, the mid-point method has a simple closed formed solution for multiple camera images while the L2 method is hard to be used for more than two camera images. Therefore, in contrast to the common practice, we argue that the simple mid-point method should be used in structure-from-motion applications where there is uncertainty in camera parameters.      
### 77.Hierarchical Neural Dynamic Policies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05627.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of generalization to unseen configurations for dynamic tasks in the real world while learning from high-dimensional image input. The family of nonlinear dynamical system-based methods have successfully demonstrated dynamic robot behaviors but have difficulty in generalizing to unseen configurations as well as learning from image inputs. Recent works approach this issue by using deep network policies and reparameterize actions to embed the structure of dynamical systems but still struggle in domains with diverse configurations of image goals, and hence, find it difficult to generalize. In this paper, we address this dichotomy by leveraging embedding the structure of dynamical systems in a hierarchical deep policy learning framework, called Hierarchical Neural Dynamical Policies (H-NDPs). Instead of fitting deep dynamical systems to diverse data directly, H-NDPs form a curriculum by learning local dynamical system-based policies on small regions in state-space and then distill them into a global dynamical system-based policy that operates only from high-dimensional images. H-NDPs additionally provide smooth trajectories, a strong safety benefit in the real world. We perform extensive experiments on dynamic tasks both in the real world (digit writing, scooping, and pouring) and simulation (catching, throwing, picking). We show that H-NDPs are easily integrated with both imitation as well as reinforcement learning setups and achieve state-of-the-art results. Video results are at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://shikharbahl.github.io/hierarchical-ndps/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 78.A Persistent Spatial Semantic Representation for High-level Natural Language Instruction Execution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05612.pdf)
>  Natural language provides an accessible and expressive interface to specify long-term tasks for robotic agents. However, non-experts are likely to specify such tasks with high-level instructions, which abstract over specific robot actions through several layers of abstraction. We propose that key to bridging this gap between language and robot actions over long execution horizons are persistent representations. We propose a persistent spatial semantic representation method, and show how it enables building an agent that performs hierarchical reasoning to effectively execute long-term tasks. We evaluate our approach on the ALFRED benchmark and achieve state-of-the-art results, despite completely avoiding the commonly used step-by-step instructions.      
### 79.MoDIR: Motion-Compensated Training for Deep Image Reconstruction without Ground Truth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05533.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks for medical image reconstruction are traditionally trained using high-quality ground-truth images as training targets. Recent work onNoise2Noise (N2N) has shown the potential of using multiple noisy measurements of the same object as an alternative to having a ground truth. However, existing N2N-based methods cannot exploit information from various motion states, limiting their ability to learn on moving objects. This paper addresses this issue by proposing a novel motion-compensated deep image reconstruction (MoDIR) method that can use information from several unregistered and noisy measurements for training. MoDIR deals with object motion by including a deep registration module jointly trained with the deep reconstruction network without any ground-truth supervision. We validate MoDIR on both simulated and experimentally collected magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data and show that it significantly improves imaging quality.      
### 80.Synthesizing Multi-Tracer PET Images for Alzheimer's Disease Patients using a 3D Unified Anatomy-aware Cyclic Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05491.pdf)
>  Positron Emission Tomography (PET) is an important tool for studying Alzheimer's disease (AD). PET scans can be used as diagnostics tools, and to provide molecular characterization of patients with cognitive disorders. However, multiple tracers are needed to measure glucose metabolism (18F-FDG), synaptic vesicle protein (11C-UCB-J), and $\beta$-amyloid (11C-PiB). Administering multiple tracers to patient will lead to high radiation dose and cost. In addition, access to PET scans using new or less-available tracers with sophisticated production methods and short half-life isotopes may be very limited. Thus, it is desirable to develop an efficient multi-tracer PET synthesis model that can generate multi-tracer PET from single-tracer PET. Previous works on medical image synthesis focus on one-to-one fixed domain translations, and cannot simultaneously learn the feature from multi-tracer domains. Given 3 or more tracers, relying on previous methods will also create a heavy burden on the number of models to be trained. To tackle these issues, we propose a 3D unified anatomy-aware cyclic adversarial network (UCAN) for translating multi-tracer PET volumes with one unified generative model, where MR with anatomical information is incorporated. Evaluations on a multi-tracer PET dataset demonstrate the feasibility that our UCAN can generate high-quality multi-tracer PET volumes, with NMSE less than 15% for all PET tracers.      
### 81.The Power of Proxy Data and Proxy Networks for Hyper-Parameter Optimization in Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05471.pdf)
>  Deep learning models for medical image segmentation are primarily data-driven. Models trained with more data lead to improved performance and generalizability. However, training is a computationally expensive process because multiple hyper-parameters need to be tested to find the optimal setting for best performance. In this work, we focus on accelerating the estimation of hyper-parameters by proposing two novel methodologies: proxy data and proxy networks. Both can be useful for estimating hyper-parameters more efficiently. We test the proposed techniques on CT and MR imaging modalities using well-known public datasets. In both cases using one dataset for building proxy data and another data source for external evaluation. For CT, the approach is tested on spleen segmentation with two datasets. The first dataset is from the medical segmentation decathlon (MSD), where the proxy data is constructed, the secondary dataset is utilized as an external validation dataset. Similarly, for MR, the approach is evaluated on prostate segmentation where the first dataset is from MSD and the second dataset is PROSTATEx. First, we show higher correlation to using full data for training when testing on the external validation set using smaller proxy data than a random selection of the proxy data. Second, we show that a high correlation exists for proxy networks when compared with the full network on validation Dice score. Third, we show that the proposed approach of utilizing a proxy network can speed up an AutoML framework for hyper-parameter search by 3.3x, and by 4.4x if proxy data and proxy network are utilized together.      
### 82.Source-Free Adaptation to Measurement Shift via Bottom-Up Feature Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05446.pdf)
>  Source-free domain adaptation (SFDA) aims to adapt a model trained on labelled data in a source domain to unlabelled data in a target domain without access to the source-domain data during adaptation. Existing methods for SFDA leverage entropy-minimization techniques which: (i) apply only to classification; (ii) destroy model calibration; and (iii) rely on the source model achieving a good level of feature-space class-separation in the target domain. We address these issues for a particularly pervasive type of domain shift called measurement shift, characterized by a change in measurement system (e.g. a change in sensor or lighting). In the source domain, we store a lightweight and flexible approximation of the feature distribution under the source data. In the target domain, we adapt the feature-extractor such that the approximate feature distribution under the target data realigns with that saved on the source. We call this method Feature Restoration (FR) as it seeks to extract features with the same semantics from the target domain as were previously extracted from the source. We additionally propose Bottom-Up Feature Restoration (BUFR), a bottom-up training scheme for FR which boosts performance by preserving learnt structure in the later layers of a network. Through experiments we demonstrate that BUFR often outperforms existing SFDA methods in terms of accuracy, calibration, and data efficiency, while being less reliant on the performance of the source model in the target domain.      
### 83.Computer-Aided Diagnosis of Low Grade Endometrial Stromal Sarcoma (LGESS)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05426.pdf)
>  Low grade endometrial stromal sarcoma (LGESS) is rare form of cancer, accounting for about 0.2% of all uterine cancer cases. Approximately 75% of LGESS patients are initially misdiagnosed with leiomyoma, which is a type of benign tumor, also known as fibroids. In this research, uterine tissue biopsy images of potential LGESS patients are preprocessed using segmentation and staining normalization algorithms. A variety of classic machine learning and leading deep learning models are then applied to classify tissue images as either benign or cancerous. For the classic techniques considered, the highest classification accuracy we attain is about 0.85, while our best deep learning model achieves an accuracy of approximately 0.87. These results indicate that properly trained learning algorithms can play a useful role in the diagnosis of LGESS.      
### 84.Fine-Grained AutoAugmentation for Multi-Label Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05384.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is a commonly used approach to improving the generalization of deep learning models. Recent works show that learned data augmentation policies can achieve better generalization than hand-crafted ones. However, most of these works use unified augmentation policies for all samples in a dataset, which is observed not necessarily beneficial for all labels in multi-label classification tasks, i.e., some policies may have negative impacts on some labels while benefitting the others. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel Label-Based AutoAugmentation (LB-Aug) method for multi-label scenarios, where augmentation policies are generated with respect to labels by an augmentation-policy network. The policies are learned via reinforcement learning using policy gradient methods, providing a mapping from instance labels to their optimal augmentation policies. Numerical experiments show that our LB-Aug outperforms previous state-of-the-art augmentation methods by large margins in multiple benchmarks on image and video classification.      
### 85.EndoUDA: A modality independent segmentation approach for endoscopy imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05342.pdf)
>  Gastrointestinal (GI) cancer precursors require frequent monitoring for risk stratification of patients. Automated segmentation methods can help to assess risk areas more accurately, and assist in therapeutic procedures or even removal. In clinical practice, addition to the conventional white-light imaging (WLI), complimentary modalities such as narrow-band imaging (NBI) and fluorescence imaging are used. While, today most segmentation approaches are supervised and only concentrated on a single modality dataset, this work exploits to use a target-independent unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) technique that is capable to generalize to an unseen target modality. In this context, we propose a novel UDA-based segmentation method that couples the variational autoencoder and U-Net with a common EfficientNet-B4 backbone, and uses a joint loss for latent-space optimization for target samples. We show that our model can generalize to unseen target NBI (target) modality when trained using only WLI (source) modality. Our experiments on both upper and lower GI endoscopy data show the effectiveness of our approach compared to naive supervised approach and state-of-the-art UDA segmentation methods.      
### 86.Visual Transformer with Statistical Test for COVID-19 Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05334.pdf)
>  With the massive damage in the world caused by Coronavirus Disease 2019 SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19), many related research topics have been proposed in the past two years. The Chest Computed Tomography (CT) scans are the most valuable materials to diagnose the COVID-19 symptoms. However, most schemes for COVID-19 classification of Chest CT scan is based on a single-slice level, implying that the most critical CT slice should be selected from the original CT scan volume manually. We simultaneously propose 2-D and 3-D models to predict the COVID-19 of CT scan to tickle this issue. In our 2-D model, we introduce the Deep Wilcoxon signed-rank test (DWCC) to determine the importance of each slice of a CT scan to overcome the issue mentioned previously. Furthermore, a Convolutional CT scan-Aware Transformer (CCAT) is proposed to discover the context of the slices fully. The frame-level feature is extracted from each CT slice based on any backbone network and followed by feeding the features to our within-slice-Transformer (WST) to discover the context information in the pixel dimension. The proposed Between-Slice-Transformer (BST) is used to aggregate the extracted spatial-context features of every CT slice. A simple classifier is then used to judge whether the Spatio-temporal features are COVID-19 or non-COVID-19. The extensive experiments demonstrated that the proposed CCAT and DWCC significantly outperform the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 87.R3L: Connecting Deep Reinforcement Learning to Recurrent Neural Networks for Image Denoising via Residual Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05318.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art image denoisers exploit various types of deep neural networks via deterministic training. Alternatively, very recent works utilize deep reinforcement learning for restoring images with diverse or unknown corruptions. Though deep reinforcement learning can generate effective policy networks for operator selection or architecture search in image restoration, how it is connected to the classic deterministic training in solving inverse problems remains unclear. In this work, we propose a novel image denoising scheme via Residual Recovery using Reinforcement Learning, dubbed R3L. We show that R3L is equivalent to a deep recurrent neural network that is trained using a stochastic reward, in contrast to many popular denoisers using supervised learning with deterministic losses. To benchmark the effectiveness of reinforcement learning in R3L, we train a recurrent neural network with the same architecture for residual recovery using the deterministic loss, thus to analyze how the two different training strategies affect the denoising performance. With such a unified benchmarking system, we demonstrate that the proposed R3L has better generalizability and robustness in image denoising when the estimated noise level varies, comparing to its counterparts using deterministic training, as well as various state-of-the-art image denoising algorithms.      
### 88.TransAttUnet: Multi-level Attention-guided U-Net with Transformer for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05274.pdf)
>  With the development of deep encoder-decoder architectures and large-scale annotated medical datasets, great progress has been achieved in the development of automatic medical image segmentation. Due to the stacking of convolution layers and the consecutive sampling operations, existing standard models inevitably encounter the information recession problem of feature representations, which fails to fully model the global contextual feature dependencies. To overcome the above challenges, this paper proposes a novel Transformer based medical image semantic segmentation framework called TransAttUnet, in which the multi-level guided attention and multi-scale skip connection are jointly designed to effectively enhance the functionality and flexibility of traditional U-shaped architecture. Inspired by Transformer, a novel self-aware attention (SAA) module with both Transformer Self Attention (TSA) and Global Spatial Attention (GSA) is incorporated into TransAttUnet to effectively learn the non-local interactions between encoder features. In particular, we also establish additional multi-scale skip connections between decoder blocks to aggregate the different semantic-scale upsampling features. In this way, the representation ability of multi-scale context information is strengthened to generate discriminative features. Benefitting from these complementary components, the proposed TransAttUnet can effectively alleviate the loss of fine details caused by the information recession problem, improving the diagnostic sensitivity and segmentation quality of medical image analysis. Extensive experiments on multiple medical image segmentation datasets of different imaging demonstrate that our method consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 89.Prb-GAN: A Probabilistic Framework for GAN Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05241.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are very popular to generate realistic images, but they often suffer from the training instability issues and the phenomenon of mode loss. In order to attain greater diversity in GAN synthesized data, it is critical to solving the problem of mode loss. Our work explores probabilistic approaches to GAN modelling that could allow us to tackle these issues. We present Prb-GANs, a new variation that uses dropout to create a distribution over the network parameters with the posterior learnt using variational inference. We describe theoretically and validate experimentally using simple and complex datasets the benefits of such an approach. We look into further improvements using the concept of uncertainty measures. Through a set of further modifications to the loss functions for each network of the GAN, we are able to get results that show the improvement of GAN performance. Our methods are extremely simple and require very little modification to existing GAN architecture.      
### 90.Deep-learning-based Hyperspectral imaging through a RGB camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05190.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) contains both spatial pattern and spectral information which has been widely used in food safety, remote sensing, and medical detection. However, the acquisition of hyperspectral images is usually costly due to the complicated apparatus for the acquisition of optical spectrum. Recently, it has been reported that HSI can be reconstructed from single RGB image using convolution neural network (CNN) algorithms. Compared with the traditional hyperspectral cameras, the method based on CNN algorithms is simple, portable and low cost. In this study, we focused on the influence of the RGB camera spectral sensitivity (CSS) on the HSI. A Xenon lamp incorporated with a monochromator were used as the standard light source to calibrate the CSS. And the experimental results show that the CSS plays a significant role in the reconstruction accuracy of an HSI. In addition, we proposed a new HSI reconstruction network where the dimensional structure of the original hyperspectral datacube was modified by 3D matrix transpose to improve the reconstruction accuracy.      
### 91.eGHWT: The extended Generalized Haar-Walsh Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05121.pdf)
>  Extending computational harmonic analysis tools from the classical setting of regular lattices to the more general setting of graphs and networks is very important and much research has been done recently. The Generalized Haar-Walsh Transform (GHWT) developed by Irion and Saito (2014) is a multiscale transform for signals on graphs, which is a generalization of the classical Haar and Walsh-Hadamard Transforms. We propose the extended Generalized Haar-Walsh Transform (eGHWT), which is a generalization of the adapted time-frequency tilings of Thiele and Villemoes (1996). The eGHWT examines not only the efficiency of graph-domain partitions but also that of "sequency-domain" partitions simultaneously. Consequently, the eGHWT and its associated best-basis selection algorithm for graph signals significantly improve the performance of the previous GHWT with the similar computational cost, $O(N \log N)$, where $N$ is the number of nodes of an input graph. While the GHWT best-basis algorithm seeks the most suitable orthonormal basis for a given task among more than $(1.5)^N$ possible orthonormal bases in $\mathbb{R}^N$, the eGHWT best-basis algorithm can find a better one by searching through more than $0.618\cdot(1.84)^N$ possible orthonormal bases in $\mathbb{R}^N$. This article describes the details of the eGHWT best-basis algorithm and demonstrates its superiority using several examples including genuine graph signals as well as conventional digital images viewed as graph signals. Furthermore, we also show how the eGHWT can be extended to 2D signals and matrix-form data by viewing them as a tensor product of graphs generated from their columns and rows and demonstrate its effectiveness on applications such as image approximation.      
### 92.Details Preserving Deep Collaborative Filtering-Based Method for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05115.pdf)
>  In spite of the improvements achieved by the several denoising algorithms over the years, many of them still fail at preserving the fine details of the image after denoising. This is as a result of the smooth-out effect they have on the images. Most neural network-based algorithms have achieved better quantitative performance than the classical denoising algorithms. However, they also suffer from qualitative (visual) performance as a result of the smooth-out effect. In this paper, we propose an algorithm to address this shortcoming. We propose a deep collaborative filtering-based (Deep-CoFiB) algorithm for image denoising. This algorithm performs collaborative denoising of image patches in the sparse domain using a set of optimized neural network models. This results in a fast algorithm that is able to excellently obtain a trade-off between noise removal and details preservation. Extensive experiments show that the DeepCoFiB performed quantitatively (in terms of PSNR and SSIM) and qualitatively (visually) better than many of the state-of-the-art denoising algorithms.      
### 93.BrainNNExplainer: An Interpretable Graph Neural Network Framework for Brain Network based Disease Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05097.pdf)
>  Interpretable brain network models for disease prediction are of great value for the advancement of neuroscience. GNNs are promising to model complicated network data, but they are prone to overfitting and suffer from poor interpretability, which prevents their usage in decision-critical scenarios like healthcare. To bridge this gap, we propose BrainNNExplainer, an interpretable GNN framework for brain network analysis. It is mainly composed of two jointly learned modules: a backbone prediction model that is specifically designed for brain networks and an explanation generator that highlights disease-specific prominent brain network connections. Extensive experimental results with visualizations on two challenging disease prediction datasets demonstrate the unique interpretability and outstanding performance of BrainNNExplainer.      
### 94.Remote Blood Oxygen Estimation From Videos Using Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05087.pdf)
>  Blood oxygen saturation (SpO$_2$) is an essential indicator of respiratory functionality and is receiving increasing attention during the COVID-19 pandemic. Clinical findings show that it is possible for COVID-19 patients to have significantly low SpO$_2$ before any obvious symptoms. The prevalence of cameras has motivated researchers to investigate methods for monitoring SpO$_2$ using videos. Most prior schemes involving smartphones are contact-based: They require a fingertip to cover the phone's camera and the nearby light source to capture re-emitted light from the illuminated tissue. In this paper, we propose the first convolutional neural network based noncontact SpO$_2$ estimation scheme using smartphone cameras. The scheme analyzes the videos of a participant's hand for physiological sensing, which is convenient and comfortable, and can protect their privacy and allow for keeping face masks on. We design our neural network architectures inspired by the optophysiological models for SpO$_2$ measurement and demonstrate the explainability by visualizing the weights for channel combination. Our proposed models outperform the state-of-the-art model that is designed for contact-based SpO$_2$ measurement, showing the potential of our proposed method to contribute to public health. We also analyze the impact of skin type and the side of a hand on SpO$_2$ estimation performance.      
### 95.Effect of Input Size on the Classification of Lung Nodules Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05085.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that lung cancer screening using annual low-dose computed tomography (CT) reduces lung cancer mortality by 20% compared to traditional chest radiography. Therefore, CT lung screening has started to be used widely all across the world. However, analyzing these images is a serious burden for radiologists. The number of slices in a CT scan can be up to 600. Therefore, computer-aided-detection (CAD) systems are very important for faster and more accurate assessment of the data. In this study, we proposed a framework that analyzes CT lung screenings using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to reduce false positives. We trained our model with different volume sizes and showed that volume size plays a critical role in the performance of the system. We also used different fusions in order to show their power and effect on the overall accuracy. 3D CNNs were preferred over 2D CNNs because 2D convolutional operations applied to 3D data could result in information loss. The proposed framework has been tested on the dataset provided by the LUNA16 Challenge and resulted in a sensitivity of 0.831 at 1 false positive per scan.      
### 96.NeoUNet: Towards accurate colon polyp segmentation and neoplasm detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.05023.pdf)
>  Automatic polyp segmentation has proven to be immensely helpful for endoscopy procedures, reducing the missing rate of adenoma detection for endoscopists while increasing efficiency. However, classifying a polyp as being neoplasm or not and segmenting it at the pixel level is still a challenging task for doctors to perform in a limited time. In this work, we propose a fine-grained formulation for the polyp segmentation problem. Our formulation aims to not only segment polyp regions, but also identify those at high risk of malignancy with high accuracy. In addition, we present a UNet-based neural network architecture called NeoUNet, along with a hybrid loss function to solve this problem. Experiments show highly competitive results for NeoUNet on our benchmark dataset compared to existing polyp segmentation models.      
### 97.Non-linear Visual Knowledge Discovery with Elliptic Paired Coordinates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04974.pdf)
>  It is challenging for humans to enable visual knowledge discovery in data with more than 2-3 dimensions with a naked eye. This chapter explores the efficiency of discovering predictive machine learning models interactively using new Elliptic Paired coordinates (EPC) visualizations. It is shown that EPC are capable to visualize multidimensional data and support visual machine learning with preservation of multidimensional information in 2-D. Relative to parallel and radial coordinates, EPC visualization requires only a half of the visual elements for each n-D point. An interactive software system EllipseVis, which is developed in this work, processes high-dimensional datasets, creates EPC visualizations, and produces predictive classification models by discovering dominance rules in EPC. By using interactive and automatic processes it discovers zones in EPC with a high dominance of a single class. The EPC methodology has been successful in discovering non-linear predictive models with high coverage and precision in the computational experiments. This can benefit multiple domains by producing visually appealing dominance rules. This chapter presents results of successful testing the EPC non-linear methodology in experiments using real and simulated data, EPC generalized to the Dynamic Elliptic Paired Coordinates (DEPC), incorporation of the weights of coordinates to optimize the visual discovery, introduction of an alternative EPC design and introduction of the concept of incompact machine learning methodology based on EPC/DEPC.      
### 98.Deep Geometric Distillation Network for Compressive Sensing MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04943.pdf)
>  Compressed sensing (CS) is an efficient method to reconstruct MR image from small sampled data in $k$-space and accelerate the acquisition of MRI. In this work, we propose a novel deep geometric distillation network which combines the merits of model-based and deep learning-based CS-MRI methods, it can be theoretically guaranteed to improve geometric texture details of a linear reconstruction. Firstly, we unfold the model-based CS-MRI optimization problem into two sub-problems that consist of image linear approximation and image geometric compensation. Secondly, geometric compensation sub-problem for distilling lost texture details in approximation stage can be expanded by Taylor expansion to design a geometric distillation module fusing features of different geometric characteristic domains. Additionally, we use a learnable version with adaptive initialization of the step-length parameter, which allows model more flexibility that can lead to convergent smoothly. Numerical experiments verify its superiority over other state-of-the-art CS-MRI reconstruction approaches. The source code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fanxiaohong/Deep-Geometric-Distillation-Network-for-CS-MRI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 99.TeliNet, a simple and shallow Convolution Neural Network (CNN) to Classify CT Scans of COVID-19 patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04930.pdf)
>  Hundreds of millions of cases and millions of deaths have occurred worldwide due to COVID-19. The fight against this pandemic is on-going on multiple fronts. While vaccinations are picking up speed, there are still billions of unvaccinated people. In this fight diagnosis of the disease and isolation of the patients to prevent any spreads play a huge role. Machine Learning approaches have assisted the diagnosis of COVID-19 cases by analyzing chest X-ray and CT-scan images of patients. In this research we present a simple and shallow Convolutional Neural Network based approach, TeliNet, to classify CT-scan images of COVID-19 patients. Our results outperform the F1 score of VGGNet and the benchmark approaches. Our proposed solution is also more lightweight in comparison to the other methods.      
### 100.Feature-based Event Stereo Visual Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04921.pdf)
>  Event-based cameras are biologically inspired sensors that output events, i.e., asynchronous pixel-wise brightness changes in the scene. Their high dynamic range and temporal resolution of a microsecond makes them more reliable than standard cameras in environments of challenging illumination and in high-speed scenarios, thus developing odometry algorithms based solely on event cameras offers exciting new possibilities for autonomous systems and robots. In this paper, we propose a novel stereo visual odometry method for event cameras based on feature detection and matching with careful feature management, while pose estimation is done by reprojection error minimization. We evaluate the performance of the proposed method on two publicly available datasets: MVSEC sequences captured by an indoor flying drone and DSEC outdoor driving sequences. MVSEC offers accurate ground truth from motion capture, while for DSEC, which does not offer ground truth, in order to obtain a reference trajectory on the standard camera frames we used our SOFT visual odometry, one of the highest ranking algorithms on the KITTI scoreboards. We compared our method to the ESVO method, which is the first and still the only stereo event odometry method, showing on par performance on the MVSEC sequences, while on the DSEC dataset ESVO, unlike our method, was unable to handle outdoor driving scenario with default parameters. Furthermore, two important advantages of our method over ESVO are that it adapts tracking frequency to the asynchronous event rate and does not require initialization.      
### 101.SynPick: A Dataset for Dynamic Bin Picking Scene Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04852.pdf)
>  We present SynPick, a synthetic dataset for dynamic scene understanding in bin-picking scenarios. In contrast to existing datasets, our dataset is both situated in a realistic industrial application domain -- inspired by the well-known Amazon Robotics Challenge (ARC) -- and features dynamic scenes with authentic picking actions as chosen by our picking heuristic developed for the ARC 2017. The dataset is compatible with the popular BOP dataset format. We describe the dataset generation process in detail, including object arrangement generation and manipulation simulation using the NVIDIA PhysX physics engine. To cover a large action space, we perform untargeted and targeted picking actions, as well as random moving actions. To establish a baseline for object perception, a state-of-the-art pose estimation approach is evaluated on the dataset. We demonstrate the usefulness of tracking poses during manipulation instead of single-shot estimation even with a naive filtering approach. The generator source code and dataset are publicly available.      
### 102.Weaving Attention U-net: A Novel Hybrid CNN and Attention-based Method for Organs-at-risk Segmentation in Head and Neck CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04847.pdf)
>  In radiotherapy planning, manual contouring is labor-intensive and time-consuming. Accurate and robust automated segmentation models improve the efficiency and treatment outcome. We aim to develop a novel hybrid deep learning approach, combining convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and the self-attention mechanism, for rapid and accurate multi-organ segmentation on head and neck computed tomography (CT) images. Head and neck CT images with manual contours of 115 patients were retrospectively collected and used. We set the training/validation/testing ratio to 81/9/25 and used the 10-fold cross-validation strategy to select the best model parameters. The proposed hybrid model segmented ten organs-at-risk (OARs) altogether for each case. The performance of the model was evaluated by three metrics, i.e., the Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC), Hausdorff distance 95% (HD95), and mean surface distance (MSD). We also tested the performance of the model on the Head and Neck 2015 challenge dataset and compared it against several state-of-the-art automated segmentation algorithms. The proposed method generated contours that closely resemble the ground truth for ten OARs. Our results of the new Weaving Attention U-net demonstrate superior or similar performance on the segmentation of head and neck CT images.      
### 103.Identifying Layers Susceptible to Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04827.pdf)
>  Common neural network architectures are susceptible to attack by adversarial samples. Neural network architectures are commonly thought of as divided into low-level feature extraction layers and high-level classification layers; susceptibility of networks to adversarial samples is often thought of as a problem related to classification rather than feature extraction. We test this idea by selectively retraining different portions of VGG and ResNet architectures on CIFAR-10, Imagenette and ImageNet using non-adversarial and adversarial data. Our experimental results show that susceptibility to adversarial samples is associated with low-level feature extraction layers. Therefore, retraining high-level layers is insufficient for achieving robustness. This phenomenon could have two explanations: either, adversarial attacks yield outputs from early layers that are indistinguishable from features found in the attack classes, or adversarial attacks yield outputs from early layers that differ statistically from features for non-adversarial samples and do not permit consistent classification by subsequent layers. We test this question by large-scale non-linear dimensionality reduction and density modeling on distributions of feature vectors in hidden layers and find that the feature distributions between non-adversarial and adversarial samples differ substantially. Our results provide new insights into the statistical origins of adversarial samples and possible defenses.      
### 104.BSDA-Net: A Boundary Shape and Distance Aware Joint Learning Framework for Segmenting and Classifying OCTA Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04823.pdf)
>  Optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA) is a novel non-invasive imaging technique that allows visualizations of vasculature and foveal avascular zone (FAZ) across retinal layers. Clinical researches suggest that the morphology and contour irregularity of FAZ are important biomarkers of various ocular pathologies. Therefore, precise segmentation of FAZ has great clinical interest. Also, there is no existing research reporting that FAZ features can improve the performance of deep diagnostic classification networks. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-level boundary shape and distance aware joint learning framework, named BSDA-Net, for FAZ segmentation and diagnostic classification from OCTA images. Two auxiliary branches, namely boundary heatmap regression and signed distance map reconstruction branches, are constructed in addition to the segmentation branch to improve the segmentation performance, resulting in more accurate FAZ contours and fewer outliers. Moreover, both low-level and high-level features from the aforementioned three branches, including shape, size, boundary, and signed directional distance map of FAZ, are fused hierarchically with features from the diagnostic classifier. Through extensive experiments, the proposed BSDA-Net is found to yield state-of-the-art segmentation and classification results on the OCTA-500, OCTAGON, and FAZID datasets.      
### 105.COVID Detection in Chest CTs: Improving the Baseline on COV19-CT-DB  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04808.pdf)
>  The paper presents a comparative analysis of three distinct approaches based on deep learning for COVID-19 detection in chest CTs. The first approach is a volumetric one, involving 3D convolutions, while the other two approaches perform at first slice-wise classification and then aggregate the results at the volume level. The experiments are carried on the COV19-CT-DB dataset, with the aim of addressing the challenge raised by the MIA-COV19D Competition within ICCV 2021. Our best results on the validation subset reach a macro-F1 score of 0.92, which improves considerably the baseline score of 0.70 set by the organizers.      
### 106.Semi-Supervised Learning with Multi-Head Co-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04795.pdf)
>  Co-training, extended from self-training, is one of the frameworks for semi-supervised learning. It works at the cost of training extra classifiers, where the algorithm should be delicately designed to prevent individual classifiers from collapsing into each other. In this paper, we present a simple and efficient co-training algorithm, named Multi-Head Co-Training, for semi-supervised image classification. By integrating base learners into a multi-head structure, the model is in a minimal amount of extra parameters. Every classification head in the unified model interacts with its peers through a "Weak and Strong Augmentation" strategy, achieving single-view co-training without promoting diversity explicitly. The effectiveness of Multi-Head Co-Training is demonstrated in an empirical study on standard semi-supervised learning benchmarks.      
### 107.DualVGR: A Dual-Visual Graph Reasoning Unit for Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04768.pdf)
>  Video question answering is a challenging task, which requires agents to be able to understand rich video contents and perform spatial-temporal reasoning. However, existing graph-based methods fail to perform multi-step reasoning well, neglecting two properties of VideoQA: (1) Even for the same video, different questions may require different amount of video clips or objects to infer the answer with relational reasoning; (2) During reasoning, appearance and motion features have complicated interdependence which are correlated and complementary to each other. Based on these observations, we propose a Dual-Visual Graph Reasoning Unit (DualVGR) which reasons over videos in an end-to-end fashion. The first contribution of our DualVGR is the design of an explainable Query Punishment Module, which can filter out irrelevant visual features through multiple cycles of reasoning. The second contribution is the proposed Video-based Multi-view Graph Attention Network, which captures the relations between appearance and motion features. Our DualVGR network achieves state-of-the-art performance on the benchmark MSVD-QA and SVQA datasets, and demonstrates competitive results on benchmark MSRVTT-QA datasets. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MMIR/DualVGR-VideoQA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 108.U-Net with Hierarchical Bottleneck Attention for Landmark Detection in Fundus Images of the Degenerated Retina  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04721.pdf)
>  Fundus photography has routinely been used to document the presence and severity of retinal degenerative diseases such as age-related macular degeneration (AMD), glaucoma, and diabetic retinopathy (DR) in clinical practice, for which the fovea and optic disc (OD) are important retinal landmarks. However, the occurrence of lesions, drusen, and other retinal abnormalities during retinal degeneration severely complicates automatic landmark detection and segmentation. Here we propose HBA-U-Net: a U-Net backbone enriched with hierarchical bottleneck attention. The network consists of a novel bottleneck attention block that combines and refines self-attention, channel attention, and relative-position attention to highlight retinal abnormalities that may be important for fovea and OD segmentation in the degenerated retina. HBA-U-Net achieved state-of-the-art results on fovea detection across datasets and eye conditions (ADAM: Euclidean Distance (ED) of 25.4 pixels, REFUGE: 32.5 pixels, IDRiD: 32.1 pixels), on OD segmentation for AMD (ADAM: Dice Coefficient (DC) of 0.947), and on OD detection for DR (IDRiD: ED of 20.5 pixels). Our results suggest that HBA-U-Net may be well suited for landmark detection in the presence of a variety of retinal degenerative diseases.      
### 109.A Topological-Framework to Improve Analysis of Machine Learning Model Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04714.pdf)
>  As both machine learning models and the datasets on which they are evaluated have grown in size and complexity, the practice of using a few summary statistics to understand model performance has become increasingly problematic. This is particularly true in real-world scenarios where understanding model failure on certain subpopulations of the data is of critical importance. In this paper we propose a topological framework for evaluating machine learning models in which a dataset is treated as a "space" on which a model operates. This provides us with a principled way to organize information about model performance at both the global level (over the entire test set) and also the local level (on specific subpopulations). Finally, we describe a topological data structure, presheaves, which offer a convenient way to store and analyze model performance between different subpopulations.      
### 110.Automated Graph Learning via Population Based Self-Tuning GCN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04713.pdf)
>  Owing to the remarkable capability of extracting effective graph embeddings, graph convolutional network (GCN) and its variants have been successfully applied to a broad range of tasks, such as node classification, link prediction, and graph classification. Traditional GCN models suffer from the issues of overfitting and oversmoothing, while some recent techniques like DropEdge could alleviate these issues and thus enable the development of deep GCN. However, training GCN models is non-trivial, as it is sensitive to the choice of hyperparameters such as dropout rate and learning weight decay, especially for deep GCN models. In this paper, we aim to automate the training of GCN models through hyperparameter optimization. To be specific, we propose a self-tuning GCN approach with an alternate training algorithm, and further extend our approach by incorporating the population based training scheme. Experimental results on three benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approaches on optimizing multi-layer GCN, compared with several representative baselines.      
### 111.InfoVAEGAN : learning joint interpretable representations by information maximization and maximum likelihood  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04705.pdf)
>  Learning disentangled and interpretable representations is an important step towards accomplishing comprehensive data representations on the manifold. In this paper, we propose a novel representation learning algorithm which combines the inference abilities of Variational Autoencoders (VAE) with the generalization capability of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN). The proposed model, called InfoVAEGAN, consists of three networks~: Encoder, Generator and Discriminator. InfoVAEGAN aims to jointly learn discrete and continuous interpretable representations in an unsupervised manner by using two different data-free log-likelihood functions onto the variables sampled from the generator's distribution. We propose a two-stage algorithm for optimizing the inference network separately from the generator training. Moreover, we enforce the learning of interpretable representations through the maximization of the mutual information between the existing latent variables and those created through generative and inference processes.      
### 112.Lifelong Mixture of Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04694.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an end-to-end lifelong learning mixture of experts. Each expert is implemented by a Variational Autoencoder (VAE). The experts in the mixture system are jointly trained by maximizing a mixture of individual component evidence lower bounds (MELBO) on the log-likelihood of the given training samples. The mixing coefficients in the mixture, control the contributions of each expert in the goal representation. These are sampled from a Dirichlet distribution whose parameters are determined through non-parametric estimation during lifelong learning. The model can learn new tasks fast when these are similar to those previously learnt. The proposed Lifelong mixture of VAE (L-MVAE) expands its architecture with new components when learning a completely new task. After the training, our model can automatically determine the relevant expert to be used when fed with new data samples. This mechanism benefits both the memory efficiency and the required computational cost as only one expert is used during the inference. The L-MVAE inference model is able to perform interpolation in the joint latent space across the data domains associated with different tasks and is shown to be efficient for disentangled learning representation.      
### 113.Lifelong Teacher-Student Network Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.04689.pdf)
>  A unique cognitive capability of humans consists in their ability to acquire new knowledge and skills from a sequence of experiences. Meanwhile, artificial intelligence systems are good at learning only the last given task without being able to remember the databases learnt in the past. We propose a novel lifelong learning methodology by employing a Teacher-Student network framework. While the Student module is trained with a new given database, the Teacher module would remind the Student about the information learnt in the past. The Teacher, implemented by a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN), is trained to preserve and replay past knowledge corresponding to the probabilistic representations of previously learn databases. Meanwhile, the Student module is implemented by a Variational Autoencoder (VAE) which infers its latent variable representation from both the output of the Teacher module as well as from the newly available database. Moreover, the Student module is trained to capture both continuous and discrete underlying data representations across different domains. The proposed lifelong learning framework is applied in supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised training. The code is available~: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dtuzi123/Lifelong-Teacher-Student-Network-Learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 114.FibAR: Embedding Optical Fibers in 3D Printed Objects for Active Markers in Dynamic Projection Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.02159.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel active marker for dynamic projection mapping (PM) that emits a temporal blinking pattern of infrared (IR) light representing its ID. We used a multi-material three dimensional (3D) printer to fabricate a projection object with optical fibers that can guide IR light from LEDs attached on the bottom of the object. The aperture of an optical fiber is typically very small; thus, it is unnoticeable to human observers under projection and can be placed on a strongly curved part of a projection surface. In addition, the working range of our system can be larger than previous marker-based methods as the blinking patterns can theoretically be recognized by a camera placed at a wide range of distances from markers. We propose an automatic marker placement algorithm to spread multiple active markers over the surface of a projection object such that its pose can be robustly estimated using captured images from arbitrary directions. We also propose an optimization framework for determining the routes of the optical fibers in such a way that collisions of the fibers can be avoided while minimizing the loss of light intensity in the fibers. Through experiments conducted using three fabricated objects containing strongly curved surfaces, we confirmed that the proposed method can achieve accurate dynamic PMs in a significantly wide working range.      
