# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 30 Jul 2021
### 1.Learning with Noisy Labels for Robust Point Cloud Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14230.pdf)
>  Point cloud segmentation is a fundamental task in 3D. Despite recent progress on point cloud segmentation with the power of deep networks, current deep learning methods based on the clean label assumptions may fail with noisy labels. Yet, object class labels are often mislabeled in real-world point cloud datasets. In this work, we take the lead in solving this issue by proposing a novel Point Noise-Adaptive Learning (PNAL) framework. Compared to existing noise-robust methods on image tasks, our PNAL is noise-rate blind, to cope with the spatially variant noise rate problem specific to point clouds. Specifically, we propose a novel point-wise confidence selection to obtain reliable labels based on the historical predictions of each point. A novel cluster-wise label correction is proposed with a voting strategy to generate the best possible label taking the neighbor point correlations into consideration. We conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of PNAL on both synthetic and real-world noisy datasets. In particular, even with $60\%$ symmetric noisy labels, our proposed method produces much better results than its baseline counterpart without PNAL and is comparable to the ideal upper bound trained on a completely clean dataset. Moreover, we fully re-labeled the test set of a popular but noisy real-world scene dataset ScanNetV2 to make it clean, for rigorous experiment and future research. Our code and data will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://shuquanye.com/PNAL_website/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 2.Guided Disentanglement in Generative Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14229.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation (i2i) networks suffer from entanglement effects in presence of physics-related phenomena in target domain (such as occlusions, fog, etc), thus lowering the translation quality and variability. In this paper, we present a comprehensive method for disentangling physics-based traits in the translation, guiding the learning process with neural or physical models. For the latter, we integrate adversarial estimation and genetic algorithms to correctly achieve disentanglement. The results show our approach dramatically increase performances in many challenging scenarios for image translation.      
### 3.Open-World Entity Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14228.pdf)
>  We introduce a new image segmentation task, termed Entity Segmentation (ES) with the aim to segment all visual entities in an image without considering semantic category labels. It has many practical applications in image manipulation/editing where the segmentation mask quality is typically crucial but category labels are less important. In this setting, all semantically-meaningful segments are equally treated as categoryless entities and there is no thing-stuff distinction. Based on our unified entity representation, we propose a center-based entity segmentation framework with two novel modules to improve mask quality. Experimentally, both our new task and framework demonstrate superior advantages as against existing work. In particular, ES enables the following: (1) merging multiple datasets to form a large training set without the need to resolve label conflicts; (2) any model trained on one dataset can generalize exceptionally well to other datasets with unseen domains. Our code is made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dvlab-research/Entity" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Rethinking and Improving Relative Position Encoding for Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14222.pdf)
>  Relative position encoding (RPE) is important for transformer to capture sequence ordering of input tokens. General efficacy has been proven in natural language processing. However, in computer vision, its efficacy is not well studied and even remains controversial, e.g., whether relative position encoding can work equally well as absolute position? In order to clarify this, we first review existing relative position encoding methods and analyze their pros and cons when applied in vision transformers. We then propose new relative position encoding methods dedicated to 2D images, called image RPE (iRPE). Our methods consider directional relative distance modeling as well as the interactions between queries and relative position embeddings in self-attention mechanism. The proposed iRPE methods are simple and lightweight. They can be easily plugged into transformer blocks. Experiments demonstrate that solely due to the proposed encoding methods, DeiT and DETR obtain up to 1.5% (top-1 Acc) and 1.3% (mAP) stable improvements over their original versions on ImageNet and COCO respectively, without tuning any extra hyperparameters such as learning rate and weight decay. Our ablation and analysis also yield interesting findings, some of which run counter to previous understanding. Code and models are open-sourced at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/Cream/tree/main/iRPE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.A Unified Efficient Pyramid Transformer for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14209.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a challenging problem due to difficulties in modeling context in complex scenes and class confusions along boundaries. Most literature either focuses on context modeling or boundary refinement, which is less generalizable in open-world scenarios. In this work, we advocate a unified framework(UN-EPT) to segment objects by considering both context information and boundary artifacts. We first adapt a sparse sampling strategy to incorporate the transformer-based attention mechanism for efficient context modeling. In addition, a separate spatial branch is introduced to capture image details for boundary refinement. The whole model can be trained in an end-to-end manner. We demonstrate promising performance on three popular benchmarks for semantic segmentation with low memory footprint. Code will be released soon.      
### 6.Personalized Trajectory Prediction via Distribution Discrimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14204.pdf)
>  Trajectory prediction is confronted with the dilemma to capture the multi-modal nature of future dynamics with both diversity and accuracy. In this paper, we present a distribution discrimination (DisDis) method to predict personalized motion patterns by distinguishing the potential distributions. Motivated by that the motion pattern of each person is personalized due to his/her habit, our DisDis learns the latent distribution to represent different motion patterns and optimize it by the contrastive discrimination. This distribution discrimination encourages latent distributions to be more discriminative. Our method can be integrated with existing multi-modal stochastic predictive models as a plug-and-play module to learn the more discriminative latent distribution. To evaluate the latent distribution, we further propose a new metric, probability cumulative minimum distance (PCMD) curve, which cumulatively calculates the minimum distance on the sorted probabilities. Experimental results on the ETH and UCY datasets show the effectiveness of our method.      
### 7.Human Trajectory Prediction via Counterfactual Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14202.pdf)
>  Forecasting human trajectories in complex dynamic environments plays a critical role in autonomous vehicles and intelligent robots. Most existing methods learn to predict future trajectories by behavior clues from history trajectories and interaction clues from environments. However, the inherent bias between training and deployment environments is ignored. Hence, we propose a counterfactual analysis method for human trajectory prediction to investigate the causality between the predicted trajectories and input clues and alleviate the negative effects brought by environment bias. We first build a causal graph for trajectory forecasting with history trajectory, future trajectory, and the environment interactions. Then, we cut off the inference from environment to trajectory by constructing the counterfactual intervention on the trajectory itself. Finally, we compare the factual and counterfactual trajectory clues to alleviate the effects of environment bias and highlight the trajectory clues. Our counterfactual analysis is a plug-and-play module that can be applied to any baseline prediction methods including RNN- and CNN-based ones. We show that our method achieves consistent improvement for different baselines and obtains the state-of-the-art results on public pedestrian trajectory forecasting benchmarks.      
### 8.Feature Importance-aware Transferable Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14185.pdf)
>  Transferability of adversarial examples is of central importance for attacking an unknown model, which facilitates adversarial attacks in more practical scenarios, e.g., blackbox attacks. Existing transferable attacks tend to craft adversarial examples by indiscriminately distorting features to degrade prediction accuracy in a source model without aware of intrinsic features of objects in the images. We argue that such brute-force degradation would introduce model-specific local optimum into adversarial examples, thus limiting the transferability. By contrast, we propose the Feature Importance-aware Attack (FIA), which disrupts important object-aware features that dominate model decisions consistently. More specifically, we obtain feature importance by introducing the aggregate gradient, which averages the gradients with respect to feature maps of the source model, computed on a batch of random transforms of the original clean image. The gradients will be highly correlated to objects of interest, and such correlation presents invariance across different models. Besides, the random transforms will preserve intrinsic features of objects and suppress model-specific information. Finally, the feature importance guides to search for adversarial examples towards disrupting critical features, achieving stronger transferability. Extensive experimental evaluation demonstrates the effectiveness and superior performance of the proposed FIA, i.e., improving the success rate by 8.4% against normally trained models and 11.7% against defense models as compared to the state-of-the-art transferable attacks. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hcguoO0/FIA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 9.ReFormer: The Relational Transformer for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14178.pdf)
>  Image captioning is shown to be able to achieve a better performance by using scene graphs to represent the relations of objects in the image. The current captioning encoders generally use a Graph Convolutional Net (GCN) to represent the relation information and merge it with the object region features via concatenation or convolution to get the final input for sentence decoding. However, the GCN-based encoders in the existing methods are less effective for captioning due to two reasons. First, using the image captioning as the objective (i.e., Maximum Likelihood Estimation) rather than a relation-centric loss cannot fully explore the potential of the encoder. Second, using a pre-trained model instead of the encoder itself to extract the relationships is not flexible and cannot contribute to the explainability of the model. To improve the quality of image captioning, we propose a novel architecture ReFormer -- a RElational transFORMER to generate features with relation information embedded and to explicitly express the pair-wise relationships between objects in the image. ReFormer incorporates the objective of scene graph generation with that of image captioning using one modified Transformer model. This design allows ReFormer to generate not only better image captions with the bene-fit of extracting strong relational image features, but also scene graphs to explicitly describe the pair-wise relation-ships. Experiments on publicly available datasets show that our model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on image captioning and scene graph generation      
### 10.Probabilistic and Geometric Depth: Detecting Objects in Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14160.pdf)
>  3D object detection is an important capability needed in various practical applications such as driver assistance systems. Monocular 3D detection, as an economical solution compared to conventional settings relying on binocular vision or LiDAR, has drawn increasing attention recently but still yields unsatisfactory results. This paper first presents a systematic study on this problem and observes that the current monocular 3D detection problem can be simplified as an instance depth estimation problem: The inaccurate instance depth blocks all the other 3D attribute predictions from improving the overall detection performance. However, recent methods directly estimate the depth based on isolated instances or pixels while ignoring the geometric relations across different objects, which can be valuable constraints as the key information about depth is not directly manifest in the monocular image. Therefore, we construct geometric relation graphs across predicted objects and use the graph to facilitate depth estimation. As the preliminary depth estimation of each instance is usually inaccurate in this ill-posed setting, we incorporate a probabilistic representation to capture the uncertainty. It provides an important indicator to identify confident predictions and further guide the depth propagation. Despite the simplicity of the basic idea, our method obtains significant improvements on KITTI and nuScenes benchmarks, achieving the 1st place out of all monocular vision-only methods while still maintaining real-time efficiency. Code and models will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection3d" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Semi-Supervised Active Learning with Temporal Output Discrepancy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14153.pdf)
>  While deep learning succeeds in a wide range of tasks, it highly depends on the massive collection of annotated data which is expensive and time-consuming. To lower the cost of data annotation, active learning has been proposed to interactively query an oracle to annotate a small proportion of informative samples in an unlabeled dataset. Inspired by the fact that the samples with higher loss are usually more informative to the model than the samples with lower loss, in this paper we present a novel deep active learning approach that queries the oracle for data annotation when the unlabeled sample is believed to incorporate high loss. The core of our approach is a measurement Temporal Output Discrepancy (TOD) that estimates the sample loss by evaluating the discrepancy of outputs given by models at different optimization steps. Our theoretical investigation shows that TOD lower-bounds the accumulated sample loss thus it can be used to select informative unlabeled samples. On basis of TOD, we further develop an effective unlabeled data sampling strategy as well as an unsupervised learning criterion that enhances model performance by incorporating the unlabeled data. Due to the simplicity of TOD, our active learning approach is efficient, flexible, and task-agnostic. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our approach achieves superior performances than the state-of-the-art active learning methods on image classification and semantic segmentation tasks.      
### 12.Mapping Vulnerable Populations with AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14123.pdf)
>  Humanitarian actions require accurate information to efficiently delegate support operations. Such information can be maps of building footprints, building functions, and population densities. While the access to this information is comparably easy in industrialized countries thanks to reliable census data and national geo-data infrastructures, this is not the case for developing countries, where that data is often incomplete or outdated. Building maps derived from remote sensing images may partially remedy this challenge in such countries, but are not always accurate due to different landscape configurations and lack of validation data. Even when they exist, building footprint layers usually do not reveal more fine-grained building properties, such as the number of stories or the building's function (e.g., office, residential, school, etc.). In this project we aim to automate building footprint and function mapping using heterogeneous data sources. In a first step, we intend to delineate buildings from satellite data, using deep learning models for semantic image segmentation. Building functions shall be retrieved by parsing social media data like for instance tweets, as well as ground-based imagery, to automatically identify different buildings functions and retrieve further information such as the number of building stories. Building maps augmented with those additional attributes make it possible to derive more accurate population density maps, needed to support the targeted provision of humanitarian aid.      
### 13.Fully-Automatic Pipeline for Document Signature Analysis to Detect Money Laundering Activities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14091.pdf)
>  Signatures present on corporate documents are often used in investigations of relationships between persons of interest, and prior research into the task of offline signature verification has evaluated a wide range of methods on standard signature datasets. However, such tasks often benefit from prior human supervision in the collection, adjustment and labelling of isolated signature images from which all real-world context has been removed. Signatures found in online document repositories such as the United Kingdom Companies House regularly contain high variation in location, size, quality and degrees of obfuscation under stamps. We propose an integrated pipeline of signature extraction and curation, with no human assistance from the obtaining of company documents to the clustering of individual signatures. We use a sequence of heuristic methods, convolutional neural networks, generative adversarial networks and convolutional Siamese networks for signature extraction, filtering, cleaning and embedding respectively. We evaluate both the effectiveness of the pipeline at matching obscured same-author signature pairs and the effectiveness of the entire pipeline against a human baseline for document signature analysis, as well as presenting uses for such a pipeline in the field of real-world anti-money laundering investigation.      
### 14.What Does TERRA-REF's High Resolution, Multi Sensor Plant Sensing Public Domain Data Offer the Computer Vision Community?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14072.pdf)
>  A core objective of the TERRA-REF project was to generate an open-access reference dataset for the study of evaluation of sensing technology to study plants under field conditions. The TERRA-REF program deployed a suite of high resolution, cutting edge technology sensors on a gantry system with the aim of scanning 1 hectare (~$10^4$ m) at around $1 mm^2$ spatial resolution multiple times per week. The system contains co-located sensors including a stereo-pair RGB camera, a thermal imager, a laser scanner to capture 3D structure, and two hyperspectral cameras covering wavelengths of 300-2500nm. This sensor data is provided alongside over sixty types of traditional plant measurements that can be used to train new machine learning models. Associated weather and environmental measurements, information about agronomic management and experimental design, and the genomic sequences of hundreds of plant varieties have been collected and are available alongside the sensor and plant trait (phenotype) data. <br>Over the course of four years and ten growing seasons, the TERRA-REF system generated over 1 PB of sensor data and almost 45 million files. The subset that has been released to the public domain accounts for two seasons and about half of the total data volume. This provides an unprecedented opportunity for investigations far beyond the core biological scope of the project. <br>This focus of this paper is to provide the Computer Vision and Machine Learning communities an overview of the available data and some potential applications of this one of a kind data.      
### 15.Machine Learning Advances aiding Recognition and Classification of Indian Monuments and Landmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14070.pdf)
>  Tourism in India plays a quintessential role in the country's economy with an estimated 9.2% GDP share for the year 2018. With a yearly growth rate of 6.2%, the industry holds a huge potential for being the primary driver of the economy as observed in the nations of the Middle East like the United Arab Emirates. The historical and cultural diversity exhibited throughout the geography of the nation is a unique spectacle for people around the world and therefore serves to attract tourists in tens of millions in number every year. Traditionally, tour guides or academic professionals who study these heritage monuments were responsible for providing information to the visitors regarding their architectural and historical significance. However, unfortunately this system has several caveats when considered on a large scale such as unavailability of sufficient trained people, lack of accurate information, failure to convey the richness of details in an attractive format etc. Recently, machine learning approaches revolving around the usage of monument pictures have been shown to be useful for rudimentary analysis of heritage sights. This paper serves as a survey of the research endeavors undertaken in this direction which would eventually provide insights for building an automated decision system that could be utilized to make the experience of tourism in India more modernized for visitors.      
### 16.The Need and Status of Sea Turtle Conservation and Survey of Associated Computer Vision Advances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14061.pdf)
>  For over hundreds of millions of years, sea turtles and their ancestors have swum in the vast expanses of the ocean. They have undergone a number of evolutionary changes, leading to speciation and sub-speciation. However, in the past few decades, some of the most notable forces driving the genetic variance and population decline have been global warming and anthropogenic impact ranging from large-scale poaching, collecting turtle eggs for food, besides dumping trash including plastic waste into the ocean. This leads to severe detrimental effects in the sea turtle population, driving them to extinction. This research focusses on the forces causing the decline in sea turtle population, the necessity for the global conservation efforts along with its successes and failures, followed by an in-depth analysis of the modern advances in detection and recognition of sea turtles, involving Machine Learning and Computer Vision systems, aiding the conservation efforts.      
### 17.Improvement of image classification by multiple optical scattering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14051.pdf)
>  Multiple optical scattering occurs when light propagates in a non-uniform medium. During the multiple scattering, images were distorted and the spatial information they carried became scrambled. However, the image information is not lost but presents in the form of speckle patterns (SPs). In this study, we built up an optical random scattering system based on an LCD and an RGB laser source. We found that the image classification can be improved by the help of random scattering which is considered as a feedforward neural network to extracts features from image. Along with the ridge classification deployed on computer, we achieved excellent classification accuracy higher than 94%, for a variety of data sets covering medical, agricultural, environmental protection and other fields. In addition, the proposed optical scattering system has the advantages of high speed, low power consumption, and miniaturization, which is suitable for deploying in edge computing applications.      
### 18.Improving Robustness and Accuracy via Relative Information Encoding in 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13994.pdf)
>  Most of the existing 3D human pose estimation approaches mainly focus on predicting 3D positional relationships between the root joint and other human joints (local motion) instead of the overall trajectory of the human body (global motion). Despite the great progress achieved by these approaches, they are not robust to global motion, and lack the ability to accurately predict local motion with a small movement range. To alleviate these two problems, we propose a relative information encoding method that yields positional and temporal enhanced representations. Firstly, we encode positional information by utilizing relative coordinates of 2D poses to enhance the consistency between the input and output distribution. The same posture with different absolute 2D positions can be mapped to a common representation. It is beneficial to resist the interference of global motion on the prediction results. Second, we encode temporal information by establishing the connection between the current pose and other poses of the same person within a period of time. More attention will be paid to the movement changes before and after the current pose, resulting in better prediction performance on local motion with a small movement range. The ablation studies validate the effectiveness of the proposed relative information encoding method. Besides, we introduce a multi-stage optimization method to the whole framework to further exploit the positional and temporal enhanced representations. Our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods on two public datasets. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/paTRICK-swk/Pose3D-RIE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Personalized Image Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13978.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation models trained on public datasets have achieved great success in recent years. However, these models didn't consider the personalization issue of segmentation though it is important in practice. In this paper, we address the problem of personalized image segmentation. The objective is to generate more accurate segmentation results on unlabeled personalized images by investigating the data's personalized traits. To open up future research in this area, we collect a large dataset containing various users' personalized images called PIS (Personalized Image Semantic Segmentation). We also survey some recent researches related to this problem and report their performance on our dataset. Furthermore, by observing the correlation among a user's personalized images, we propose a baseline method that incorporates the inter-image context when segmenting certain images. Extensive experiments show that our method outperforms the existing methods on the proposed dataset. The code and the PIS dataset will be made publicly available.      
### 20.Self-Supervised Learning for Fine-Grained Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13973.pdf)
>  Fine-grained image classification involves identifying different subcategories of a class which possess very subtle discriminatory features. Fine-grained datasets usually provide bounding box annotations along with class labels to aid the process of classification. However, building large scale datasets with such annotations is a mammoth task. Moreover, this extensive annotation is time-consuming and often requires expertise, which is a huge bottleneck in building large datasets. On the other hand, self-supervised learning (SSL) exploits the freely available data to generate supervisory signals which act as labels. The features learnt by performing some pretext tasks on huge unlabelled data proves to be very helpful for multiple downstream tasks. <br>Our idea is to leverage self-supervision such that the model learns useful representations of fine-grained image classes. We experimented with 3 kinds of models: Jigsaw solving as pretext task, adversarial learning (SRGAN) and contrastive learning based (SimCLR) model. The learned features are used for downstream tasks such as fine-grained image classification. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/rush2406/Self-Supervised-Learning-for-Fine-grained-Image-Classification" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 21.PPT Fusion: Pyramid Patch Transformerfor a Case Study in Image Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13967.pdf)
>  The Transformer architecture has achieved rapiddevelopment in recent years, outperforming the CNN archi-tectures in many computer vision tasks, such as the VisionTransformers (ViT) for image classification. However, existingvisual transformer models aim to extract semantic informationfor high-level tasks such as classification and detection, distortingthe spatial resolution of the input image, thus sacrificing thecapacity in reconstructing the input or generating high-resolutionimages. In this paper, therefore, we propose a Patch PyramidTransformer(PPT) to effectively address the above issues. Specif-ically, we first design a Patch Transformer to transform theimage into a sequence of patches, where transformer encodingis performed for each patch to extract local <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://representations.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> addition, we construct a Pyramid Transformer to effectivelyextract the non-local information from the entire image. Afterobtaining a set of multi-scale, multi-dimensional, and multi-anglefeatures of the original image, we design the image reconstructionnetwork to ensure that the features can be reconstructed intothe original input. To validate the effectiveness, we apply theproposed Patch Pyramid Transformer to the image fusion task.The experimental results demonstrate its superior performanceagainst the state-of-the-art fusion approaches, achieving the bestresults on several evaluation indicators. The underlying capacityof the PPT network is reflected by its universal power in featureextraction and image reconstruction, which can be directlyapplied to different image fusion tasks without redesigning orretraining the network.      
### 22.Why You Should Try the Real Data for the Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13938.pdf)
>  Recent works in the text recognition area have pushed forward the recognition results to the new horizons. But for a long time a lack of large human-labeled natural text recognition datasets has been forcing researchers to use synthetic data for training text recognition models. Even though synthetic datasets are very large (MJSynth and SynthTest, two most famous synthetic datasets, have several million images each), their diversity could be insufficient, compared to natural datasets like ICDAR and others. Fortunately, the recently released text-recognition annotation for OpenImages V5 dataset has comparable with synthetic dataset number of instances and more diverse examples. We have used this annotation with a Text Recognition head architecture from the Yet Another Mask Text Spotter and got comparable to the SOTA results. On some datasets we have even outperformed previous SOTA models. In this paper we also introduce a text recognition model. The model's code is available.      
### 23.Learning Geometry-Guided Depth via Projective Modeling for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13931.pdf)
>  As a crucial task of autonomous driving, 3D object detection has made great progress in recent years. However, monocular 3D object detection remains a challenging problem due to the unsatisfactory performance in depth estimation. Most existing monocular methods typically directly regress the scene depth while ignoring important relationships between the depth and various geometric elements (e.g. bounding box sizes, 3D object dimensions, and object poses). In this paper, we propose to learn geometry-guided depth estimation with projective modeling to advance monocular 3D object detection. Specifically, a principled geometry formula with projective modeling of 2D and 3D depth predictions in the monocular 3D object detection network is devised. We further implement and embed the proposed formula to enable geometry-aware deep representation learning, allowing effective 2D and 3D interactions for boosting the depth estimation. Moreover, we provide a strong baseline through addressing substantial misalignment between 2D annotation and projected boxes to ensure robust learning with the proposed geometric formula. Experiments on the KITTI dataset show that our method remarkably improves the detection performance of the state-of-the-art monocular-based method without extra data by 2.80% on the moderate test setting. The model and code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YinminZhang/MonoGeo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Cross-Camera Feature Prediction for Intra-Camera Supervised Person Re-identification across Distant Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13904.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (Re-ID) aims to match person images across non-overlapping camera views. The majority of Re-ID methods focus on small-scale surveillance systems in which each pedestrian is captured in different camera views of adjacent scenes. However, in large-scale surveillance systems that cover larger areas, it is required to track a pedestrian of interest across distant scenes (e.g., a criminal suspect escapes from one city to another). Since most pedestrians appear in limited local areas, it is difficult to collect training data with cross-camera pairs of the same person. In this work, we study intra-camera supervised person re-identification across distant scenes (ICS-DS Re-ID), which uses cross-camera unpaired data with intra-camera identity labels for training. It is challenging as cross-camera paired data plays a crucial role for learning camera-invariant features in most existing Re-ID methods. To learn camera-invariant representation from cross-camera unpaired training data, we propose a cross-camera feature prediction method to mine cross-camera self supervision information from camera-specific feature distribution by transforming fake cross-camera positive feature pairs and minimize the distances of the fake pairs. Furthermore, we automatically localize and extract local-level feature by a transformer. Joint learning of global-level and local-level features forms a global-local cross-camera feature prediction scheme for mining fine-grained cross-camera self supervision information. Finally, cross-camera self supervision and intra-camera supervision are aggregated in a framework. The experiments are conducted in the ICS-DS setting on Market-SCT, Duke-SCT and MSMT17-SCT datasets. The evaluation results demonstrate the superiority of our method, which gains significant improvements of 15.4 Rank-1 and 22.3 mAP on Market-SCT as compared to the second best method.      
### 25.VMNet: Voxel-Mesh Network for Geodesic-Aware 3D Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13824.pdf)
>  In recent years, sparse voxel-based methods have become the state-of-the-arts for 3D semantic segmentation of indoor scenes, thanks to the powerful 3D CNNs. Nevertheless, being oblivious to the underlying geometry, voxel-based methods suffer from ambiguous features on spatially close objects and struggle with handling complex and irregular geometries due to the lack of geodesic information. In view of this, we present Voxel-Mesh Network (VMNet), a novel 3D deep architecture that operates on the voxel and mesh representations leveraging both the Euclidean and geodesic information. Intuitively, the Euclidean information extracted from voxels can offer contextual cues representing interactions between nearby objects, while the geodesic information extracted from meshes can help separate objects that are spatially close but have disconnected surfaces. To incorporate such information from the two domains, we design an intra-domain attentive module for effective feature aggregation and an inter-domain attentive module for adaptive feature fusion. Experimental results validate the effectiveness of VMNet: specifically, on the challenging ScanNet dataset for large-scale segmentation of indoor scenes, it outperforms the state-of-the-art SparseConvNet and MinkowskiNet (74.6% vs 72.5% and 73.6% in mIoU) with a simpler network structure (17M vs 30M and 38M parameters). Code release: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hzykent/VMNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 26.From Continuity to Editability: Inverting GANs with Consecutive Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13812.pdf)
>  Existing GAN inversion methods are stuck in a paradox that the inverted codes can either achieve high-fidelity reconstruction, or retain the editing capability. Having only one of them clearly cannot realize real image editing. In this paper, we resolve this paradox by introducing consecutive images (\eg, video frames or the same person with different poses) into the inversion process. The rationale behind our solution is that the continuity of consecutive images leads to inherent editable directions. This inborn property is used for two unique purposes: 1) regularizing the joint inversion process, such that each of the inverted code is semantically accessible from one of the other and fastened in a editable domain; 2) enforcing inter-image coherence, such that the fidelity of each inverted code can be maximized with the complement of other images. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our alternative significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of reconstruction fidelity and editability on both the real image dataset and synthesis dataset. Furthermore, our method provides the first support of video-based GAN inversion, and an interesting application of unsupervised semantic transfer from consecutive images. Source code can be found at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Qingyang-Xu/InvertingGANs_with_ConsecutiveImgs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 27.FREE: Feature Refinement for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13807.pdf)
>  Generalized zero-shot learning (GZSL) has achieved significant progress, with many efforts dedicated to overcoming the problems of visual-semantic domain gap and seen-unseen bias. However, most existing methods directly use feature extraction models trained on ImageNet alone, ignoring the cross-dataset bias between ImageNet and GZSL benchmarks. Such a bias inevitably results in poor-quality visual features for GZSL tasks, which potentially limits the recognition performance on both seen and unseen classes. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective GZSL method, termed feature refinement for generalized zero-shot learning (FREE), to tackle the above problem. FREE employs a feature refinement (FR) module that incorporates \textit{semantic$\rightarrow$visual} mapping into a unified generative model to refine the visual features of seen and unseen class samples. Furthermore, we propose a self-adaptive margin center loss (SAMC-loss) that cooperates with a semantic cycle-consistency loss to guide FR to learn class- and semantically-relevant representations, and concatenate the features in FR to extract the fully refined features. Extensive experiments on five benchmark datasets demonstrate the significant performance gain of FREE over its baseline and current state-of-the-art methods. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shiming-chen/FREE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 28.RigNet: Repetitive Image Guided Network for Depth Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13802.pdf)
>  Depth completion deals with the problem of recovering dense depth maps from sparse ones, where color images are often used to facilitate this completion. Recent approaches mainly focus on image guided learning to predict dense results. However, blurry image guidance and object structures in depth still impede the performance of image guided frameworks. To tackle these problems, we explore a repetitive design in our image guided network to sufficiently and gradually recover depth values. Specifically, the repetition is embodied in a color image guidance branch and a depth generation branch. In the former branch, we design a repetitive hourglass network to extract higher-level image features of complex environments, which can provide powerful context guidance for depth prediction. In the latter branch, we design a repetitive guidance module based on dynamic convolution where the convolution factorization is applied to simultaneously reduce its complexity and progressively model high-frequency structures, e.g., boundaries. Further, in this module, we propose an adaptive fusion mechanism to effectively aggregate multi-step depth features. Extensive experiments show that our method achieves state-of-the-art result on the NYUv2 dataset and ranks 1st on the KITTI benchmark at the time of submission.      
### 29.CI-Net: Contextual Information for Joint Semantic Segmentation and Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13800.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation and semantic segmentation are two fundamental goals of scene understanding. Due to the advantages of task interaction, many works study the joint task learning algorithm. However, most existing methods fail to fully leverage the semantic labels, ignoring the provided context structures and only using them to supervise the prediction of segmentation split. In this paper, we propose a network injected with contextual information (CI-Net) to solve the problem. Specifically, we introduce self-attention block in the encoder to generate attention map. With supervision from the ground truth created by semantic labels, the network is embedded with contextual information so that it could understand the scene better, utilizing dependent features to make accurate prediction. Besides, a feature sharing module is constructed to make the task-specific features deeply fused and a consistency loss is devised to make the features mutually guided. We evaluate the proposed CI-Net on the NYU-Depth-v2 and SUN-RGBD datasets. The experimental results validate that our proposed CI-Net is competitive with the state-of-the-arts.      
### 30.Probabilistic Monocular 3D Human Pose Estimation with Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13788.pdf)
>  3D human pose estimation from monocular images is a highly ill-posed problem due to depth ambiguities and occlusions. Nonetheless, most existing works ignore these ambiguities and only estimate a single solution. In contrast, we generate a diverse set of hypotheses that represents the full posterior distribution of feasible 3D poses. To this end, we propose a normalizing flow based method that exploits the deterministic 3D-to-2D mapping to solve the ambiguous inverse 2D-to-3D problem. Additionally, uncertain detections and occlusions are effectively modeled by incorporating uncertainty information of the 2D detector as condition. Further keys to success are a learned 3D pose prior and a generalization of the best-of-M loss. We evaluate our approach on the two benchmark datasets Human3.6M and MPI-INF-3DHP, outperforming all comparable methods in most metrics. The implementation is available on GitHub.      
### 31.Generalizing Gaze Estimation with Outlier-guided Collaborative Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13780.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have significantly improved appearance-based gaze estimation accuracy. However, it still suffers from unsatisfactory performance when generalizing the trained model to new domains, e.g., unseen environments or persons. In this paper, we propose a plug-and-play gaze adaptation framework (PnP-GA), which is an ensemble of networks that learn collaboratively with the guidance of outliers. Since our proposed framework does not require ground-truth labels in the target domain, the existing gaze estimation networks can be directly plugged into PnP-GA and generalize the algorithms to new domains. We test PnP-GA on four gaze domain adaptation tasks, ETH-to-MPII, ETH-to-EyeDiap, Gaze360-to-MPII, and Gaze360-to-EyeDiap. The experimental results demonstrate that the PnP-GA framework achieves considerable performance improvements of 36.9%, 31.6%, 19.4%, and 11.8% over the baseline system. The proposed framework also outperforms the state-of-the-art domain adaptation approaches on gaze domain adaptation tasks. Code has been released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DreamtaleCore/PnP-GA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Geometry Uncertainty Projection Network for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13774.pdf)
>  Geometry Projection is a powerful depth estimation method in monocular 3D object detection. It estimates depth dependent on heights, which introduces mathematical priors into the deep model. But projection process also introduces the error amplification problem, in which the error of the estimated height will be amplified and reflected greatly at the output depth. This property leads to uncontrollable depth inferences and also damages the training efficiency. In this paper, we propose a Geometry Uncertainty Projection Network (GUP Net) to tackle the error amplification problem at both inference and training stages. Specifically, a GUP module is proposed to obtains the geometry-guided uncertainty of the inferred depth, which not only provides high reliable confidence for each depth but also benefits depth learning. Furthermore, at the training stage, we propose a Hierarchical Task Learning strategy to reduce the instability caused by error amplification. This learning algorithm monitors the learning situation of each task by a proposed indicator and adaptively assigns the proper loss weights for different tasks according to their pre-tasks situation. Based on that, each task starts learning only when its pre-tasks are learned well, which can significantly improve the stability and efficiency of the training process. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. The overall model can infer more reliable object depth than existing methods and outperforms the state-of-the-art image-based monocular 3D detectors by 3.74% and 4.7% AP40 of the car and pedestrian categories on the KITTI benchmark.      
### 33.Video Generation from Text Employing Latent Path Construction for Temporal Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13766.pdf)
>  Video generation is one of the most challenging tasks in Machine Learning and Computer Vision fields of study. In this paper, we tackle the text to video generation problem, which is a conditional form of video generation. Humans can listen/read natural language sentences, and can imagine or visualize what is being described; therefore, we believe that video generation from natural language sentences will have an important impact on Artificial Intelligence. Video generation is relatively a new field of study in Computer Vision, which is far from being solved. The majority of recent works deal with synthetic datasets or real datasets with very limited types of objects, scenes, and emotions. To the best of our knowledge, this is the very first work on the text (free-form sentences) to video generation on more realistic video datasets like Actor and Action Dataset (A2D) or UCF101. We tackle the complicated problem of video generation by regressing the latent representations of the first and last frames and employing a context-aware interpolation method to build the latent representations of in-between frames. We propose a stacking ``upPooling'' block to sequentially generate RGB frames out of each latent representation and progressively increase the resolution. Moreover, our proposed Discriminator encodes videos based on single and multiple frames. We provide quantitative and qualitative results to support our arguments and show the superiority of our method over well-known baselines like Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) and Deconvolution (as known as Convolutional Transpose) based video generation methods.      
### 34.Viewpoint-Invariant Exercise Repetition Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13760.pdf)
>  Counting the repetition of human exercise and physical rehabilitation is a common task in rehabilitation and exercise training. The existing vision-based repetition counting methods less emphasize the concurrent motions in the same video. This work presents a vision-based human motion repetition counting applicable to counting concurrent motions through the skeleton location extracted from various pose estimation methods. The presented method was validated on the University of Idaho Physical Rehabilitation Movements Data Set (UI-PRMD), and MM-fit dataset. The overall mean absolute error (MAE) for mm-fit was 0.06 with off-by-one Accuracy (OBOA) 0.94. Overall MAE for UI-PRMD dataset was 0.06 with OBOA 0.95. We have also tested the performance in a variety of camera locations and concurrent motions with conveniently collected video with overall MAE 0.06 and OBOA 0.88. The proposed method provides a view-angle and motion agnostic concurrent motion counting. This method can potentially use in large-scale remote rehabilitation and exercise training with only one camera.      
### 35.Bridging Gap between Image Pixels and Semantics via Supervision: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13757.pdf)
>  The fact that there exists a gap between low-level features and semantic meanings of images, called the semantic gap, is known for decades. Resolution of the semantic gap is a long standing problem. The semantic gap problem is reviewed and a survey on recent efforts in bridging the gap is made in this work. Most importantly, we claim that the semantic gap is primarily bridged through supervised learning today. Experiences are drawn from two application domains to illustrate this point: 1) object detection and 2) metric learning for content-based image retrieval (CBIR). To begin with, this paper offers a historical retrospective on supervision, makes a gradual transition to the modern data-driven methodology and introduces commonly used datasets. Then, it summarizes various supervision methods to bridge the semantic gap in the context of object detection and metric learning.      
### 36.Profile to Frontal Face Recognition in the Wild Using Coupled Conditional GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13742.pdf)
>  In recent years, with the advent of deep-learning, face recognition has achieved exceptional success. However, many of these deep face recognition models perform much better in handling frontal faces compared to profile faces. The major reason for poor performance in handling of profile faces is that it is inherently difficult to learn pose-invariant deep representations that are useful for profile face recognition. In this paper, we hypothesize that the profile face domain possesses a latent connection with the frontal face domain in a latent feature subspace. We look to exploit this latent connection by projecting the profile faces and frontal faces into a common latent subspace and perform verification or retrieval in the latent domain. We leverage a coupled conditional generative adversarial network (cpGAN) structure to find the hidden relationship between the profile and frontal images in a latent common embedding subspace. Specifically, the cpGAN framework consists of two conditional GAN-based sub-networks, one dedicated to the frontal domain and the other dedicated to the profile domain. Each sub-network tends to find a projection that maximizes the pair-wise correlation between the two feature domains in a common embedding feature subspace. The efficacy of our approach compared with the state-of-the-art is demonstrated using the CFP, CMU Multi-PIE, IJB-A, and IJB-C datasets. Additionally, we have also implemented a coupled convolutional neural network (cpCNN) and an adversarial discriminative domain adaptation network (ADDA) for profile to frontal face recognition. We have evaluated the performance of cpCNN and ADDA and compared it with the proposed cpGAN. Finally, we have also evaluated our cpGAN for reconstruction of frontal faces from input profile faces contained in the VGGFace2 dataset.      
### 37.Self-Paced Contrastive Learning for Semi-supervisedMedical Image Segmentation with Meta-labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13741.pdf)
>  Pre-training a recognition model with contrastive learning on a large dataset of unlabeled data has shown great potential to boost the performance of a downstream task, e.g., image classification. However, in domains such as medical imaging, collecting unlabeled data can be challenging and expensive. In this work, we propose to adapt contrastive learning to work with meta-label annotations, for improving the model's performance in medical image segmentation even when no additional unlabeled data is available. Meta-labels such as the location of a 2D slice in a 3D MRI scan or the type of device used, often come for free during the acquisition process. We use the meta-labels for pre-training the image encoder as well as to regularize a semi-supervised training, in which a reduced set of annotated data is used for training. Finally, to fully exploit the weak annotations, a self-paced learning approach is used to help the learning and discriminate useful labels from noise. Results on three different medical image segmentation datasets show that our approach: i) highly boosts the performance of a model trained on a few scans, ii) outperforms previous contrastive and semi-supervised approaches, and iii) reaches close to the performance of a model trained on the full data.      
### 38.UIBert: Learning Generic Multimodal Representations for UI Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13731.pdf)
>  To improve the accessibility of smart devices and to simplify their usage, building models which understand user interfaces (UIs) and assist users to complete their tasks is critical. However, unique challenges are proposed by UI-specific characteristics, such as how to effectively leverage multimodal UI features that involve image, text, and structural metadata and how to achieve good performance when high-quality labeled data is unavailable. To address such challenges we introduce UIBert, a transformer-based joint image-text model trained through novel pre-training tasks on large-scale unlabeled UI data to learn generic feature representations for a UI and its components. Our key intuition is that the heterogeneous features in a UI are self-aligned, i.e., the image and text features of UI components, are predictive of each other. We propose five pretraining tasks utilizing this self-alignment among different features of a UI component and across various components in the same UI. We evaluate our method on nine real-world downstream UI tasks where UIBert outperforms strong multimodal baselines by up to 9.26% accuracy.      
### 39.Convolutional Transformer based Dual Discriminator Generative Adversarial Networks for Video Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13720.pdf)
>  Detecting abnormal activities in real-world surveillance videos is an important yet challenging task as the prior knowledge about video anomalies is usually limited or unavailable. Despite that many approaches have been developed to resolve this problem, few of them can capture the normal spatio-temporal patterns effectively and efficiently. Moreover, existing works seldom explicitly consider the local consistency at frame level and global coherence of temporal dynamics in video sequences. To this end, we propose Convolutional Transformer based Dual Discriminator Generative Adversarial Networks (CT-D2GAN) to perform unsupervised video anomaly detection. Specifically, we first present a convolutional transformer to perform future frame prediction. It contains three key components, i.e., a convolutional encoder to capture the spatial information of the input video clips, a temporal self-attention module to encode the temporal dynamics, and a convolutional decoder to integrate spatio-temporal features and predict the future frame. Next, a dual discriminator based adversarial training procedure, which jointly considers an image discriminator that can maintain the local consistency at frame-level and a video discriminator that can enforce the global coherence of temporal dynamics, is employed to enhance the future frame prediction. Finally, the prediction error is used to identify abnormal video frames. Thoroughly empirical studies on three public video anomaly detection datasets, i.e., UCSD Ped2, CUHK Avenue, and Shanghai Tech Campus, demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed adversarial spatio-temporal modeling framework.      
### 40.Cascaded Residual Density Network for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13718.pdf)
>  Crowd counting is a challenging task due to the issues such as scale variation and perspective variation in real crowd scenes. In this paper, we propose a novel Cascaded Residual Density Network (CRDNet) in a coarse-to-fine approach to generate the high-quality density map for crowd counting more accurately. (1) We estimate the residual density maps by multi-scale pyramidal features through cascaded residual density modules. It can improve the quality of density map layer by layer effectively. (2) A novel additional local count loss is presented to refine the accuracy of crowd counting, which reduces the errors of pixel-wise Euclidean loss by restricting the number of people in the local crowd areas. Experiments on two public benchmark datasets show that the proposed method achieves effective improvement compared with the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 41.Hierarchical Self-supervised Augmented Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13715.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation often involves how to define and transfer knowledge from teacher to student effectively. Although recent self-supervised contrastive knowledge achieves the best performance, forcing the network to learn such knowledge may damage the representation learning of the original class recognition task. We therefore adopt an alternative self-supervised augmented task to guide the network to learn the joint distribution of the original recognition task and self-supervised auxiliary task. It is demonstrated as a richer knowledge to improve the representation power without losing the normal classification capability. Moreover, it is incomplete that previous methods only transfer the probabilistic knowledge between the final layers. We propose to append several auxiliary classifiers to hierarchical intermediate feature maps to generate diverse self-supervised knowledge and perform the one-to-one transfer to teach the student network thoroughly. Our method significantly surpasses the previous SOTA SSKD with an average improvement of 2.56\% on CIFAR-100 and an improvement of 0.77\% on ImageNet across widely used network pairs. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/winycg/HSAKD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Abnormal Behavior Detection Based on Target Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13706.pdf)
>  Abnormal behavior detection in surveillance video is a pivotal part of the intelligent city. Most existing methods only consider how to detect anomalies, with less considering to explain the reason of the anomalies. We investigate an orthogonal perspective based on the reason of these abnormal behaviors. To this end, we propose a multivariate fusion method that analyzes each target through three branches: object, action and motion. The object branch focuses on the appearance information, the motion branch focuses on the distribution of the motion features, and the action branch focuses on the action category of the target. The information that these branches focus on is different, and they can complement each other and jointly detect abnormal behavior. The final abnormal score can then be obtained by combining the abnormal scores of the three branches.      
### 43.Efficient Human Pose Estimation by Maximizing Fusion and High-Level Spatial Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13693.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an efficient human pose estimation network -- SFM (slender fusion model) by fusing multi-level features and adding lightweight attention blocks -- HSA (High-Level Spatial Attention). Many existing methods on efficient network have already taken feature fusion into consideration, which largely boosts the performance. However, its performance is far inferior to large network such as ResNet and HRNet due to its limited fusion operation in the network. Specifically, we expand the number of fusion operation by building bridges between two pyramid frameworks without adding layers. Meanwhile, to capture long-range dependency, we propose a lightweight attention block -- HSA, which computes second-order attention map. In summary, SFM maximizes the number of feature fusion in a limited number of layers. HSA learns high precise spatial information by computing the attention of spatial attention map. With the help of SFM and HSA, our network is able to generate multi-level feature and extract precise global spatial information with little computing resource. Thus, our method achieve comparable or even better accuracy with less parameters and computational cost. Our SFM achieve 89.0 in PCKh@0.5, 42.0 in PCKh@0.1 on MPII validation set and 71.7 in AP, 90.7 in AP@0.5 on COCO validation with only 1.7G FLOPs and 1.5M parameters. The source code will be public soon.      
### 44.Bayesian Embeddings for Few-Shot Open World Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13682.pdf)
>  As autonomous decision-making agents move from narrow operating environments to unstructured worlds, learning systems must move from a closed-world formulation to an open-world and few-shot setting in which agents continuously learn new classes from small amounts of information. This stands in stark contrast to modern machine learning systems that are typically designed with a known set of classes and a large number of examples for each class. In this work we extend embedding-based few-shot learning algorithms to the open-world recognition setting. We combine Bayesian non-parametric class priors with an embedding-based pre-training scheme to yield a highly flexible framework which we refer to as few-shot learning for open world recognition (FLOWR). We benchmark our framework on open-world extensions of the common MiniImageNet and TieredImageNet few-shot learning datasets. Our results show, compared to prior methods, strong classification accuracy performance and up to a 12% improvement in H-measure (a measure of novel class detection) from our non-parametric open-world few-shot learning scheme.      
### 45.Similarity and symmetry measures based on fuzzy descriptors of image objects` composition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13651.pdf)
>  The paper describes a method for measuring the similarity and symmetry of an image annotated with bounding boxes indicating image objects. The latter representation became popular recently due to the rapid development of fast and efficient deep-learning-based object-detection methods. The proposed approach allows for comparing sets of bounding boxes to estimate the degree of similarity of their underlying images. It is based on the fuzzy approach that uses the fuzzy mutual position (FMP) matrix to describe spatial composition and relations between bounding boxes within an image. A method of computing the similarity of two images described by their FMP matrices is proposed and the algorithm of its computation. It outputs the single scalar value describing the degree of content-based image similarity. By modifying the method`s parameters, instead of similarity, the reflectional symmetry of object composition may also be measured. The proposed approach allows for measuring differences in objects` composition of various intensities. It is also invariant to translation and scaling and - in case of symmetry detection - position and orientation of the symmetry axis. A couple of examples illustrate the method.      
### 46.Egyptian Sign Language Recognition Using CNN and LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13647.pdf)
>  Sign language is a set of gestures that deaf people use to communicate. Unfortunately, normal people don't understand it, which creates a communication gap that needs to be filled. Because of the variations in (Egyptian Sign Language) ESL from one region to another, ESL provides a challenging research problem. In this work, we are providing applied research with its video-based Egyptian sign language recognition system that serves the local community of deaf people in Egypt, with a moderate and reasonable accuracy. We present a computer vision system with two different neural networks architectures. The first is a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for extracting spatial features. The CNN model was retrained on the inception mod. The second architecture is a CNN followed by a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) for extracting both spatial and temporal features. The two models achieved an accuracy of 90% and 72%, respectively. We examined the power of these two architectures to distinguish between 9 common words (with similar signs) among some deaf people community in Egypt.      
### 47.Lighter Stacked Hourglass Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13643.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation (HPE) is one of the most challenging tasks in computer vision as humans are deformable by nature and thus their pose has so much variance. HPE aims to correctly identify the main joint locations of a single person or multiple people in a given image or video. Locating joints of a person in images or videos is an important task that can be applied in action recognition and object tracking. As have many computer vision tasks, HPE has advanced massively with the introduction of deep learning to the field. In this paper, we focus on one of the deep learning-based approaches of HPE proposed by Newell et al., which they named the stacked hourglass network. Their approach is widely used in many applications and is regarded as one of the best works in this area. The main focus of their approach is to capture as much information as it can at all possible scales so that a coherent understanding of the local features and full-body location is achieved. Their findings demonstrate that important cues such as orientation of a person, arrangement of limbs, and adjacent joints' relative location can be identified from multiple scales at different resolutions. To do so, they makes use of a single pipeline to process images in multiple resolutions, which comprises a skip layer to not lose spatial information at each resolution. The resolution of the images stretches as lower as 4x4 to make sure that a smaller spatial feature is included. In this study, we study the effect of architectural modifications on the computational speed and accuracy of the network.      
### 48.Sign and Search: Sign Search Functionality for Sign Language Lexica  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13637.pdf)
>  Sign language lexica are a useful resource for researchers and people learning sign languages. Current implementations allow a user to search a sign either by its gloss or by selecting its primary features such as handshape and location. This study focuses on exploring a reverse search functionality where a user can sign a query sign in front of a webcam and retrieve a set of matching signs. By extracting different body joints combinations (upper body, dominant hand's arm and wrist) using the pose estimation framework OpenPose, we compare four techniques (PCA, UMAP, DTW and Euclidean distance) as distance metrics between 20 query signs, each performed by eight participants on a 1200 sign lexicon. The results show that UMAP and DTW can predict a matching sign with an 80\% and 71\% accuracy respectively at the top-20 retrieved signs using the movement of the dominant hand arm. Using DTW and adding more sign instances from other participants in the lexicon, the accuracy can be raised to 90\% at the top-10 ranking. Our results suggest that our methodology can be used with no training in any sign language lexicon regardless of its size.      
### 49.Discovering 3D Parts from Image Collections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13629.pdf)
>  Reasoning 3D shapes from 2D images is an essential yet challenging task, especially when only single-view images are at our disposal. While an object can have a complicated shape, individual parts are usually close to geometric primitives and thus are easier to model. Furthermore, parts provide a mid-level representation that is robust to appearance variations across objects in a particular category. In this work, we tackle the problem of 3D part discovery from only 2D image collections. Instead of relying on manually annotated parts for supervision, we propose a self-supervised approach, latent part discovery (LPD). Our key insight is to learn a novel part shape prior that allows each part to fit an object shape faithfully while constrained to have simple geometry. Extensive experiments on the synthetic ShapeNet, PartNet, and real-world Pascal 3D+ datasets show that our method discovers consistent object parts and achieves favorable reconstruction accuracy compared to the existing methods with the same level of supervision.      
### 50.Underwater inspection and intervention dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13628.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel dataset for the development of visual navigation and simultaneous localisation and mapping (SLAM) algorithms as well as for underwater intervention tasks. It differs from existing datasets as it contains ground truth for the vehicle's position captured by an underwater motion tracking system. The dataset contains distortion-free and rectified stereo images along with the calibration parameters of the stereo camera setup. Furthermore, the experiments were performed and recorded in a controlled environment, where current and waves could be generated allowing the dataset to cover a wide range of conditions - from calm water to waves and currents of significant strength.      
### 51.United We Learn Better: Harvesting Learning Improvements From Class Hierarchies Across Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13627.pdf)
>  Attempts of learning from hierarchical taxonomies in computer vision have been mostly focusing on image classification. Though ways of best harvesting learning improvements from hierarchies in classification are far from being solved, there is a need to target these problems in other vision tasks such as object detection. As progress on the classification side is often dependent on hierarchical cross-entropy losses, novel detection architectures using sigmoid as an output function instead of softmax cannot easily apply these advances, requiring novel methods in detection. In this work we establish a theoretical framework based on probability and set theory for extracting parent predictions and a hierarchical loss that can be used across tasks, showing results across classification and detection benchmarks and opening up the possibility of hierarchical learning for sigmoid-based detection architectures.      
### 52.Fast and Scalable Image Search For Histology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13587.pdf)
>  The expanding adoption of digital pathology has enabled the curation of large repositories of histology whole slide images (WSIs), which contain a wealth of information. Similar pathology image search offers the opportunity to comb through large historical repositories of gigapixel WSIs to identify cases with similar morphological features and can be particularly useful for diagnosing rare diseases, identifying similar cases for predicting prognosis, treatment outcomes, and potential clinical trial success. A critical challenge in developing a WSI search and retrieval system is scalability, which is uniquely challenging given the need to search a growing number of slides that each can consist of billions of pixels and are several gigabytes in size. Such systems are typically slow and retrieval speed often scales with the size of the repository they search through, making their clinical adoption tedious and are not feasible for repositories that are constantly growing. Here we present Fast Image Search for Histopathology (FISH), a histology image search pipeline that is infinitely scalable and achieves constant search speed that is independent of the image database size while being interpretable and without requiring detailed annotations. FISH uses self-supervised deep learning to encode meaningful representations from WSIs and a Van Emde Boas tree for fast search, followed by an uncertainty-based ranking algorithm to retrieve similar WSIs. We evaluated FISH on multiple tasks and datasets with over 22,000 patient cases spanning 56 disease subtypes. We additionally demonstrate that FISH can be used to assist with the diagnosis of rare cancer types where sufficient cases may not be available to train traditional supervised deep models. FISH is available as an easy-to-use, open-source software package (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mahmoodlab/FISH" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 53.Using Visual Anomaly Detection for Task Execution Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14206.pdf)
>  Execution monitoring is essential for robots to detect and respond to failures. Since it is impossible to enumerate all failures for a given task, we learn from successful executions of the task to detect visual anomalies during runtime. Our method learns to predict the motions that occur during the nominal execution of a task, including camera and robot body motion. A probabilistic U-Net architecture is used to learn to predict optical flow, and the robot's kinematics and 3D model are used to model camera and body motion. The errors between the observed and predicted motion are used to calculate an anomaly score. We evaluate our method on a dataset of a robot placing a book on a shelf, which includes anomalies such as falling books, camera occlusions, and robot disturbances. We find that modeling camera and body motion, in addition to the learning-based optical flow prediction, results in an improvement of the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve from 0.752 to 0.804, and the area under the precision-recall curve from 0.467 to 0.549.      
### 54.Swap-Free Fat-Water Separation in Dixon MRI using Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14175.pdf)
>  Dixon MRI is widely used for body composition studies. Current processing methods associated with large whole-body volumes are time intensive and prone to artifacts during fat-water separation performed on the scanner, making the data difficult to analyse. The most common artifact are fat-water swaps, where the labels are inverted at the voxel level. It is common for researchers to discard swapped data (generally around 10%), which can be wasteful and lead to unintended biases. The UK Biobank is acquiring Dixon MRI for over 100,000 participants, and thousands of swaps will occur. If those go undetected, errors will propagate into processes such as abdominal organ segmentation and dilute the results in population-based analyses. There is a clear need for a fast and robust method to accurately separate fat and water channels. In this work we propose such a method based on style transfer using a conditional generative adversarial network. We also introduce a new Dixon loss function for the generator model. Using data from the UK Biobank Dixon MRI, our model is able to predict highly accurate fat and water channels that are free from artifacts. We show that the model separates fat and water channels using either single input (in-phase) or dual input (in-phase and opposed-phase), with the latter producing improved results. Our proposed method enables faster and more accurate downstream analysis of body composition from Dixon MRI in population studies by eliminating the need for visual inspection or discarding data due to fat-water swaps.      
### 55.Enhancing Adversarial Robustness via Test-time Transformation Ensembling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14110.pdf)
>  Deep learning models are prone to being fooled by imperceptible perturbations known as adversarial attacks. In this work, we study how equipping models with Test-time Transformation Ensembling (TTE) can work as a reliable defense against such attacks. While transforming the input data, both at train and test times, is known to enhance model performance, its effects on adversarial robustness have not been studied. Here, we present a comprehensive empirical study of the impact of TTE, in the form of widely-used image transforms, on adversarial robustness. We show that TTE consistently improves model robustness against a variety of powerful attacks without any need for re-training, and that this improvement comes at virtually no trade-off with accuracy on clean samples. Finally, we show that the benefits of TTE transfer even to the certified robustness domain, in which TTE provides sizable and consistent improvements.      
### 56.Structure and Performance of Fully Connected Neural Networks: Emerging Complex Network Properties  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14062.pdf)
>  Understanding the behavior of Artificial Neural Networks is one of the main topics in the field recently, as black-box approaches have become usual since the widespread of deep learning. Such high-dimensional models may manifest instabilities and weird properties that resemble complex systems. Therefore, we propose Complex Network (CN) techniques to analyze the structure and performance of fully connected neural networks. For that, we build a dataset with 4 thousand models and their respective CN properties. They are employed in a supervised classification setup considering four vision benchmarks. Each neural network is approached as a weighted and undirected graph of neurons and synapses, and centrality measures are computed after training. Results show that these measures are highly related to the network classification performance. We also propose the concept of Bag-Of-Neurons (BoN), a CN-based approach for finding topological signatures linking similar neurons. Results suggest that six neuronal types emerge in such networks, independently of the target domain, and are distributed differently according to classification accuracy. We also tackle specific CN properties related to performance, such as higher subgraph centrality on lower-performing models. Our findings suggest that CN properties play a critical role in the performance of fully connected neural networks, with topological patterns emerging independently on a wide range of models.      
### 57.Few-Shot and Continual Learning with Attentive Independent Mechanisms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14053.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are known to perform well when deployed to test distributions that shares high similarity with the training distribution. Feeding DNNs with new data sequentially that were unseen in the training distribution has two major challenges -- fast adaptation to new tasks and catastrophic forgetting of old tasks. Such difficulties paved way for the on-going research on few-shot learning and continual learning. To tackle these problems, we introduce Attentive Independent Mechanisms (AIM). We incorporate the idea of learning using fast and slow weights in conjunction with the decoupling of the feature extraction and higher-order conceptual learning of a DNN. AIM is designed for higher-order conceptual learning, modeled by a mixture of experts that compete to learn independent concepts to solve a new task. AIM is a modular component that can be inserted into existing deep learning frameworks. We demonstrate its capability for few-shot learning by adding it to SIB and trained on MiniImageNet and CIFAR-FS, showing significant improvement. AIM is also applied to ANML and OML trained on Omniglot, CIFAR-100 and MiniImageNet to demonstrate its capability in continual learning. Code made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/huang50213/AIM-Fewshot-Continual" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 58.Corridor for new mobility Aachen-Dsseldorf: Methods and concepts of the research project ACCorD  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14048.pdf)
>  With the Corridor for New Mobility Aachen - Dsseldorf, an integrated development environment is created, incorporating existing test capabilities, to systematically test and validate automated vehicles in interaction with connected Intelligent Transport Systems Stations (ITS-Ss). This is achieved through a time- and cost-efficient toolchain and methodology, in which simulation, closed test sites as well as test fields in public transport are linked in the best possible way. By implementing a digital twin, the recorded traffic events can be visualized in real-time and driving functions can be tested in the simulation based on real data. In order to represent diverse traffic scenarios, the corridor contains a highway section, a rural area, and urban areas. First, this paper outlines the project goals before describing the individual project contents in more detail. These include the concepts of traffic detection, driving function development, digital twin development, and public involvement.      
### 59."Excavating AI" Re-excavated: Debunking a Fallacious Account of the JAFFE Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13998.pdf)
>  Twenty-five years ago, my colleagues Miyuki Kamachi and Jiro Gyoba and I designed and photographed JAFFE, a set of facial expression images intended for use in a study of face perception. In 2019, without seeking permission or informing us, Kate Crawford and Trevor Paglen exhibited JAFFE in two widely publicized art shows. In addition, they published a nonfactual account of the images in the essay "Excavating AI: The Politics of Images in Machine Learning Training Sets." The present article recounts the creation of the JAFFE dataset and unravels each of Crawford and Paglen's fallacious statements. I also discuss JAFFE more broadly in connection with research on facial expression, affective computing, and human-computer interaction.      
### 60.Recurrent U-net for automatic pelvic floor muscle segmentation on 3D ultrasound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13833.pdf)
>  The prevalance of pelvic floor problems is high within the female population. Transperineal ultrasound (TPUS) is the main imaging modality used to investigate these problems. Automating the analysis of TPUS data will help in growing our understanding of pelvic floor related problems. In this study we present a U-net like neural network with some convolutional long short term memory (CLSTM) layers to automate the 3D segmentation of the levator ani muscle (LAM) in TPUS volumes. The CLSTM layers are added to preserve the inter-slice 3D information. We reach human level performance on this segmentation task. Therefore, we conclude that we successfully automated the segmentation of the LAM on 3D TPUS data. This paves the way towards automatic in-vivo analysis of the LAM mechanics in the context of large study populations.      
### 61.The interpretation of endobronchial ultrasound image using 3D convolutional neural network for differentiating malignant and benign mediastinal lesions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13820.pdf)
>  The purpose of this study is to differentiate malignant and benign mediastinal lesions by using the three-dimensional convolutional neural network through the endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) image. Compared with previous study, our proposed model is robust to noise and able to fuse various imaging features and spatiotemporal features of EBUS videos. Endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspiration (EBUS-TBNA) is a diagnostic tool for intrathoracic lymph nodes. Physician can observe the characteristics of the lesion using grayscale mode, doppler mode, and elastography during the procedure. To process the EBUS data in the form of a video and appropriately integrate the features of multiple imaging modes, we used a time-series three-dimensional convolutional neural network (3D CNN) to learn the spatiotemporal features and design a variety of architectures to fuse each imaging mode. Our model (Res3D_UDE) took grayscale mode, Doppler mode, and elastography as training data and achieved an accuracy of 82.00% and area under the curve (AUC) of 0.83 on the validation set. Compared with previous study, we directly used videos recorded during procedure as training and validation data, without additional manual selection, which might be easier for clinical application. In addition, model designed with 3D CNN can also effectively learn spatiotemporal features and improve accuracy. In the future, our model may be used to guide physicians to quickly and correctly find the target lesions for slice sampling during the inspection process, reduce the number of slices of benign lesions, and shorten the inspection time.      
### 62.A Similarity Measure of Histopathology Images by Deep Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13703.pdf)
>  Histopathology digital scans are large-size images that contain valuable information at the pixel level. Content-based comparison of these images is a challenging task. This study proposes a content-based similarity measure for high-resolution gigapixel histopathology images. The proposed similarity measure is an expansion of cosine vector similarity to a matrix. Each image is divided into same-size patches with a meaningful amount of information (i.e., contained enough tissue). The similarity is measured by the extraction of patch-level deep embeddings of the last pooling layer of a pre-trained deep model at four different magnification levels, namely, 1x, 2.5x, 5x, and 10x magnifications. In addition, for faster measurement, embedding reduction is investigated. Finally, to assess the proposed method, an image search method is implemented. Results show that the similarity measure represents the slide labels with a maximum accuracy of 93.18\% for top-5 search at 5x magnification.      
### 63.Generalizing Fairness: Discovery and Mitigation of Unknown Sensitive Attributes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13625.pdf)
>  When deploying artificial intelligence (AI) in the real world, being able to trust the operation of the AI by characterizing how it performs is an ever-present and important topic. An important and still largely unexplored task in this characterization is determining major factors within the real world that affect the AI's behavior, such as weather conditions or lighting, and either a) being able to give justification for why it may have failed or b) eliminating the influence the factor has. Determining these sensitive factors heavily relies on collected data that is diverse enough to cover numerous combinations of these factors, which becomes more onerous when having many potential sensitive factors or operating in complex environments. This paper investigates methods that discover and separate out individual semantic sensitive factors from a given dataset to conduct this characterization as well as addressing mitigation of these factors' sensitivity. We also broaden remediation of fairness, which normally only addresses socially relevant factors, and widen it to deal with the desensitization of AI with regard to all possible aspects of variation in the domain. The proposed methods which discover these major factors reduce the potentially onerous demands of collecting a sufficiently diverse dataset. In experiments using the road sign (GTSRB) and facial imagery (CelebA) datasets, we show the promise of using this scheme to perform this characterization and remediation and demonstrate that our approach outperforms state of the art approaches.      
### 64.Social Processes: Self-Supervised Forecasting of Nonverbal Cues in Social Conversations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.13576.pdf)
>  The default paradigm for the forecasting of human behavior in social conversations is characterized by top-down approaches. These involve identifying predictive relationships between low level nonverbal cues and future semantic events of interest (e.g. turn changes, group leaving). A common hurdle however, is the limited availability of labeled data for supervised learning. In this work, we take the first step in the direction of a bottom-up self-supervised approach in the domain. We formulate the task of Social Cue Forecasting to leverage the larger amount of unlabeled low-level behavior cues, and characterize the modeling challenges involved. To address these, we take a meta-learning approach and propose the Social Process (SP) models--socially aware sequence-to-sequence (Seq2Seq) models within the Neural Process (NP) family. SP models learn extractable representations of non-semantic future cues for each participant, while capturing global uncertainty by jointly reasoning about the future for all members of the group. Evaluation on synthesized and real-world behavior data shows that our SP models achieve higher log-likelihood than the NP baselines, and also highlights important considerations for applying such techniques within the domain of social human interactions.      
