# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 26 Jul 2021
### 1.Unsupervised Domain Adaptive 3D Detection with Multi-Level Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11355.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based 3D object detection has achieved unprecedented success with the advent of large-scale autonomous driving datasets. However, drastic performance degradation remains a critical challenge for cross-domain deployment. In addition, existing 3D domain adaptive detection methods often assume prior access to the target domain annotations, which is rarely feasible in the real world. To address this challenge, we study a more realistic setting, unsupervised 3D domain adaptive detection, which only utilizes source domain annotations. 1) We first comprehensively investigate the major underlying factors of the domain gap in 3D detection. Our key insight is that geometric mismatch is the key factor of domain shift. 2) Then, we propose a novel and unified framework, Multi-Level Consistency Network (MLC-Net), which employs a teacher-student paradigm to generate adaptive and reliable pseudo-targets. MLC-Net exploits point-, instance- and neural statistics-level consistency to facilitate cross-domain transfer. Extensive experiments demonstrate that MLC-Net outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods (including those using additional target domain information) on standard benchmarks. Notably, our approach is detector-agnostic, which achieves consistent gains on both single- and two-stage 3D detectors.      
### 2.Tackling the Overestimation of Forest Carbon with Deep Learning and Aerial Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11320.pdf)
>  Forest carbon offsets are increasingly popular and can play a significant role in financing climate mitigation, forest conservation, and reforestation. Measuring how much carbon is stored in forests is, however, still largely done via expensive, time-consuming, and sometimes unaccountable field measurements. To overcome these limitations, many verification bodies are leveraging machine learning (ML) algorithms to estimate forest carbon from satellite or aerial imagery. Aerial imagery allows for tree species or family classification, which improves the satellite imagery-based forest type classification. However, aerial imagery is significantly more expensive to collect and it is unclear by how much the higher resolution improves the forest carbon estimation. This proposal paper describes the first systematic comparison of forest carbon estimation from aerial imagery, satellite imagery, and ground-truth field measurements via deep learning-based algorithms for a tropical reforestation project. Our initial results show that forest carbon estimates from satellite imagery can overestimate above-ground biomass by more than 10-times for tropical reforestation projects. The significant difference between aerial and satellite-derived forest carbon measurements shows the potential for aerial imagery-based ML algorithms and raises the importance to extend this study to a global benchmark between options for carbon measurements.      
### 3.Mixed SIGNals: Sign Language Production via a Mixture of Motion Primitives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11317.pdf)
>  It is common practice to represent spoken languages at their phonetic level. However, for sign languages, this implies breaking motion into its constituent motion primitives. Avatar based Sign Language Production (SLP) has traditionally done just this, building up animation from sequences of hand motions, shapes and facial expressions. However, more recent deep learning based solutions to SLP have tackled the problem using a single network that estimates the full skeletal structure. <br>We propose splitting the SLP task into two distinct jointly-trained sub-tasks. The first translation sub-task translates from spoken language to a latent sign language representation, with gloss supervision. Subsequently, the animation sub-task aims to produce expressive sign language sequences that closely resemble the learnt spatio-temporal representation. Using a progressive transformer for the translation sub-task, we propose a novel Mixture of Motion Primitives (MoMP) architecture for sign language animation. A set of distinct motion primitives are learnt during training, that can be temporally combined at inference to animate continuous sign language sequences. <br>We evaluate on the challenging RWTH-PHOENIX-Weather-2014T(PHOENIX14T) dataset, presenting extensive ablation studies and showing that MoMP outperforms baselines in user evaluations. We achieve state-of-the-art back translation performance with an 11% improvement over competing results. Importantly, and for the first time, we showcase stronger performance for a full translation pipeline going from spoken language to sign, than from gloss to sign.      
### 4.Provident Vehicle Detection at Night for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11302.pdf)
>  In recent years, computer vision algorithms have become more and more powerful, which enabled technologies such as autonomous driving to evolve with rapid pace. However, current algorithms mainly share one limitation: They rely on directly visible objects. This is a major drawback compared to human behavior, where indirect visual cues caused by the actual object (e.g., shadows) are already used intuitively to retrieve information or anticipate occurring objects. While driving at night, this performance deficit becomes even more obvious: Humans already process the light artifacts caused by oncoming vehicles to assume their future appearance, whereas current object detection systems rely on the oncoming vehicle's direct visibility. Based on previous work in this subject, we present with this paper a complete system capable of solving the task to providently detect oncoming vehicles at nighttime based on their caused light artifacts. For that, we outline the full algorithm architecture ranging from the detection of light artifacts in the image space, localizing the objects in the three-dimensional space, and verifying the objects over time. To demonstrate the applicability, we deploy the system in a test vehicle and use the information of providently detected vehicles to control the glare-free high beam system proactively. Using this experimental setting, we quantify the time benefit that the provident vehicle detection system provides compared to an in-production computer vision system. Additionally, the glare-free high beam use case provides a real-time and real-world visualization interface of the detection results. With this contribution, we want to put awareness on the unconventional sensing task of provident object detection and further close the performance gap between human behavior and computer vision algorithms in order to bring autonomous and automated driving a step forward.      
### 5.SurfaceNet: Adversarial SVBRDF Estimation from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11298.pdf)
>  In this paper we present SurfaceNet, an approach for estimating spatially-varying bidirectional reflectance distribution function (SVBRDF) material properties from a single image. We pose the problem as an image translation task and propose a novel patch-based generative adversarial network (GAN) that is able to produce high-quality, high-resolution surface reflectance maps. The employment of the GAN paradigm has a twofold objective: 1) allowing the model to recover finer details than standard translation models; 2) reducing the domain shift between synthetic and real data distributions in an unsupervised way. An extensive evaluation, carried out on a public benchmark of synthetic and real images under different illumination conditions, shows that SurfaceNet largely outperforms existing SVBRDF reconstruction methods, both quantitatively and qualitatively. Furthermore, SurfaceNet exhibits a remarkable ability in generating high-quality maps from real samples without any supervision at training time.      
### 6.Human Pose Regression with Residual Log-likelihood Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11291.pdf)
>  Heatmap-based methods dominate in the field of human pose estimation by modelling the output distribution through likelihood heatmaps. In contrast, regression-based methods are more efficient but suffer from inferior performance. In this work, we explore maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) to develop an efficient and effective regression-based methods. From the perspective of MLE, adopting different regression losses is making different assumptions about the output density function. A density function closer to the true distribution leads to a better regression performance. In light of this, we propose a novel regression paradigm with Residual Log-likelihood Estimation (RLE) to capture the underlying output distribution. Concretely, RLE learns the change of the distribution instead of the unreferenced underlying distribution to facilitate the training process. With the proposed reparameterization design, our method is compatible with off-the-shelf flow models. The proposed method is effective, efficient and flexible. We show its potential in various human pose estimation tasks with comprehensive experiments. Compared to the conventional regression paradigm, regression with RLE bring 12.4 mAP improvement on MSCOCO without any test-time overhead. Moreover, for the first time, especially on multi-person pose estimation, our regression method is superior to the heatmap-based methods. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jeff-sjtu/res-loglikelihood-regression" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 7.Re-distributing Biased Pseudo Labels for Semi-supervised Semantic Segmentation: A Baseline Investigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11279.pdf)
>  While self-training has advanced semi-supervised semantic segmentation, it severely suffers from the long-tailed class distribution on real-world semantic segmentation datasets that make the pseudo-labeled data bias toward majority classes. In this paper, we present a simple and yet effective Distribution Alignment and Random Sampling (DARS) method to produce unbiased pseudo labels that match the true class distribution estimated from the labeled data. Besides, we also contribute a progressive data augmentation and labeling strategy to facilitate model training with pseudo-labeled data. Experiments on both Cityscapes and PASCAL VOC 2012 datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. Albeit simple, our method performs favorably in comparison with state-of-the-art approaches. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CVMI-Lab/DARS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.Dense Supervision Propagation for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation on 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11267.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation on 3D point clouds is an important task for 3D scene understanding. While dense labeling on 3D data is expensive and time-consuming, only a few works address weakly supervised semantic point cloud segmentation methods to relieve the labeling cost by learning from simpler and cheaper labels. Meanwhile, there are still huge performance gaps between existing weakly supervised methods and state-of-the-art fully supervised methods. In this paper, we train a semantic point cloud segmentation network with only a small portion of points being labeled. We argue that we can better utilize the limited supervision information as we densely propagate the supervision signal from the labeled points to other points within and across the input samples. Specifically, we propose a cross-sample feature reallocating module to transfer similar features and therefore re-route the gradients across two samples with common classes and an intra-sample feature redistribution module to propagate supervision signals on unlabeled points across and within point cloud samples. We conduct extensive experiments on public datasets S3DIS and ScanNet. Our weakly supervised method with only 10\% and 1\% of labels can produce compatible results with the fully supervised counterpart.      
### 9.Standardized Max Logits: A Simple yet Effective Approach for Identifying Unexpected Road Obstacles in Urban-Scene Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11264.pdf)
>  Identifying unexpected objects on roads in semantic segmentation (e.g., identifying dogs on roads) is crucial in safety-critical applications. Existing approaches use images of unexpected objects from external datasets or require additional training (e.g., retraining segmentation networks or training an extra network), which necessitate a non-trivial amount of labor intensity or lengthy inference time. One possible alternative is to use prediction scores of a pre-trained network such as the max logits (i.e., maximum values among classes before the final softmax layer) for detecting such objects. However, the distribution of max logits of each predicted class is significantly different from each other, which degrades the performance of identifying unexpected objects in urban-scene segmentation. To address this issue, we propose a simple yet effective approach that standardizes the max logits in order to align the different distributions and reflect the relative meanings of max logits within each predicted class. Moreover, we consider the local regions from two different perspectives based on the intuition that neighboring pixels share similar semantic information. In contrast to previous approaches, our method does not utilize any external datasets or require additional training, which makes our method widely applicable to existing pre-trained segmentation models. Such a straightforward approach achieves a new state-of-the-art performance on the publicly available Fishyscapes Lost &amp; Found leaderboard with a large margin.      
### 10.Image-to-Image Translation with Low Resolution Conditioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11262.pdf)
>  Most image-to-image translation methods focus on learning mappings across domains with the assumption that images share content (e.g., pose) but have their own domain-specific information known as style. When conditioned on a target image, such methods aim to extract the style of the target and combine it with the content of the source image. In this work, we consider the scenario where the target image has a very low resolution. More specifically, our approach aims at transferring fine details from a high resolution (HR) source image to fit a coarse, low resolution (LR) image representation of the target. We therefore generate HR images that share features from both HR and LR inputs. This differs from previous methods that focus on translating a given image style into a target content, our translation approach being able to simultaneously imitate the style and merge the structural information of the LR target. Our approach relies on training the generative model to produce HR target images that both 1) share distinctive information of the associated source image; 2) correctly match the LR target image when downscaled. We validate our method on the CelebA-HQ and AFHQ datasets by demonstrating improvements in terms of visual quality, diversity and coverage. Qualitative and quantitative results show that when dealing with intra-domain image translation, our method generates more realistic samples compared to state-of-the-art methods such as Stargan-v2      
### 11.Adversarial Reinforced Instruction Attacker for Robust Vision-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11252.pdf)
>  Language instruction plays an essential role in the natural language grounded navigation tasks. However, navigators trained with limited human-annotated instructions may have difficulties in accurately capturing key information from the complicated instruction at different timesteps, leading to poor navigation performance. In this paper, we exploit to train a more robust navigator which is capable of dynamically extracting crucial factors from the long instruction, by using an adversarial attacking paradigm. Specifically, we propose a Dynamic Reinforced Instruction Attacker (DR-Attacker), which learns to mislead the navigator to move to the wrong target by destroying the most instructive information in instructions at different timesteps. By formulating the perturbation generation as a Markov Decision Process, DR-Attacker is optimized by the reinforcement learning algorithm to generate perturbed instructions sequentially during the navigation, according to a learnable attack score. Then, the perturbed instructions, which serve as hard samples, are used for improving the robustness of the navigator with an effective adversarial training strategy and an auxiliary self-supervised reasoning task. Experimental results on both Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN) and Navigation from Dialog History (NDH) tasks show the superiority of our proposed method over state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, the visualization analysis shows the effectiveness of the proposed DR-Attacker, which can successfully attack crucial information in the instructions at different timesteps. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/expectorlin/DR-Attacker" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Exploring Deep Registration Latent Spaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11238.pdf)
>  Explainability of deep neural networks is one of the most challenging and interesting problems in the field. In this study, we investigate the topic focusing on the interpretability of deep learning-based registration methods. In particular, with the appropriate model architecture and using a simple linear projection, we decompose the encoding space, generating a new basis, and we empirically show that this basis captures various decomposed anatomically aware geometrical transformations. We perform experiments using two different datasets focusing on lungs and hippocampus MRI. We show that such an approach can decompose the highly convoluted latent spaces of registration pipelines in an orthogonal space with several interesting properties. We hope that this work could shed some light on a better understanding of deep learning-based registration methods.      
### 13.Human Pose Estimation from Sparse Inertial Measurements through Recurrent Graph Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11214.pdf)
>  We propose the adjacency adaptive graph convolutional long-short term memory network (AAGC-LSTM) for human pose estimation from sparse inertial measurements, obtained from only 6 measurement units. The AAGC-LSTM combines both spatial and temporal dependency in a single network operation. This is made possible by equipping graph convolutions with adjacency adaptivity, which also allows for learning unknown dependencies of the human body joints. To further boost accuracy, we propose longitudinal loss weighting to consider natural movement patterns, as well as body-aware contralateral data augmentation. By combining these contributions, we are able to utilize the inherent graph nature of the human body, and can thus outperform the state of the art for human pose estimation from sparse inertial measurements.      
### 14.Multi-Modal Pedestrian Detection with Large Misalignment Based on Modal-Wise Regression and Multi-Modal IoU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11196.pdf)
>  The combined use of multiple modalities enables accurate pedestrian detection under poor lighting conditions by using the high visibility areas from these modalities together. The vital assumption for the combination use is that there is no or only a weak misalignment between the two modalities. In general, however, this assumption often breaks in actual situations. Due to this assumption's breakdown, the position of the bounding boxes does not match between the two modalities, resulting in a significant decrease in detection accuracy, especially in regions where the amount of misalignment is large. In this paper, we propose a multi-modal Faster-RCNN that is robust against large misalignment. The keys are 1) modal-wise regression and 2) multi-modal IoU for mini-batch sampling. To deal with large misalignment, we perform bounding box regression for both the RPN and detection-head with both modalities. We also propose a new sampling strategy called "multi-modal mini-batch sampling" that integrates the IoU for both modalities. We demonstrate that the proposed method's performance is much better than that of the state-of-the-art methods for data with large misalignment through actual image experiments.      
### 15.Developing efficient transfer learning strategies for robust scene recognition in mobile robotics using pre-trained convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11187.pdf)
>  We present four different robust transfer learning and data augmentation strategies for robust mobile scene recognition. By training three mobile-ready (EfficientNetB0, MobileNetV2, MobileNetV3) and two large-scale baseline (VGG16, ResNet50) convolutional neural network architectures on the widely available Event8, Scene15, Stanford40, and MIT67 datasets, we show the generalization ability of our transfer learning strategies. Furthermore, we tested the robustness of our transfer learning strategies under viewpoint and lighting changes using the KTH-Idol2 database. Also, the impact of inference optimization techniques on the general performance and the robustness under different transfer learning strategies is evaluated. Experimental results show that when employing transfer learning, Fine-Tuning in combination with extensive data augmentation improves the general accuracy and robustness in mobile scene recognition. We achieved state-of-the-art results using various baseline convolutional neural networks and showed the robustness against lighting and viewpoint changes in challenging mobile robot place recognition.      
### 16.LARGE: Latent-Based Regression through GAN Semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11186.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for solving regression tasks using few-shot or weak supervision. At the core of our method is the fundamental observation that GANs are incredibly successful at encoding semantic information within their latent space, even in a completely unsupervised setting. For modern generative frameworks, this semantic encoding manifests as smooth, linear directions which affect image attributes in a disentangled manner. These directions have been widely used in GAN-based image editing. We show that such directions are not only linear, but that the magnitude of change induced on the respective attribute is approximately linear with respect to the distance traveled along them. By leveraging this observation, our method turns a pre-trained GAN into a regression model, using as few as two labeled samples. This enables solving regression tasks on datasets and attributes which are difficult to produce quality supervision for. Additionally, we show that the same latent-distances can be used to sort collections of images by the strength of given attributes, even in the absence of explicit supervision. Extensive experimental evaluations demonstrate that our method can be applied across a wide range of domains, leverage multiple latent direction discovery frameworks, and achieve state-of-the-art results in few-shot and low-supervision settings, even when compared to methods designed to tackle a single task.      
### 17.Bias Loss for Mobile Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11170.pdf)
>  Compact convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have witnessed exceptional improvements in performance in recent years. However, they still fail to provide the same predictive power as CNNs with a large number of parameters. The diverse and even abundant features captured by the layers is an important characteristic of these successful CNNs. However, differences in this characteristic between large CNNs and their compact counterparts have rarely been investigated. In compact CNNs, due to the limited number of parameters, abundant features are unlikely to be obtained, and feature diversity becomes an essential characteristic. Diverse features present in the activation maps derived from a data point during model inference may indicate the presence of a set of unique descriptors necessary to distinguish between objects of different classes. In contrast, data points with low feature diversity may not provide a sufficient amount of unique descriptors to make a valid prediction; we refer to them as random predictions. Random predictions can negatively impact the optimization process and harm the final performance. This paper proposes addressing the problem raised by random predictions by reshaping the standard cross-entropy to make it biased toward data points with a limited number of unique descriptive features. Our novel Bias Loss focuses the training on a set of valuable data points and prevents the vast number of samples with poor learning features from misleading the optimization process. Furthermore, to show the importance of diversity, we present a family of SkipNet models whose architectures are brought to boost the number of unique descriptors in the last layers. Our Skipnet-M can achieve 1% higher classification accuracy than MobileNetV3 Large.      
### 18.Learning Discriminative Representations for Multi-Label Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11159.pdf)
>  Multi-label recognition is a fundamental, and yet is a challenging task in computer vision. Recently, deep learning models have achieved great progress towards learning discriminative features from input images. However, conventional approaches are unable to model the inter-class discrepancies among features in multi-label images, since they are designed to work for image-level feature discrimination. In this paper, we propose a unified deep network to learn discriminative features for the multi-label task. Given a multi-label image, the proposed method first disentangles features corresponding to different classes. Then, it discriminates between these classes via increasing the inter-class distance while decreasing the intra-class differences in the output space. By regularizing the whole network with the proposed loss, the performance of applying the wellknown ResNet-101 is improved significantly. Extensive experiments have been performed on COCO-2014, VOC2007 and VOC2012 datasets, which demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches by a significant margin of 3:5% on large-scale COCO dataset. Moreover, analysis of the discriminative feature learning approach shows that it can be plugged into various types of multi-label methods as a general module.      
### 19.Class-Incremental Domain Adaptation with Smoothing and Calibration for Surgical Report Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11091.pdf)
>  Generating surgical reports aimed at surgical scene understanding in robot-assisted surgery can contribute to documenting entry tasks and post-operative analysis. Despite the impressive outcome, the deep learning model degrades the performance when applied to different domains encountering domain shifts. In addition, there are new instruments and variations in surgical tissues appeared in robotic surgery. In this work, we propose class-incremental domain adaptation (CIDA) with a multi-layer transformer-based model to tackle the new classes and domain shift in the target domain to generate surgical reports during robotic surgery. To adapt incremental classes and extract domain invariant features, a class-incremental (CI) learning method with supervised contrastive (SupCon) loss is incorporated with a feature extractor. To generate caption from the extracted feature, curriculum by one-dimensional gaussian smoothing (CBS) is integrated with a multi-layer transformer-based caption prediction model. CBS smoothes the features embedding using anti-aliasing and helps the model to learn domain invariant features. We also adopt label smoothing (LS) to calibrate prediction probability and obtain better feature representation with both feature extractor and captioning model. The proposed techniques are empirically evaluated by using the datasets of two surgical domains, such as nephrectomy operations and transoral robotic surgery. We observe that domain invariant feature learning and the well-calibrated network improves the surgical report generation performance in both source and target domain under domain shift and unseen classes in the manners of one-shot and few-shot learning. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XuMengyaAmy/CIDACaptioning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Reservoir Computing Approach for Gray Images Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11077.pdf)
>  The paper proposes a novel approach for gray scale images segmentation. It is based on multiple features extraction from single feature per image pixel, namely its intensity value, using Echo state network. The newly extracted features -- reservoir equilibrium states -- reveal hidden image characteristics that improve its segmentation via a clustering algorithm. Moreover, it was demonstrated that the intrinsic plasticity tuning of reservoir fits its equilibrium states to the original image intensity distribution thus allowing for its better segmentation. The proposed approach is tested on the benchmark image Lena.      
### 21.Label Distribution Amendment with Emotional Semantic Correlations for Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11061.pdf)
>  By utilizing label distribution learning, a probability distribution is assigned for a facial image to express a compound emotion, which effectively improves the problem of label uncertainties and noises occurred in one-hot labels. In practice, it is observed that correlations among emotions are inherently different, such as surprised and happy emotions are more possibly synchronized than surprised and neutral. It indicates the correlation may be crucial for obtaining a reliable label distribution. Based on this, we propose a new method that amends the label distribution of each facial image by leveraging correlations among expressions in the semantic space. Inspired by inherently diverse correlations among word2vecs, the topological information among facial expressions is firstly explored in the semantic space, and each image is embedded into the semantic space. Specially, a class-relation graph is constructed to transfer the semantic correlation among expressions into the task space. By comparing semantic and task class-relation graphs of each image, the confidence of its label distribution is evaluated. Based on the confidence, the label distribution is amended by enhancing samples with higher confidence and weakening samples with lower confidence. Experimental results demonstrate the proposed method is more effective than compared state-of-the-art methods.      
### 22.Transporting Causal Mechanisms for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11055.pdf)
>  Existing Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) literature adopts the covariate shift and conditional shift assumptions, which essentially encourage models to learn common features across domains. However, due to the lack of supervision in the target domain, they suffer from the semantic loss: the feature will inevitably lose non-discriminative semantics in source domain, which is however discriminative in target domain. We use a causal view -- transportability theory -- to identify that such loss is in fact a confounding effect, which can only be removed by causal intervention. However, the theoretical solution provided by transportability is far from practical for UDA, because it requires the stratification and representation of an unobserved confounder that is the cause of the domain gap. To this end, we propose a practical solution: Transporting Causal Mechanisms (TCM), to identify the confounder stratum and representations by using the domain-invariant disentangled causal mechanisms, which are discovered in an unsupervised fashion. Our TCM is both theoretically and empirically grounded. Extensive experiments show that TCM achieves state-of-the-art performance on three challenging UDA benchmarks: ImageCLEF-DA, Office-Home, and VisDA-2017. Codes are available in Appendix.      
### 23.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Video Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11052.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for semantic segmentation has gained immense popularity since it can transfer knowledge from simulation to real (Sim2Real) by largely cutting out the laborious per pixel labeling efforts at real. In this work, we present a new video extension of this task, namely Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Video Semantic Segmentation. As it became easy to obtain large-scale video labels through simulation, we believe attempting to maximize Sim2Real knowledge transferability is one of the promising directions for resolving the fundamental data-hungry issue in the video. To tackle this new problem, we present a novel two-phase adaptation scheme. In the first step, we exhaustively distill source domain knowledge using supervised loss functions. Simultaneously, video adversarial training (VAT) is employed to align the features from source to target utilizing video context. In the second step, we apply video self-training (VST), focusing only on the target data. To construct robust pseudo labels, we exploit the temporal information in the video, which has been rarely explored in the previous image-based self-training approaches. We set strong baseline scores on 'VIPER to CityscapeVPS' adaptation scenario. We show that our proposals significantly outperform previous image-based UDA methods both on image-level (mIoU) and video-level (VPQ) evaluation metrics.      
### 24.MCDAL: Maximum Classifier Discrepancy for Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11049.pdf)
>  Recent state-of-the-art active learning methods have mostly leveraged Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) for sample acquisition; however, GAN is usually known to suffer from instability and sensitivity to hyper-parameters. In contrast to these methods, we propose in this paper a novel active learning framework that we call Maximum Classifier Discrepancy for Active Learning (MCDAL) which takes the prediction discrepancies between multiple classifiers. In particular, we utilize two auxiliary classification layers that learn tighter decision boundaries by maximizing the discrepancies among them. Intuitively, the discrepancies in the auxiliary classification layers' predictions indicate the uncertainty in the prediction. In this regard, we propose a novel method to leverage the classifier discrepancies for the acquisition function for active learning. We also provide an interpretation of our idea in relation to existing GAN based active learning methods and domain adaptation frameworks. Moreover, we empirically demonstrate the utility of our approach where the performance of our approach exceeds the state-of-the-art methods on several image classification and semantic segmentation datasets in active learning setups.      
### 25.Unrealistic Feature Suppression for Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11047.pdf)
>  Due to the unstable nature of minimax game between generator and discriminator, improving the performance of GANs is a challenging task. Recent studies have shown that selected high-quality samples in training improve the performance of GANs. However, sampling approaches which discard samples show limitations in some aspects such as the speed of training and optimality of the networks. In this paper we propose unrealistic feature suppression (UFS) module that keeps high-quality features and suppresses unrealistic features. UFS module keeps the training stability of networks and improves the quality of generated images. We demonstrate the effectiveness of UFS module on various models such as WGAN-GP, SNGAN, and BigGAN. By using UFS module, we achieved better Frechet inception distance and inception score compared to various baseline models. We also visualize how effectively our UFS module suppresses unrealistic features through class activation maps.      
### 26.Integrating Deep Learning and Augmented Reality to Enhance Situational Awareness in Firefighting Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11043.pdf)
>  We present a new four-pronged approach to build firefighter's situational awareness for the first time in the literature. We construct a series of deep learning frameworks built on top of one another to enhance the safety, efficiency, and successful completion of rescue missions conducted by firefighters in emergency first response settings. First, we used a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) system to classify and identify objects of interest from thermal imagery in real-time. Next, we extended this CNN framework for object detection, tracking, segmentation with a Mask RCNN framework, and scene description with a multimodal natural language processing(NLP) framework. Third, we built a deep Q-learning-based agent, immune to stress-induced disorientation and anxiety, capable of making clear navigation decisions based on the observed and stored facts in live-fire environments. Finally, we used a low computational unsupervised learning technique called tensor decomposition to perform meaningful feature extraction for anomaly detection in real-time. With these ad-hoc deep learning structures, we built the artificial intelligence system's backbone for firefighters' situational awareness. To bring the designed system into usage by firefighters, we designed a physical structure where the processed results are used as inputs in the creation of an augmented reality capable of advising firefighters of their location and key features around them, which are vital to the rescue operation at hand, as well as a path planning feature that acts as a virtual guide to assist disoriented first responders in getting back to safety. When combined, these four approaches present a novel approach to information understanding, transfer, and synthesis that could dramatically improve firefighter response and efficacy and reduce life loss.      
### 27.RewriteNet: Realistic Scene Text Image Generation via Editing Text in Real-world Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11041.pdf)
>  Scene text editing (STE), which converts a text in a scene image into the desired text while preserving an original style, is a challenging task due to a complex intervention between text and style. To address this challenge, we propose a novel representational learning-based STE model, referred to as RewriteNet that employs textual information as well as visual information. We assume that the scene text image can be decomposed into content and style features where the former represents the text information and style represents scene text characteristics such as font, alignment, and background. Under this assumption, we propose a method to separately encode content and style features of the input image by introducing the scene text recognizer that is trained by text information. Then, a text-edited image is generated by combining the style feature from the original image and the content feature from the target text. Unlike previous works that are only able to use synthetic images in the training phase, we also exploit real-world images by proposing a self-supervised training scheme, which bridges the domain gap between synthetic and real data. Our experiments demonstrate that RewriteNet achieves better quantitative and qualitative performance than other comparisons. Moreover, we validate that the use of text information and the self-supervised training scheme improves text switching performance. The implementation and dataset will be publicly available.      
### 28.WaveFill: A Wavelet-based Generation Network for Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11027.pdf)
>  Image inpainting aims to complete the missing or corrupted regions of images with realistic contents. The prevalent approaches adopt a hybrid objective of reconstruction and perceptual quality by using generative adversarial networks. However, the reconstruction loss and adversarial loss focus on synthesizing contents of different frequencies and simply applying them together often leads to inter-frequency conflicts and compromised inpainting. This paper presents WaveFill, a wavelet-based inpainting network that decomposes images into multiple frequency bands and fills the missing regions in each frequency band separately and explicitly. WaveFill decomposes images by using discrete wavelet transform (DWT) that preserves spatial information naturally. It applies L1 reconstruction loss to the decomposed low-frequency bands and adversarial loss to high-frequency bands, hence effectively mitigate inter-frequency conflicts while completing images in spatial domain. To address the inpainting inconsistency in different frequency bands and fuse features with distinct statistics, we design a novel normalization scheme that aligns and fuses the multi-frequency features effectively. Extensive experiments over multiple datasets show that WaveFill achieves superior image inpainting qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 29.A Deep Signed Directional Distance Function for Object Shape Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11024.pdf)
>  Neural networks that map 3D coordinates to signed distance function (SDF) or occupancy values have enabled high-fidelity implicit representations of object shape. This paper develops a new shape model that allows synthesizing novel distance views by optimizing a continuous signed directional distance function (SDDF). Similar to deep SDF models, our SDDF formulation can represent whole categories of shapes and complete or interpolate across shapes from partial input data. Unlike an SDF, which measures distance to the nearest surface in any direction, an SDDF measures distance in a given direction. This allows training an SDDF model without 3D shape supervision, using only distance measurements, readily available from depth camera or Lidar sensors. Our model also removes post-processing steps like surface extraction or rendering by directly predicting distance at arbitrary locations and viewing directions. Unlike deep view-synthesis techniques, such as Neural Radiance Fields, which train high-capacity black-box models, our model encodes by construction the property that SDDF values decrease linearly along the viewing direction. This structure constraint not only results in dimensionality reduction but also provides analytical confidence about the accuracy of SDDF predictions, regardless of the distance to the object surface.      
### 30.Domain Adaptive Video Segmentation via Temporal Consistency Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11004.pdf)
>  Video semantic segmentation is an essential task for the analysis and understanding of videos. Recent efforts largely focus on supervised video segmentation by learning from fully annotated data, but the learnt models often experience clear performance drop while applied to videos of a different domain. This paper presents DA-VSN, a domain adaptive video segmentation network that addresses domain gaps in videos by temporal consistency regularization (TCR) for consecutive frames of target-domain videos. DA-VSN consists of two novel and complementary designs. The first is cross-domain TCR that guides the prediction of target frames to have similar temporal consistency as that of source frames (learnt from annotated source data) via adversarial learning. The second is intra-domain TCR that guides unconfident predictions of target frames to have similar temporal consistency as confident predictions of target frames. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our proposed domain adaptive video segmentation network which outperforms multiple baselines consistently by large margins.      
### 31.Pruning Ternary Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10998.pdf)
>  We propose pruning ternary quantization (PTQ), a simple, yet effective, symmetric ternary quantization method. The method significantly compresses neural network weights to a sparse ternary of [-1,0,1] and thus reduces computational, storage, and memory footprints. We show that PTQ can convert regular weights to ternary orthonormal bases by simply using pruning and L2 projection. In addition, we introduce a refined straight-through estimator to finalize and stabilize the quantized weights. Our method can provide at most 46x compression ratio on the ResNet-18 structure, with an acceptable accuracy of 65.36%, outperforming leading methods. Furthermore, PTQ can compress a ResNet-18 model from 46 MB to 955KB (~48x) and a ResNet-50 model from 99 MB to 3.3MB (~30x), while the top-1 accuracy on ImageNet drops slightly from 69.7% to 65.3% and from 76.15% to 74.47%, respectively. Our method unifies pruning and quantization and thus provides a range of size-accuracy trade-off.      
### 32.Resource Efficient Mountainous Skyline Extraction using Shallow Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10997.pdf)
>  Skyline plays a pivotal role in mountainous visual geo-localization and localization/navigation of planetary rovers/UAVs and virtual/augmented reality applications. We present a novel mountainous skyline detection approach where we adapt a shallow learning approach to learn a set of filters to discriminate between edges belonging to sky-mountain boundary and others coming from different regions. Unlike earlier approaches, which either rely on extraction of explicit feature descriptors and their classification, or fine-tuning general scene parsing deep networks for sky segmentation, our approach learns linear filters based on local structure analysis. At test time, for every candidate edge pixel, a single filter is chosen from the set of learned filters based on pixel's structure tensor, and then applied to the patch around it. We then employ dynamic programming to solve the shortest path problem for the resultant multistage graph to get the sky-mountain boundary. The proposed approach is computationally faster than earlier methods while providing comparable performance and is more suitable for resource constrained platforms e.g., mobile devices, planetary rovers and UAVs. We compare our proposed approach against earlier skyline detection methods using four different data sets. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TouqeerAhmad/skyline_detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 33.Detail Preserving Residual Feature Pyramid Modules for Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10990.pdf)
>  Feature pyramids and iterative refinement have recently led to great progress in optical flow estimation. However, downsampling in feature pyramids can cause blending of foreground objects with the background, which will mislead subsequent decisions in the iterative processing. The results are missing details especially in the flow of thin and of small structures. We propose a novel Residual Feature Pyramid Module (RFPM) which retains important details in the feature map without changing the overall iterative refinement design of the optical flow estimation. RFPM incorporates a residual structure between multiple feature pyramids into a downsampling module that corrects the blending of objects across boundaries. We demonstrate how to integrate our module with two state-of-the-art iterative refinement architectures. Results show that our RFPM visibly reduces flow errors and improves state-of-art performance in the clean pass of Sintel, and is one of the top-performing methods in KITTI. According to the particular modular structure of RFPM, we introduce a special transfer learning approach that can dramatically decrease the training time compared to a typical full optical flow training schedule on multiple datasets.      
### 34.Human Pose Transfer with Disentangled Feature Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10984.pdf)
>  Deep generative models have made great progress in synthesizing images with arbitrary human poses and transferring poses of one person to others. However, most existing approaches explicitly leverage the pose information extracted from the source images as a conditional input for the generative networks. Meanwhile, they usually focus on the visual fidelity of the synthesized images but neglect the inherent consistency, which further confines their performance of pose transfer. To alleviate the current limitations and improve the quality of the synthesized images, we propose a pose transfer network with Disentangled Feature Consistency (DFC-Net) to facilitate human pose transfer. Given a pair of images containing the source and target person, DFC-Net extracts pose and static information from the source and target respectively, then synthesizes an image of the target person with the desired pose from the source. Moreover, DFC-Net leverages disentangled feature consistency losses in the adversarial training to strengthen the transfer coherence and integrates the keypoint amplifier to enhance the pose feature extraction. Additionally, an unpaired support dataset Mixamo-Sup providing more extra pose information has been further utilized during the training to improve the generality and robustness of DFC-Net. Extensive experimental results on Mixamo-Pose and EDN-10k have demonstrated DFC-Net achieves state-of-the-art performance on pose transfer.      
### 35.Score-Based Point Cloud Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10981.pdf)
>  Point clouds acquired from scanning devices are often perturbed by noise, which affects downstream tasks such as surface reconstruction and analysis. The distribution of a noisy point cloud can be viewed as the distribution of a set of noise-free samples $p(x)$ convolved with some noise model $n$, leading to $(p * n)(x)$ whose mode is the underlying clean surface. To denoise a noisy point cloud, we propose to increase the log-likelihood of each point from $p * n$ via gradient ascent -- iteratively updating each point's position. Since $p * n$ is unknown at test-time, and we only need the score (i.e., the gradient of the log-probability function) to perform gradient ascent, we propose a neural network architecture to estimate the score of $p * n$ given only noisy point clouds as input. We derive objective functions for training the network and develop a denoising algorithm leveraging on the estimated scores. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art methods under a variety of noise models, and shows the potential to be applied in other tasks such as point cloud upsampling.      
### 36.Pre-Clustering Point Clouds of Crop Fields Using Scalable Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10950.pdf)
>  In order to apply the recent successes of automated plant phenotyping and machine learning on a large scale, efficient and general algorithms must be designed to intelligently split crop fields into small, yet actionable, portions that can then be processed by more complex algorithms. In this paper we notice a similarity between the current state-of-the-art for this problem and a commonly used density-based clustering algorithm, Quickshift. Exploiting this similarity we propose a number of novel, application specific algorithms with the goal of producing a general and scalable plant segmentation algorithm. The novel algorithms proposed in this work are shown to produce quantitatively better results than the current state-of-the-art while being less sensitive to input parameters and maintaining the same algorithmic time complexity. When incorporated into field-scale phenotyping systems, the proposed algorithms should work as a drop in replacement that can greatly improve the accuracy of results while ensuring that performance and scalability remain undiminished.      
### 37.Pose Estimation and 3D Reconstruction of Vehicles from Stereo-Images Using a Subcategory-Aware Shape Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10898.pdf)
>  The 3D reconstruction of objects is a prerequisite for many highly relevant applications of computer vision such as mobile robotics or autonomous driving. To deal with the inverse problem of reconstructing 3D objects from their 2D projections, a common strategy is to incorporate prior object knowledge into the reconstruction approach by establishing a 3D model and aligning it to the 2D image plane. However, current approaches are limited due to inadequate shape priors and the insufficiency of the derived image observations for a reliable alignment with the 3D model. The goal of this paper is to show how 3D object reconstruction can profit from a more sophisticated shape prior and from a combined incorporation of different observation types inferred from the images. We introduce a subcategory-aware deformable vehicle model that makes use of a prediction of the vehicle type for a more appropriate regularisation of the vehicle shape. A multi-branch CNN is presented to derive predictions of the vehicle type and orientation. This information is also introduced as prior information for model fitting. Furthermore, the CNN extracts vehicle keypoints and wireframes, which are well-suited for model-to-image association and model fitting. The task of pose estimation and reconstruction is addressed by a versatile probabilistic model. Extensive experiments are conducted using two challenging real-world data sets on both of which the benefit of the developed shape prior can be shown. A comparison to state-of-the-art methods for vehicle pose estimation shows that the proposed approach performs on par or better, confirming the suitability of the developed shape prior and probabilistic model for vehicle reconstruction.      
### 38.Power Plant Classification from Remote Imaging with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10894.pdf)
>  Satellite remote imaging enables the detailed study of land use patterns on a global scale. We investigate the possibility to improve the information content of traditional land use classification by identifying the nature of industrial sites from medium-resolution remote sensing images. In this work, we focus on classifying different types of power plants from Sentinel-2 imaging data. Using a ResNet-50 deep learning model, we are able to achieve a mean accuracy of 90.0% in distinguishing 10 different power plant types and a background class. Furthermore, we are able to identify the cooling mechanisms utilized in thermal power plants with a mean accuracy of 87.5%. Our results enable us to qualitatively investigate the energy mix from Sentinel-2 imaging data, and prove the feasibility to classify industrial sites on a global scale from freely available satellite imagery.      
### 39.Regularising Inverse Problems with Generative Machine Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11191.pdf)
>  Deep neural network approaches to inverse imaging problems have produced impressive results in the last few years. In this paper, we consider the use of generative models in a variational regularisation approach to inverse problems. The considered regularisers penalise images that are far from the range of a generative model that has learned to produce images similar to a training dataset. We name this family \textit{generative regularisers}. The success of generative regularisers depends on the quality of the generative model and so we propose a set of desired criteria to assess models and guide future research. In our numerical experiments, we evaluate three common generative models, autoencoders, variational autoencoders and generative adversarial networks, against our desired criteria. We also test three different generative regularisers on the inverse problems of deblurring, deconvolution, and tomography. We show that the success of solutions restricted to lie exactly in the range of the generator is highly dependent on the ability of the generative model but that allowing small deviations from the range of the generator produces more consistent results.      
### 40.Cardiac CT segmentation based on distance regularized level set  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11119.pdf)
>  Before analy z ing the CT image, it is very important to segment the heart image, and the left ve ntricular (LV) inner and outer membrane segmentation is one of the most important contents. However, manual segmentation is tedious and time consuming. In order to facilitate doctors to focus on high tech tasks such as disease analysis and diagnosis, it is crucial to develop a fast and accurate segmentation method [1]. In view of this phenomenon, this paper uses distance regularized level set (DRL SE) to explore the segmentation effect of epicardium and endocardium 2 ]], which includes a distance regula riz ed t erm and an external energy term. Finally, five CT images are used to verify the proposed method, and image quality evaluation indexes such as dice score and Hausdorff distance are used to evaluate the segmentation effect. The results showed that the me tho d could separate the inner and outer membrane very well (endocardium dice = 0.9253, Hausdorff = 7.8740; epicardium Hausdorff = 0.9687, Hausdorff = 6 .      
### 41.RGB Image Classification with Quantum Convolutional Ansaetze  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11099.pdf)
>  With the rapid growth of qubit numbers and coherence times in quantum hardware technology, implementing shallow neural networks on the so-called Noisy Intermediate-Scale Quantum (NISQ) devices has attracted a lot of interest. Many quantum (convolutional) circuit ansaetze are proposed for grayscale images classification tasks with promising empirical results. However, when applying these ansaetze on RGB images, the intra-channel information that is useful for vision tasks is not extracted effectively. In this paper, we propose two types of quantum circuit ansaetze to simulate convolution operations on RGB images, which differ in the way how inter-channel and intra-channel information are extracted. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work of a quantum convolutional circuit to deal with RGB images effectively, with a higher test accuracy compared to the purely classical CNNs. We also investigate the relationship between the size of quantum circuit ansatz and the learnability of the hybrid quantum-classical convolutional neural network. Through experiments based on CIFAR-10 and MNIST datasets, we demonstrate that a larger size of the quantum circuit ansatz improves predictive performance in multiclass classification tasks, providing useful insights for near term quantum algorithm developments.      
### 42.Data-driven deep density estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11085.pdf)
>  Density estimation plays a crucial role in many data analysis tasks, as it infers a continuous probability density function (PDF) from discrete samples. Thus, it is used in tasks as diverse as analyzing population data, spatial locations in 2D sensor readings, or reconstructing scenes from 3D scans. In this paper, we introduce a learned, data-driven deep density estimation (DDE) to infer PDFs in an accurate and efficient manner, while being independent of domain dimensionality or sample size. Furthermore, we do not require access to the original PDF during estimation, neither in parametric form, nor as priors, or in the form of many samples. This is enabled by training an unstructured convolutional neural network on an infinite stream of synthetic PDFs, as unbound amounts of synthetic training data generalize better across a deck of natural PDFs than any natural finite training data will do. Thus, we hope that our publicly available DDE method will be beneficial in many areas of data analysis, where continuous models are to be estimated from discrete observations.      
### 43.Improving the Generalization of Meta-learning on Unseen Domains via Adversarial Shift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11056.pdf)
>  Meta-learning provides a promising way for learning to efficiently learn and achieves great success in many applications. However, most meta-learning literature focuses on dealing with tasks from a same domain, making it brittle to generalize to tasks from the other unseen domains. In this work, we address this problem by simulating tasks from the other unseen domains to improve the generalization and robustness of meta-learning method. Specifically, we propose a model-agnostic shift layer to learn how to simulate the domain shift and generate pseudo tasks, and develop a new adversarial learning-to-learn mechanism to train it. Based on the pseudo tasks, the meta-learning model can learn cross-domain meta-knowledge, which can generalize well on unseen domains. We conduct extensive experiments under the domain generalization setting. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed shift layer is applicable to various meta-learning frameworks. Moreover, our method also leads to state-of-the-art performance on different cross-domain few-shot classification benchmarks and produces good results on cross-domain few-shot regression.      
### 44.3D Radar Velocity Maps for Uncertain Dynamic Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11039.pdf)
>  Future urban transportation concepts include a mixture of ground and air vehicles with varying degrees of autonomy in a congested environment. In such dynamic environments, occupancy maps alone are not sufficient for safe path planning. Safe and efficient transportation requires reasoning about the 3D flow of traffic and properly modeling uncertainty. Several different approaches can be taken for developing 3D velocity maps. This paper explores a Bayesian approach that captures our uncertainty in the map given training data. The approach involves projecting spatial coordinates into a high-dimensional feature space and then applying Bayesian linear regression to make predictions and quantify uncertainty in our estimates. On a collection of air and ground datasets, we demonstrate that this approach is effective and more scalable than several alternative approaches.      
### 45.AD-GAN: End-to-end Unsupervised Nuclei Segmentation with Aligned Disentangling Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11022.pdf)
>  We consider unsupervised cell nuclei segmentation in this paper. Exploiting the recently-proposed unpaired image-to-image translation between cell nuclei images and randomly synthetic masks, existing approaches, e.g., CycleGAN, have achieved encouraging results. However, these methods usually take a two-stage pipeline and fail to learn end-to-end in cell nuclei images. More seriously, they could lead to the lossy transformation problem, i.e., the content inconsistency between the original images and the corresponding segmentation output. To address these limitations, we propose a novel end-to-end unsupervised framework called Aligned Disentangling Generative Adversarial Network (AD-GAN). Distinctively, AD-GAN introduces representation disentanglement to separate content representation (the underling spatial structure) from style representation (the rendering of the structure). With this framework, spatial structure can be preserved explicitly, enabling a significant reduction of macro-level lossy transformation. We also propose a novel training algorithm able to align the disentangled content in the latent space to reduce micro-level lossy transformation. Evaluations on real-world 2D and 3D datasets show that AD-GAN substantially outperforms the other comparison methods and the professional software both quantitatively and qualitatively. Specifically, the proposed AD-GAN leads to significant improvement over the current best unsupervised methods by an average 17.8% relatively (w.r.t. the metric DICE) on four cell nuclei datasets. As an unsupervised method, AD-GAN even performs competitive with the best supervised models, taking a further leap towards end-to-end unsupervised nuclei segmentation.      
### 46.3D Brain Reconstruction by Hierarchical Shape-Perception Network from a Single Incomplete Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11010.pdf)
>  3D shape reconstruction is essential in the navigation of minimally-invasive and auto robot-guided surgeries whose operating environments are indirect and narrow, and there have been some works that focused on reconstructing the 3D shape of the surgical organ through limited 2D information available. However, the lack and incompleteness of such information caused by intraoperative emergencies (such as bleeding) and risk control conditions have not been considered. In this paper, a novel hierarchical shape-perception network (HSPN) is proposed to reconstruct the 3D point clouds (PCs) of specific brains from one single incomplete image with low latency. A tree-structured predictor and several hierarchical attention pipelines are constructed to generate point clouds that accurately describe the incomplete images and then complete these point clouds with high quality. Meanwhile, attention gate blocks (AGBs) are designed to efficiently aggregate geometric local features of incomplete PCs transmitted by hierarchical attention pipelines and internal features of reconstructing point clouds. With the proposed HSPN, 3D shape perception and completion can be achieved spontaneously. Comprehensive results measured by Chamfer distance and PC-to-PC error demonstrate that the performance of the proposed HSPN outperforms other competitive methods in terms of qualitative displays, quantitative experiment, and classification evaluation.      
### 47.SuperCaustics: Real-time, open-source simulation of transparent objects for deep learning applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11008.pdf)
>  Transparent objects are a very challenging problem in computer vision. They are hard to segment or classify due to their lack of precise boundaries, and there is limited data available for training deep neural networks. As such, current solutions for this problem employ rigid synthetic datasets, which lack flexibility and lead to severe performance degradation when deployed on real-world scenarios. In particular, these synthetic datasets omit features such as refraction, dispersion and caustics due to limitations in the rendering pipeline. To address this issue, we present SuperCaustics, a real-time, open-source simulation of transparent objects designed for deep learning applications. SuperCaustics features extensive modules for stochastic environment creation; uses hardware ray-tracing to support caustics, dispersion, and refraction; and enables generating massive datasets with multi-modal, pixel-perfect ground truth annotations. To validate our proposed system, we trained a deep neural network from scratch to segment transparent objects in difficult lighting scenarios. Our neural network achieved performance comparable to the state-of-the-art on a real-world dataset using only 10% of the training data and in a fraction of the training time. Further experiments show that a model trained with SuperCaustics can segment different types of caustics, even in images with multiple overlapping transparent objects. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first such result for a model trained on synthetic data. Both our open-source code and experimental data are freely available online.      
### 48.Dynamic Proximal Unrolling Network for Compressive Sensing Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11007.pdf)
>  Recovering an underlying image from under-sampled measurements, Compressive Sensing Imaging (CSI) is a challenging problem and has many practical applications. Recently, deep neural networks have been applied to this problem with promising results, owing to its implicitly learned prior to alleviate the ill-poseness of CSI. However, existing neural network approaches require separate models for each imaging parameter like sampling ratios, leading to training difficulties and overfitting to specific settings. In this paper, we present a dynamic proximal unrolling network (dubbed DPUNet), which can handle a variety of measurement matrices via one single model without retraining. Specifically, DPUNet can exploit both embedded physical model via gradient descent and imposing image prior with learned dynamic proximal mapping leading to joint reconstruction. A key component of DPUNet is a dynamic proximal mapping module, whose parameters can be dynamically adjusted at inference stage and make it adapt to any given imaging setting. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed DPUNet can effectively handle multiple CSI modalities under varying sampling ratios and noise levels with only one model, and outperform the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 49.Photon-Starved Scene Inference using Single Photon Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11001.pdf)
>  Scene understanding under low-light conditions is a challenging problem. This is due to the small number of photons captured by the camera and the resulting low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). Single-photon cameras (SPCs) are an emerging sensing modality that are capable of capturing images with high sensitivity. Despite having minimal read-noise, images captured by SPCs in photon-starved conditions still suffer from strong shot noise, preventing reliable scene inference. We propose photon scale-space a collection of high-SNR images spanning a wide range of photons-per-pixel (PPP) levels (but same scene content) as guides to train inference model on low photon flux images. We develop training techniques that push images with different illumination levels closer to each other in feature representation space. The key idea is that having a spectrum of different brightness levels during training enables effective guidance, and increases robustness to shot noise even in extreme noise cases. Based on the proposed approach, we demonstrate, via simulations and real experiments with a SPAD camera, high-performance on various inference tasks such as image classification and monocular depth estimation under ultra low-light, down to &lt; 1 PPP.      
### 50.Compositional Models: Multi-Task Learning and Knowledge Transfer with Modular Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10963.pdf)
>  Conditional computation and modular networks have been recently proposed for multitask learning and other problems as a way to decompose problem solving into multiple reusable computational blocks. We propose a new approach for learning modular networks based on the isometric version of ResNet with all residual blocks having the same configuration and the same number of parameters. This architectural choice allows adding, removing and changing the order of residual blocks. In our method, the modules can be invoked repeatedly and allow knowledge transfer to novel tasks by adjusting the order of computation. This allows soft weight sharing between tasks with only a small increase in the number of parameters. We show that our method leads to interpretable self-organization of modules in case of multi-task learning, transfer learning and domain adaptation while achieving competitive results on those tasks. From practical perspective, our approach allows to: (a) reuse existing modules for learning new task by adjusting the computation order, (b) use it for unsupervised multi-source domain adaptation to illustrate that adaptation to unseen data can be achieved by only manipulating the order of pretrained modules, (c) show how our approach can be used to increase accuracy of existing architectures for image classification tasks such as ImageNet, without any parameter increase, by reusing the same block multiple times.      
### 51.Domain Generalization under Conditional and Label Shifts via Variational Bayesian Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10931.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a domain generalization (DG) approach to learn on several labeled source domains and transfer knowledge to a target domain that is inaccessible in training. Considering the inherent conditional and label shifts, we would expect the alignment of $p(x|y)$ and $p(y)$. However, the widely used domain invariant feature learning (IFL) methods relies on aligning the marginal concept shift w.r.t. $p(x)$, which rests on an unrealistic assumption that $p(y)$ is invariant across domains. We thereby propose a novel variational Bayesian inference framework to enforce the conditional distribution alignment w.r.t. $p(x|y)$ via the prior distribution matching in a latent space, which also takes the marginal label shift w.r.t. $p(y)$ into consideration with the posterior alignment. Extensive experiments on various benchmarks demonstrate that our framework is robust to the label shift and the cross-domain accuracy is significantly improved, thereby achieving superior performance over the conventional IFL counterparts.      
### 52.Explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) in deep learning-based medical image analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10912.pdf)
>  With an increase in deep learning-based methods, the call for explainability of such methods grows, especially in high-stakes decision making areas such as medical image analysis. This survey presents an overview of eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) used in deep learning-based medical image analysis. A framework of XAI criteria is introduced to classify deep learning-based medical image analysis methods. Papers on XAI techniques in medical image analysis are then surveyed and categorized according to the framework and according to anatomical location. The paper concludes with an outlook of future opportunities for XAI in medical image analysis.      
### 53.SAGE: A Split-Architecture Methodology for Efficient End-to-End Autonomous Vehicle Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10895.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles (AV) are expected to revolutionize transportation and improve road safety significantly. However, these benefits do not come without cost; AVs require large Deep-Learning (DL) models and powerful hardware platforms to operate reliably in real-time, requiring between several hundred watts to one kilowatt of power. This power consumption can dramatically reduce vehicles' driving range and affect emissions. To address this problem, we propose SAGE: a methodology for selectively offloading the key energy-consuming modules of DL architectures to the cloud to optimize edge energy usage while meeting real-time latency constraints. Furthermore, we leverage Head Network Distillation (HND) to introduce efficient bottlenecks within the DL architecture in order to minimize the network overhead costs of offloading with almost no degradation in the model's performance. We evaluate SAGE using an Nvidia Jetson TX2 and an industry-standard Nvidia Drive PX2 as the AV edge devices and demonstrate that our offloading strategy is practical for a wide range of DL models and internet connection bandwidths on 3G, 4G LTE, and WiFi technologies. Compared to edge-only computation, SAGE reduces energy consumption by an average of 36.13%, 47.07%, and 55.66% for an AV with one low-resolution camera, one high-resolution camera, and three high-resolution cameras, respectively. SAGE also reduces upload data size by up to 98.40% compared to direct camera offloading.      
### 54.On the Certified Robustness for Ensemble Models and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10873.pdf)
>  Recent studies show that deep neural networks (DNN) are vulnerable to adversarial examples, which aim to mislead DNNs by adding perturbations with small magnitude. To defend against such attacks, both empirical and theoretical defense approaches have been extensively studied for a single ML model. In this work, we aim to analyze and provide the certified robustness for ensemble ML models, together with the sufficient and necessary conditions of robustness for different ensemble protocols. Although ensemble models are shown more robust than a single model empirically; surprisingly, we find that in terms of the certified robustness the standard ensemble models only achieve marginal improvement compared to a single model. Thus, to explore the conditions that guarantee to provide certifiably robust ensemble ML models, we first prove that diversified gradient and large confidence margin are sufficient and necessary conditions for certifiably robust ensemble models under the model-smoothness assumption. We then provide the bounded model-smoothness analysis based on the proposed Ensemble-before-Smoothing strategy. We also prove that an ensemble model can always achieve higher certified robustness than a single base model under mild conditions. Inspired by the theoretical findings, we propose the lightweight Diversity Regularized Training (DRT) to train certifiably robust ensemble ML models. Extensive experiments show that our DRT enhanced ensembles can consistently achieve higher certified robustness than existing single and ensemble ML models, demonstrating the state-of-the-art certified L2-robustness on MNIST, CIFAR-10, and ImageNet datasets.      
