# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 9 Jan 2019
### 1.Panoptic Feature Pyramid Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02446.pdf)
>  The recently introduced panoptic segmentation task has renewed our community&#39;s interest in unifying the tasks of instance segmentation (for thing classes) and semantic segmentation (for stuff classes). However, current state-of-the-art methods for this joint task use separate and dissimilar networks for instance and semantic segmentation, without performing any shared computation. In this work, we aim to unify these methods at the architectural level, designing a single network for both tasks. Our approach is to endow Mask R-CNN, a popular instance segmentation method, with a semantic segmentation branch using a shared Feature Pyramid Network (FPN) backbone. Surprisingly, this simple baseline not only remains effective for instance segmentation, but also yields a lightweight, top-performing method for semantic segmentation. In this work, we perform a detailed study of this minimally extended version of Mask R-CNN with FPN, which we refer to as Panoptic FPN, and show it is a robust and accurate baseline for both tasks. Given its effectiveness and conceptual simplicity, we hope our method can serve as a strong baseline and aid future research in panoptic segmentation. 
### 2.Unseen Object Segmentation in Videos via Transferable Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02444.pdf)
>  In order to learn object segmentation models in videos, conventional methods require a large amount of pixel-wise ground truth annotations. However, collecting such supervised data is time-consuming and labor-intensive. In this paper, we exploit existing annotations in source images and transfer such visual information to segment videos with unseen object categories. Without using any annotations in the target video, we propose a method to jointly mine useful segments and learn feature representations that better adapt to the target frames. The entire process is decomposed into two tasks: 1) solving a submodular function for selecting object-like segments, and 2) learning a CNN model with a transferable module for adapting seen categories in the source domain to the unseen target video. We present an iterative update scheme between two tasks to self-learn the final solution for object segmentation. Experimental results on numerous benchmark datasets show that the proposed method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art algorithms. 
### 3.Stable Electromyographic Sequence Prediction During Movement Transitions using Temporal Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02442.pdf)
>  Transient muscle movements influence the temporal structure of myoelectric signal patterns, often leading to unstable prediction behavior from movement-pattern classification methods. We show that temporal convolutional network sequential models leverage the myoelectric signal&#39;s history to discover contextual temporal features that aid in correctly predicting movement intentions, especially during interclass transitions. We demonstrate myoelectric classification using temporal convolutional networks to effect 3 simultaneous hand and wrist degrees-of-freedom in an experiment involving nine human-subjects. Temporal convolutional networks yield significant $(p&lt;0.001)$ performance improvements over other state-of-the-art methods in terms of both classification accuracy and stability. 
### 4.Richer and Deeper Supervision Network for Salient Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02425.pdf)
>  Recent Salient Object Detection (SOD) systems are mostly based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Specifically, Deeply Supervised Saliency (DSS) system has shown it is very useful to add short connections to the network and supervising on the side output. In this work, we propose a new SOD system which aims at designing a more efficient and effective way to pass back global information. Richer and Deeper Supervision (RDS) is applied to better combine features from each side output without demanding much extra computational space. Meanwhile, the backbone network used for SOD is normally pre-trained on the object classification dataset, ImageNet. But the pre-trained model has been trained on cropped images in order to only focus on distinguishing features within the region of the object. But the ignored background information is also significant in the task of SOD. We try to solve this problem by introducing the training data designed for object detection. A coarse global information is learned based on an entire image with its bounding box before training on the SOD dataset. The large-scale of object images can slightly improve the performance of SOD. Our experiment shows the proposed RDS network achieves the state-of-the-art results on five public SOD datasets. 
### 5.Morphological Networks for Image De-raining  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02411.pdf)
>  Mathematical morphological methods have successfully been applied to filter out (emphasize or remove) different structures of an image. However, it is argued that these methods could be suitable for the task only if the type and order of the filter(s) as well as the shape and size of operator kernel are designed properly. Thus the existing filtering operators are problem (instance) specific and are designed by the domain experts. In this work we propose a morphological network that emulates classical morphological filtering consisting of a series of erosion and dilation operators with trainable structuring elements. We evaluate the proposed network for image de-raining task where the SSIM and mean absolute error (MAE) loss corresponding to predicted and ground-truth clean image is back-propagated through the network to train the structuring elements. We observe that a single morphological network can de-rain an image with any arbitrary shaped rain-droplets and achieves similar performance with the contemporary CNNs for this task with a fraction of trainable parameters (network size). The proposed morphological network(MorphoN) is not designed specifically for de-raining and can readily be applied to similar filtering / noise cleaning tasks. The source code can be found here <a href="https://github.com/ranjanZ/2D-Morphological-Network">this https URL</a> 
### 6.GILT: Generating Images from Long Text  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02404.pdf)
>  Creating an image reflecting the content of a long text is a complex process that requires a sense of creativity. For example, creating a book cover or a movie poster based on their summary or a food image based on its recipe. In this paper we present the new task of generating images from long text that does not describe the visual content of the image directly. For this, we build a system for generating high-resolution 256 $\times$ 256 images of food conditioned on their recipes. The relation between the recipe text (without its title) to the visual content of the image is vague, and the textual structure of recipes is complex, consisting of two sections (ingredients and instructions) both containing multiple sentences. <br />We used the recipe1M dataset to train and evaluate our model that is based on a the StackGAN-v2 architecture. 
### 7.Robust and High Performance Face Detector  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02350.pdf)
>  In recent years, face detection has experienced significant performance improvement with the boost of deep convolutional neural networks. In this report, we reimplement the state-of-the-art detector SRN and apply some tricks proposed in the recent literatures to obtain an extremely strong face detector, named VIM-FD. In specific, we exploit more powerful backbone network like DenseNet-121, revisit the data augmentation based on data-anchor-sampling proposed in PyramidBox, and use the max-in-out label and anchor matching strategy in SFD. In addition, we also introduce the attention mechanism to provide additional supervision. Over the most popular and challenging face detection benchmark, i.e., WIDER FACE, the proposed VIM-FD achieves state-of-the-art performance. 
### 8.Unpaired Pose Guided Human Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02284.pdf)
>  This paper studies the task of full generative modelling of realistic images of humans, guided only by coarse sketch of the pose, while providing control over the specific instance or type of outfit worn by the user. This is a difficult problem because input and output domain are very different and direct image-to-image translation becomes infeasible. We propose an end-to-end trainable network under the generative adversarial framework, that provides detailed control over the final appearance while not requiring paired training data and hence allows us to forgo the challenging problem of fitting 3D poses to 2D images. The model allows to generate novel samples conditioned on either an image taken from the target domain or a class label indicating the style of clothing (e.g., t-shirt). We thoroughly evaluate the architecture and the contributions of the individual components experimentally. Finally, we show in a large scale perceptual study that our approach can generate realistic looking images and that participants struggle in detecting fake images versus real samples, especially if faces are blurred. 
### 9.3D Object Detection Using Scale Invariant and Feature Reweighting Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02237.pdf)
>  3D object detection plays an important role in a large number of real-world applications. It requires us to estimate the localizations and the orientations of 3D objects in real scenes. In this paper, we present a new network architecture which focuses on utilizing the front view images and frustum point clouds to generate 3D detection results. On the one hand, a PointSIFT module is utilized to improve the performance of 3D segmentation. It can capture the information from different orientations in space and the robustness to different scale shapes. On the other hand, our network obtains the useful features and suppresses the features with less information by a SENet module. This module reweights channel features and estimates the 3D bounding boxes more effectively. Our method is evaluated on both KITTI dataset for outdoor scenes and SUN-RGBD dataset for indoor scenes. The experimental results illustrate that our method achieves better performance than the state-of-the-art methods especially when point clouds are highly sparse. 
### 10.Interpretable BoW Networks for Adversarial Example Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02229.pdf)
>  The standard approach to providing interpretability to deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) consists of visualizing either their feature maps, or the image regions that contribute the most to the prediction. In this paper, we introduce an alternative strategy to interpret the results of a CNN. To this end, we leverage a Bag of visual Word representation within the network and associate a visual and semantic meaning to the corresponding codebook elements via the use of a generative adversarial network. The reason behind the prediction for a new sample can then be interpreted by looking at the visual representation of the most highly activated codeword. We then propose to exploit our interpretable BoW networks for adversarial example detection. To this end, we build upon the intuition that, while adversarial samples look very similar to real images, to produce incorrect predictions, they should activate codewords with a significantly different visual representation. We therefore cast the adversarial example detection problem as that of comparing the input image with the most highly activated visual codeword. As evidenced by our experiments, this allows us to outperform the state-of-the-art adversarial example detection methods on standard benchmarks, independently of the attack strategy. 
### 11.FakeCatcher: Detection of Synthetic Portrait Videos using Biological Signals  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02212.pdf)
>  As we enter into the AI era, the proliferation of deep learning approaches, especially generative models, passed beyond research communities as it is being utilized for both good and bad intentions of the society. While generative models get stronger by creating more representative replicas, this strength begins to pose a threat on information integrity. We would like to present an approach to detect synthesized content in the domain of portrait videos, as a preventive solution for this threat. In other words, we would like to build a deep fake detector. Our approach exploits biological signals extracted from facial areas based on the observation that these signals are not well-preserved spatially and temporally in synthetic content. First, we exhibit several unary and binary signal transformations for the pairwise separation problem, achieving 99.39% accuracy to detect fake portrait videos. Second, we use those findings to formulate a generalized classifier of authentic and fake content, by analyzing the characteristics of proposed signal transformations and their corresponding feature sets. We evaluated FakeCatcher both on Face Forensics dataset [46] and on our newly introduced Deep Fakes dataset, performing with 82.55% and 77.33% accuracy respectively. Third, we are also releasing this mixed dataset of synthesized videos that we collected as a part of our evaluation process, containing fake portrait videos &#34;in the wild&#34;, independent of a specific generative model, independent of the video compression, and independent of the context. We also analyzed the effects of different facial regions, video segment durations, and dimensionality reduction techniques and compared our detection rate to recent approaches. 
### 12.Explaining AlphaGo: Interpreting Contextual Effects in Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02184.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to disentangle and interpret contextual effects that are encoded in a pre-trained deep neural network. We use our method to explain the gaming strategy of the alphaGo Zero model. Unlike previous studies that visualized image appearances corresponding to the network output or a neural activation only from a global perspective, our research aims to clarify how a certain input unit (dimension) collaborates with other units (dimensions) to constitute inference patterns of the neural network and thus contribute to the network output. The analysis of local contextual effects w.r.t. certain input units is of special values in real applications. Explaining the logic of the alphaGo Zero model is a typical application. In experiments, our method successfully disentangled the rationale of each move during the Go game. 
### 13.Ensembles of feedforward-designed convolutional neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02154.pdf)
>  An ensemble method that fuses the output decision vectors of multiple feedforward-designed convolutional neural networks (FF-CNNs) to solve the image classification problem is proposed in this work. To enhance the performance of the ensemble system, it is critical to increasing the diversity of FF-CNN models. To achieve this objective, we introduce diversities by adopting three strategies: 1) different parameter settings in convolutional layers, 2) flexible feature subsets fed into the Fully-connected (FC) layers, and 3) multiple image embeddings of the same input source. Furthermore, we partition input samples into easy and hard ones based on their decision confidence scores. As a result, we can develop a new ensemble system tailored to hard samples to further boost classification accuracy. Experiments are conducted on the MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness of the ensemble method. 
### 14.Spatial-Winograd Pruning Enabling Sparse Winograd Convolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02132.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are deployed in various applications but demand immense computational requirements. Pruning techniques and Winograd convolution are two typical methods to reduce the CNN computation. However, they cannot be directly combined because Winograd transformation fills in the sparsity resulting from pruning. Li et al. (2017) propose sparse Winograd convolution in which weights are directly pruned in the Winograd domain, but this technique is not very practical because Winograd-domain retraining requires low learning rates and hence significantly longer training time. Besides, Liu et al. (2018) move the ReLU function into the Winograd domain, which can help increase the weight sparsity but requires changes in the network structure. To achieve a high Winograd-domain weight sparsity without changing network structures, we propose a new pruning method, spatial-Winograd pruning. As the first step, spatial-domain weights are pruned in a structured way, which efficiently transfers the spatial-domain sparsity into the Winograd domain and avoids Winograd-domain retraining. For the next step, we also perform pruning and retraining directly in the Winograd domain but propose to use an importance factor matrix to adjust weight importance and weight gradients. This adjustment makes it possible to effectively retrain the pruned Winograd-domain network without changing the network structure. For the three models on the datasets of CIFAR10, CIFAR-100, and ImageNet, our proposed method can achieve the Winograd domain sparsities of 63%, 50%, and 74%, respectively. 
### 15.Dynamics are Important for the Recognition of Equine Pain in Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02106.pdf)
>  A prerequisite to successfully alleviate pain in animals is to recognize it, which is a great challenge in non-verbal species. Furthermore, prey animals such as horses tend to hide their pain. In this study, we propose a deep recurrent two-stream architecture for the task of distinguishing pain from non-pain in videos of horses. Different models are evaluated on a unique dataset showing horses under controlled trials with moderate pain induction, which has been presented in earlier work. Sequential models are experimentally compared to single-frame models, showing the importance of the temporal dimension of the data, and are benchmarked against a veterinary expert classification of the data. We additionally perform baseline comparisons with generalized versions of state-of-the-art human pain recognition methods. While equine pain detection in machine learning is a novel field, our results surpass veterinary expert performance and outperform pain detection results reported for other larger non-human species. 
### 16.All Graphs Lead to Rome: Learning Geometric and Cycle-Consistent Representations with Graph Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02078.pdf)
>  Image feature matching is a fundamental part of many geometric computer vision applications, and using multiple images can improve performance. In this work, we formulate multi-image matching as a graph embedding problem then use a Graph Convolutional Network to learn an appropriate embedding function for aligning image features. We use cycle consistency to train our network in an unsupervised fashion, since ground truth correspondence is difficult or expensive to aquire. In addition, geometric consistency losses can be added at training time, even if the information is not available in the test set, unlike previous approaches that optimize cycle consistency directly. To the best of our knowledge, no other works have used learning for multi-image feature matching. Our experiments show that our method is competitive with other optimization based approaches. 
### 17.Convolutional Neural Networks on non-uniform geometrical signals using Euclidean spectral transformation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02070.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have been successful in processing data signals that are uniformly sampled in the spatial domain (e.g., images). However, most data signals do not natively exist on a grid, and in the process of being sampled onto a uniform physical grid suffer significant aliasing error and information loss. Moreover, signals can exist in different topological structures as, for example, points, lines, surfaces and volumes. It has been challenging to analyze signals with mixed topologies (for example, point cloud with surface mesh). To this end, we develop mathematical formulations for Non-Uniform Fourier Transforms (NUFT) to directly, and optimally, sample nonuniform data signals of different topologies defined on a simplex mesh into the spectral domain with no spatial sampling error. The spectral transform is performed in the Euclidean space, which removes the translation ambiguity from works on the graph spectrum. Our representation has four distinct advantages: (1) the process causes no spatial sampling error during the initial sampling, (2) the generality of this approach provides a unified framework for using CNNs to analyze signals of mixed topologies, (3) it allows us to leverage state-of-the-art backbone CNN architectures for effective learning without having to design a particular architecture for a particular data structure in an ad-hoc fashion, and (4) the representation allows weighted meshes where each element has a different weight (i.e., texture) indicating local properties. We achieve results on par with the state-of-the-art for the 3D shape retrieval task, and a new state-of-the-art for the point cloud to surface reconstruction task. 
### 18.Reproducibility Evaluation of SLANT Whole Brain Segmentation Across Clinical Magnetic Resonance Imaging Protocols  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02040.pdf)
>  Whole brain segmentation on structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is essential for understanding neuroanatomical-functional relationships. Traditionally, multi-atlas segmentation has been regarded as the standard method for whole brain segmentation. In past few years, deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) segmentation methods have demonstrated their advantages in both accuracy and computational efficiency. Recently, we proposed the spatially localized atlas network tiles (SLANT) method, which is able to segment a 3D MRI brain scan into 132 anatomical regions. Commonly, DCNN segmentation methods yield inferior performance under external validations, especially when the testing patterns were not presented in the training cohorts. Recently, we obtained a clinically acquired, multi-sequence MRI brain cohort with 1480 clinically acquired, de-identified brain MRI scans on 395 patients using seven different MRI protocols. Moreover, each subject has at least two scans from different MRI protocols. Herein, we assess the SLANT method&#39;s intra- and inter-protocol reproducibility. SLANT achieved less than 0.05 coefficient of variation (CV) for intra-protocol experiments and less than 0.15 CV for inter-protocol experiments. The results show that the SLANT method achieved high intra- and inter- protocol reproducibility. 
### 19.Spherical CNNs on Unstructured Grids  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02039.pdf)
>  We present an efficient convolution kernel for Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) on unstructured grids using parameterized differential operators while focusing on spherical signals such as panorama images or planetary signals. To this end, we replace conventional convolution kernels with linear combinations of differential operators that are weighted by learnable parameters. Differential operators can be efficiently estimated on unstructured grids using one-ring neighbors, and learnable parameters can be optimized through standard back-propagation. As a result, we obtain extremely efficient neural networks that match or outperform state-of-the-art network architectures in terms of performance but with a significantly lower number of network parameters. We evaluate our algorithm in an extensive series of experiments on a variety of computer vision and climate science tasks, including shape classification, climate pattern segmentation, and omnidirectional image semantic segmentation. Overall, we present (1) a novel CNN approach on unstructured grids using parameterized differential operators for spherical signals, and (2) we show that our unique kernel parameterization allows our model to achieve the same or higher accuracy with significantly fewer network parameters. 
### 20.Self-Supervised Learning from Web Data for Multimodal Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02004.pdf)
>  Self-Supervised learning from multimodal image and text data allows deep neural networks to learn powerful features with no need of human annotated data. Web and Social Media platforms provide a virtually unlimited amount of this multimodal data. In this work we propose to exploit this free available data to learn a multimodal image and text embedding, aiming to leverage the semantic knowledge learnt in the text domain and transfer it to a visual model for semantic image retrieval. We demonstrate that the proposed pipeline can learn from images with associated textwithout supervision and analyze the semantic structure of the learnt joint image and text embedding space. We perform a thorough analysis and performance comparison of five different state of the art text embeddings in three different benchmarks. We show that the embeddings learnt with Web and Social Media data have competitive performances over supervised methods in the text based image retrieval task, and we clearly outperform state of the art in the MIRFlickr dataset when training in the target data. Further, we demonstrate how semantic multimodal image retrieval can be performed using the learnt embeddings, going beyond classical instance-level retrieval problems. Finally, we present a new dataset, InstaCities1M, composed by Instagram images and their associated texts that can be used for fair comparison of image-text embeddings. 
### 21.Forecasting People Trajectories and Head Poses by Jointly Reasoning on Tracklets and Vislets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02000.pdf)
>  In this work, we explore the correlation between people trajectories and their head orientations. We argue that people trajectory and head pose forecasting can be modelled as a joint problem. Recent approaches on trajectory forecasting leverage short-term trajectories (aka tracklets) of pedestrians to predict their future paths. In addition, sociological cues, such as expected destination or pedestrian interaction, are often combined with tracklets. In this paper, we propose MiXing-LSTM (MX-LSTM) to capture the interplay between positions and head orientations (vislets) thanks to a joint unconstrained optimization of full covariance matrices during the LSTM backpropagation. We additionally exploit the head orientations as a proxy for the visual attention, when modeling social interactions. MX-LSTM predicts future pedestrians location and head pose, increasing the standard capabilities of the current approaches on long-term trajectory forecasting. Compared to the state-of-the-art, our approach shows better performances on an extensive set of public benchmarks. MX-LSTM is particularly effective when people move slowly, i.e. the most challenging scenario for all other models. The proposed approach also allows for accurate predictions on a longer time horizon. 
### 22.Truncated nuclear norm regularization for low-rank tensor completion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01997.pdf)
>  Recently, low-rank tensor completion has become increasingly attractive in recovering incomplete visual data. Considering a color image or video as a three-dimensional (3D) tensor, existing studies have put forward several definitions of tensor nuclear norm. However, they are limited and may not accurately approximate the real rank of a tensor, and they do not explicitly use the low-rank property in optimization. It is proved that the recently proposed truncated nuclear norm (TNN) can replace the traditional nuclear norm, as an improved approximation to the rank of a matrix. In this paper, we propose a new method called the tensor truncated nuclear norm (T-TNN), which suggests a new definition of tensor nuclear norm. The truncated nuclear norm is generalized from the matrix case to the tensor case. With the help of the low rankness of TNN, our approach improves the efficacy of tensor completion. We adopt the definition of the previously proposed tensor singular value decomposition, the alternating direction method of multipliers, and the accelerated proximal gradient line search method in our algorithm. Substantial experiments on real-world videos and images illustrate that the performance of our approach is better than those of previous methods. 
### 23.Fully-automatic segmentation of kidneys in clinical ultrasound images using a boundary distance regression network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01982.pdf)
>  It remains challenging to automatically segment kidneys in clinical ultrasound images due to the kidneys&#39; varied shapes and image intensity distributions, although semi-automatic methods have achieved promising performance. In this study, we developed a novel boundary distance regression deep neural network to segment the kidneys, informed by the fact that the kidney boundaries are relatively consistent across images in terms of their appearance. Particularly, we first use deep neural networks pre-trained for classification of natural images to extract high-level image features from ultrasound images, then these feature maps are used as input to learn kidney boundary distance maps using a boundary distance regression network, and finally the predicted boundary distance maps are classified as kidney pixels or non-kidney pixels using a pixel classification network in an end-to-end learning fashion. Experimental results have demonstrated that our method could effectively improve the performance of automatic kidney segmentation, significantly better than deep learning based pixel classification networks. 
### 24.Learning with Collaborative Neural Network Group by Reflection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02433.pdf)
>  For the present engineering of neural systems, the preparing of extensive scale learning undertakings generally not just requires a huge neural system with a mind boggling preparing process yet additionally troublesome discover a clarification for genuine applications. In this paper, we might want to present the Collaborative Neural Network Group (CNNG). CNNG is a progression of neural systems that work cooperatively to deal with various errands independently in a similar learning framework. It is advanced from a solitary neural system by reflection. Along these lines, in light of various circumstances removed by the calculation, the CNNG can perform diverse techniques when handling the information. The examples of chose methodology can be seen by human to make profound adapting more reasonable. In our execution, the CNNG is joined by a few moderately little neural systems. We give a progression of examinations to assess the execution of CNNG contrasted with other learning strategies. The CNNG is able to get a higher accuracy with a much lower training cost. We can reduce the error rate by 74.5% and reached the accuracy of 99.45% in MNIST with three feedforward networks (4 layers) in one training epoch. 
### 25.Interpretable CNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02413.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a generic method to learn interpretable convolutional filters in a deep convolutional neural network (CNN), where each interpretable filter encodes features of a specific object part. Our method does not require additional annotations of object parts or textures for supervision. Instead, we use the same training data as traditional CNNs. Our method automatically assigns each interpretable filter in a high conv-layer with an object part of a certain category during the learning process. Such explicit knowledge representations in conv-layers of CNN help people clarify the logic encoded in the CNN, i.e., answering what patterns the CNN extracts from an input image and uses for prediction. We have tested our method using different benchmark CNNs with various structures to demonstrate the broad applicability of our method. Experiments have shown that our interpretable filters are much more semantically meaningful than traditional filters. 
### 26.Sparse One-Time Grab Sampling of Inliers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02338.pdf)
>  Estimating structures in &#34;big data&#34; and clustering them are among the most fundamental problems in computer vision, pattern recognition, data mining, and many other other research fields. Over the past few decades, many studies have been conducted focusing on different aspects of these problems. One of the main approaches that is explored in the literature to tackle the problems of size and dimensionality is sampling subsets of the data in order to estimate the characteristics of the whole population, e.g. estimating the underlying clusters or structures in the data. In this paper, we propose a `one-time-grab&#39; sampling algorithm\cite{jaberi2015swift,jaberi2018sparse}. This method can be used as the front end to any supervised or unsupervised clustering method. Rather than focusing on the strategy of maximizing the probability of sampling inliers, our goal is to minimize the number of samples needed to instantiate all underlying model instances. More specifically, our goal is to answer the following question: {\em `Given a very large population of points with $C$ embedded structures and gross outliers, what is the minimum number of points $r$ to be selected randomly in one grab in order to make sure with probability $P$ that at least $\varepsilon$ points are selected on each structure, where $\varepsilon$ is the number of degrees of freedom of each structure.&#39;} 
### 27.FIGR: Few-shot Image Generation with Reptile  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02199.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) boast impressive capacity to generate realistic images. However, like much of the field of deep learning, they require an inordinate amount of data to produce results, thereby limiting their usefulness in generating novelty. In the same vein, recent advances in meta-learning have opened the door to many few-shot learning applications. In the present work, we propose Few-shot Image Generation using Reptile (FIGR), a GAN meta-trained with Reptile. Our model successfully generates novel images on both MNIST and Omniglot with as little as 4 images from an unseen class. We further contribute FIGR-8, a new dataset for few-shot image generation, which contains 1,548,944 icons categorized in over 18,409 classes. Trained on FIGR-8, initial results show that our model can generalize to more advanced concepts (such as &#34;bird&#34; and &#34;knife&#34;) from as few as 8 samples from a previously unseen class of images and as little as 10 training steps through those 8 images. This work demonstrates the potential of training a GAN for few-shot image generation and aims to set a new benchmark for future work in the domain. 
### 28.On the Dimensionality of Embeddings for Sparse Features and Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02103.pdf)
>  In this note we discuss a common misconception, namely that embeddings are always used to reduce the dimensionality of the item space. We show that when we measure dimensionality in terms of information entropy then the embedding of sparse probability distributions, that can be used to represent sparse features or data, may or not reduce the dimensionality of the item space. However, the embeddings do provide a different and often more meaningful representation of the items for a particular task at hand. Also, we give upper bounds and more precise guidelines for choosing the embedding dimension. 
