# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 4 Jan 2019
### 1.CLEVR-Ref+: Diagnosing Visual Reasoning with Referring Expressions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00850.pdf)
>  Referring object detection and referring image segmentation are important tasks that require joint understanding of visual information and natural language. Yet there has been evidence that current benchmark datasets suffer from bias, and current state-of-the-art models cannot be easily evaluated on their intermediate reasoning process. To address these issues and complement similar efforts in visual question answering, we build CLEVR-Ref+, a synthetic diagnostic dataset for referring expression comprehension. The precise locations and attributes of the objects are readily available, and the referring expressions are automatically associated with functional programs. The synthetic nature allows control over dataset bias (through sampling strategy), and the modular programs enable intermediate reasoning ground truth without human annotators. <br />In addition to evaluating several state-of-the-art models on CLEVR-Ref+, we also propose IEP-Ref, a module network approach that significantly outperforms other models on our dataset. In particular, we present two interesting and important findings using IEP-Ref: (1) the module trained to transform feature maps into segmentation masks can be attached to any intermediate module to reveal the entire reasoning process step-by-step; (2) even if all training data has at least one object referred, IEP-Ref can correctly predict no-foreground when presented with false-premise referring expressions. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first direct and quantitative proof that neural modules behave in the way they are intended. 
### 2.Face Recognition: A Novel Multi-Level Taxonomy based Survey  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00713.pdf)
>  In a world where security issues have been gaining growing importance, face recognition systems have attracted increasing attention in multiple application areas, ranging from forensics and surveillance to commerce and entertainment. To help understanding the landscape and abstraction levels relevant for face recognition systems, face recognition taxonomies allow a deeper dissection and comparison of the existing solutions. This paper proposes a new, more encompassing and richer multi-level face recognition taxonomy, facilitating the organization and categorization of available and emerging face recognition solutions; this taxonomy may also guide researchers in the development of more efficient face recognition solutions. The proposed multi-level taxonomy considers levels related to the face structure, feature support and feature extraction approach. Following the proposed taxonomy, a comprehensive survey of representative face recognition solutions is presented. The paper concludes with a discussion on current algorithmic and application related challenges which may define future research directions for face recognition. 
### 3.A Hierarchical Grocery Store Image Dataset with Visual and Semantic Labels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00711.pdf)
>  Image classification models built into visual support systems and other assistive devices need to provide accurate predictions about their environment. We focus on an application of assistive technology for people with visual impairments, for daily activities such as shopping or cooking. In this paper, we provide a new benchmark dataset for a challenging task in this application - classification of fruits, vegetables, and refrigerated products, e.g. milk packages and juice cartons, in grocery stores. To enable the learning process to utilize multiple sources of structured information, this dataset not only contains a large volume of natural images but also includes the corresponding information of the product from an online shopping website. Such information encompasses the hierarchical structure of the object classes, as well as an iconic image of each type of object. This dataset can be used to train and evaluate image classification models for helping visually impaired people in natural environments. Additionally, we provide benchmark results evaluated on pretrained convolutional neural networks often used for image understanding purposes, and also a multi-view variational autoencoder, which is capable of utilizing the rich product information in the dataset. 
### 4.Generating Multiple Objects at Spatially Distinct Locations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00686.pdf)
>  Recent improvements to Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have made it possible to generate realistic images in high resolution based on natural language descriptions such as image captions. Furthermore, conditional GANs allow us to control the image generation process through labels or even natural language descriptions. However, fine-grained control of the image layout, i.e. where in the image specific objects should be located, is still difficult to achieve. This is especially true for images that should contain multiple distinct objects at different spatial locations. We introduce a new approach which allows us to control the location of arbitrarily many objects within an image by adding an object pathway to both the generator and the discriminator. Our approach does not need a detailed semantic layout but only bounding boxes and the respective labels of the desired objects are needed. The object pathway focuses solely on the individual objects and is iteratively applied at the locations specified by the bounding boxes. The global pathway focuses on the image background and the general image layout. We perform experiments on the Multi-MNIST, CLEVR, and the more complex MS-COCO data set. Our experiments show that through the use of the object pathway we can control object locations within images and can model complex scenes with multiple objects at various locations. We further show that the object pathway focuses on the individual objects and learns features relevant for these, while the global pathway focuses on global image characteristics and the image background. 
### 5.GeoNet: Deep Geodesic Networks for Point Cloud Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00680.pdf)
>  Surface-based geodesic topology provides strong cues for object semantic analysis and geometric modeling. However, such connectivity information is lost in point clouds. Thus we introduce GeoNet, the first deep learning architecture trained to model the intrinsic structure of surfaces represented as point clouds. To demonstrate the applicability of learned geodesic-aware representations, we propose fusion schemes which use GeoNet in conjunction with other baseline or backbone networks, such as PU-Net and PointNet++, for down-stream point cloud analysis. Our method improves the state-of-the-art on multiple representative tasks that can benefit from understandings of the underlying surface topology, including point upsampling, normal estimation, mesh reconstruction and non-rigid shape classification. 
### 6.Active Learning with TensorBoard Projector  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00675.pdf)
>  An ML-based system for interactive labeling of image datasets is contributed in TensorBoard Projector to speed up image annotation performed by humans. The tool visualizes feature spaces and makes it directly editable by online integration of applied labels, and it is a system for verifying and managing machine learning data pertaining to labels. We propose realistic annotation emulation to evaluate the system design of interactive active learning, based on our improved semi-supervised extension of t-SNE dimensionality reduction. Our active learning tool can significantly increase labeling efficiency compared to uncertainty sampling, and we show that less than 100 labeling actions are typically sufficient for good classification on a variety of specialized image datasets. Our contribution is unique given that it needs to perform dimensionality reduction, feature space visualization and editing, interactive label propagation, low-complexity active learning, human perceptual modeling, annotation emulation and unsupervised feature extraction for specialized datasets in a production-quality implementation. 
### 7.Baseline Desensitizing In Translation Averaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00643.pdf)
>  Many existing translation averaging algorithms are either sensitive to disparate camera baselines and have to rely on extensive preprocessing to improve the observed Epipolar Geometry graph, or if they are robust against disparate camera baselines, require complicated optimization to minimize the highly nonlinear angular error objective. In this paper, we carefully design a simple yet effective bilinear objective function, introducing a variable to perform the requisite normalization. The objective function enjoys the baseline-insensitive property of the angular error and yet is amenable to simple and efficient optimization by block coordinate descent, with good empirical performance. A rotation-assisted Iterative Reweighted Least Squares scheme is further put forth to help deal with outliers. We also contribute towards a better understanding of the behavior of two recent convex algorithms, LUD and Shapefit/kick, clarifying the underlying subtle difference that leads to the performance gap. Finally, we demonstrate that our algorithm achieves overall superior accuracies in benchmark dataset compared to state-of-theart methods, and is also several times faster. 
### 8.Edge-Semantic Learning Strategy for Layout Estimation in Indoor Environment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00621.pdf)
>  Visual cognition of the indoor environment can benefit from the spatial layout estimation, which is to represent an indoor scene with a 2D box on a monocular image. In this paper, we propose to fully exploit the edge and semantic information of a room image for layout estimation. More specifically, we present an encoder-decoder network with shared encoder and two separate decoders, which are composed of multiple deconvolution (transposed convolution) layers, to jointly learn the edge maps and semantic labels of a room image. We combine these two network predictions in a scoring function to evaluate the quality of the layouts, which are generated by ray sampling and from a predefined layout pool. Guided by the scoring function, we apply a novel refinement strategy to further optimize the layout hypotheses. Experimental results show that the proposed network can yield accurate estimates of edge maps and semantic labels. By fully utilizing the two different types of labels, the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art layout estimation performance on benchmark datasets. 
### 9.A Remote Sensing Image Dataset for Cloud Removal  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00600.pdf)
>  Cloud-based overlays are often present in optical remote sensing images, thus limiting the application of acquired data. Removing clouds is an indispensable pre-processing step in remote sensing image analysis. Deep learning has achieved great success in the field of remote sensing in recent years, including scene classification and change detection. However, deep learning is rarely applied in remote sensing image removal clouds. The reason is the lack of data sets for training neural networks. In order to solve this problem, this paper first proposed the Remote sensing Image Cloud rEmoving dataset (RICE). The proposed dataset consists of two parts: RICE1 contains 500 pairs of images, each pair has images with cloud and cloudless size of 512*512; RICE2 contains 450 sets of images, each set contains three 512*512 size images. , respectively, the reference picture without clouds, the picture of the cloud and the mask of its cloud. The dataset is freely available at \url{<a href="https://github.com/BUPTLdy/RICE_DATASET">this https URL</a>}. 
### 10.Adaptive Locality Preserving Regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00563.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel discriminative regression method, called adaptive locality preserving regression (ALPR) for classification. In particular, ALPR aims to learn a more flexible and discriminative projection that not only preserves the intrinsic structure of data, but also possesses the properties of feature selection and interpretability. To this end, we introduce a target learning technique to adaptively learn a more discriminative and flexible target matrix rather than the pre-defined strict zero-one label matrix for regression. Then a locality preserving constraint regularized by the adaptive learned weights is further introduced to guide the projection learning, which is beneficial to learn a more discriminative projection and avoid overfitting. Moreover, we replace the conventional `Frobenius norm&#39; with the special l21 norm to constrain the projection, which enables the method to adaptively select the most important features from the original high-dimensional data for feature extraction. In this way, the negative influence of the redundant features and noises residing in the original data can be greatly eliminated. Besides, the proposed method has good interpretability for features owing to the row-sparsity property of the l21 norm. Extensive experiments conducted on the synthetic database with manifold structure and many real-world databases prove the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 11.Photo-Sketching: Inferring Contour Drawings from Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00542.pdf)
>  Edges, boundaries and contours are important subjects of study in both computer graphics and computer vision. On one hand, they are the 2D elements that convey 3D shapes, on the other hand, they are indicative of occlusion events and thus separation of objects or semantic concepts. In this paper, we aim to generate contour drawings, boundary-like drawings that capture the outline of the visual scene. Prior art often cast this problem as boundary detection. However, the set of visual cues presented in the boundary detection output are different from the ones in contour drawings, and also the artistic style is ignored. We address these issues by collecting a new dataset of contour drawings and proposing a learning-based method that resolves diversity in the annotation and, unlike boundary detectors, can work with imperfect alignment of the annotation and the actual ground truth. Our method surpasses previous methods quantitatively and qualitatively. Surprisingly, when our model fine-tunes on BSDS500, we achieve the state-of-the-art performance in salient boundary detection, suggesting contour drawing might be a scalable alternative to boundary annotation, which at the same time is easier and more interesting for annotators to draw. 
### 12.Visualizing Deep Similarity Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00536.pdf)
>  For convolutional neural network models that optimize an image embedding, we propose a method to highlight the regions of images that contribute most to pairwise similarity. This work is a corollary to the visualization tools developed for classification networks, but applicable to the problem domains better suited to similarity learning. The visualization shows how similarity networks that are fine-tuned learn to focus on different features. We also generalize our approach to embedding networks that use different pooling strategies and provide a simple mechanism to support image similarity searches on objects or sub-regions in the query image. 
### 13.Linear colour segmentation revisited  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00534.pdf)
>  In this work we discuss the known algorithms for linear colour segmentation based on a physical approach and propose a new modification of segmentation algorithm. This algorithm is based on a region adjacency graph framework without a pre-segmentation stage. Proposed edge weight functions are defined from linear image model with normal noise. The colour space projective transform is introduced as a novel pre-processing technique for better handling of shadow and highlight areas. The resulting algorithm is tested on a benchmark dataset consisting of the images of 19 natural scenes selected from the Barnard&#39;s DXC-930 SFU dataset and 12 natural scene images newly published for common use. The dataset is provided with pixel-by-pixel ground truth colour segmentation for every image. Using this dataset, we show that the proposed algorithm modifications lead to qualitative advantages over other model-based segmentation algorithms, and also show the positive effect of each proposed modification. The source code and datasets for this work are available for free access at <a href="http://github.com/visillect/segmentation">this http URL</a>. 
### 14.Flow Based Self-supervised Pixel Embedding for Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00520.pdf)
>  We propose a new self-supervised approach to image feature learning from motion cue. This new approach leverages recent advances in deep learning in two directions: 1) the success of training deep neural network in estimating optical flow in real data using synthetic flow data; and 2) emerging work in learning image features from motion cues, such as optical flow. Building on these, we demonstrate that image features can be learned in self-supervision by first training an optical flow estimator with synthetic flow data, and then learning image features from the estimated flows in real motion data. We demonstrate and evaluate this approach on an image segmentation task. Using the learned image feature representation, the network performs significantly better than the ones trained from scratch in few-shot segmentation tasks. 
### 15.Low-Cost Device Prototype for Automatic Medical Diagnosis Using Deep Learning Methods  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00751.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel low-cost device prototype for the automatic diagnosis of diseases, utilizing inputted symptoms and personal background. The engineering goal is to solve the problem of limited healthcare access with a single device. Diagnosing diseases automatically is an immense challenge, owing to their variable properties and symptoms. On the other hand, Neural Networks have developed into a powerful tool in the field of machine learning, one that is showing to be extremely promising at computing diagnosis even with inconsistent variables. <br />In this research, a cheap device was created to allow for straightforward diagnosis and treatment of human diseases. By utilizing Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), outfitted on a Raspberry Pi Zero processor ($5), the device is able to detect up to 1537 different diseases and conditions and utilize a CNN for on-device visual diagnostics. The user can input the symptoms using the buttons on the device and can take pictures using the same mechanism. The algorithm processes inputted symptoms, providing diagnosis and possible treatment options for common conditions. The purpose of this work was to be able to diagnose diseases through an affordable processor with high accuracy, as it is currently achieving an accuracy of 90% for Top-5 symptom-based diagnoses, and 91% for visual skin diseases. The NNs achieve performance far above any other tested system, and its efficiency and ease of use will prove it to be a helpful tool for people around the world. This device could potentially provide low-cost universal access to vital diagnostics and treatment options. 
### 16.Resource-Scalable CNN Synthesis for IoT Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00738.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art image recognition systems use sophisticated Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) that are designed and trained to identify numerous object classes. Such networks are fairly resource intensive to compute, prohibiting their deployment on resource-constrained embedded platforms. On one hand, the ability to classify an exhaustive list of categories is excessive for the demands of most IoT applications. On the other hand, designing a new custom-designed CNN for each new IoT application is impractical, due to the inherent difficulty in developing competitive models and time-to-market pressure. To address this problem, we investigate the question of: &#34;Can one utilize an existing optimized CNN model to automatically build a competitive CNN for an IoT application whose objects of interest are a fraction of categories that the original CNN was designed to classify, such that the resource requirement is proportionally scaled down?&#34; We use the term resource scalability to refer to this concept, and develop a methodology for automated synthesis of resource scalable CNNs from an existing optimized baseline CNN. The synthesized CNN has sufficient learning capacity for handling the given IoT application requirements, and yields competitive accuracy. The proposed approach is fast, and unlike the presently common practice of CNN design, does not require iterative rounds of training trial and error. 
### 17.Topology, homogeneity and scale factors for object detection: application of eCognition software for urban mapping using multispectral satellite image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00726.pdf)
>  The research scope of this paper is to apply spatial object based image analysis (OBIA) method for processing panchromatic multispectral image covering study area of Brussels for urban mapping. The aim is to map different land cover types and more specifically, built-up areas from the very high resolution (VHR) satellite image using OBIA approach. A case study covers urban landscapes in the eastern areas of the city of Brussels, Belgium. Technically, this research was performed in eCognition raster processing software demonstrating excellent results of image segmentation and classification. The tools embedded in eCognition enabled to perform image segmentation and objects classification processes in a semi-automated regime, which is useful for the city planning, spatial analysis and urban growth analysis. The combination of the OBIA method together with technical tools of the eCognition demonstrated applicability of this method for urban mapping in densely populated areas, e.g. in megapolis and capital cities. The methodology included multiresolution segmentation and classification of the created objects. 
### 18.Volumetric Convolution: Automatic Representation Learning in Unit Ball  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00616.pdf)
>  Convolution is an efficient technique to obtain abstract feature representations using hierarchical layers in deep networks. Although performing convolution in Euclidean geometries is fairly straightforward, its extension to other topological spaces---such as a sphere ($\mathbb{S}^2$) or a unit ball ($\mathbb{B}^3$)---entails unique challenges. In this work, we propose a novel `\emph{volumetric convolution}&#39; operation that can effectively convolve arbitrary functions in $\mathbb{B}^3$. We develop a theoretical framework for \emph{volumetric convolution} based on Zernike polynomials and efficiently implement it as a differentiable and an easily pluggable layer for deep networks. Furthermore, our formulation leads to derivation of a novel formula to measure the symmetry of a function in $\mathbb{B}^3$ around an arbitrary axis, that is useful in 3D shape analysis tasks. We demonstrate the efficacy of proposed volumetric convolution operation on a possible use-case i.e., 3D object recognition task. 
### 19.Multi-class Classification without Multi-class Labels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00544.pdf)
>  This work presents a new strategy for multi-class classification that requires no class-specific labels, but instead leverages pairwise similarity between examples, which is a weaker form of annotation. The proposed method, meta classification learning, optimizes a binary classifier for pairwise similarity prediction and through this process learns a multi-class classifier as a submodule. We formulate this approach, present a probabilistic graphical model for it, and derive a surprisingly simple loss function that can be used to learn neural network-based models. We then demonstrate that this same framework generalizes to the supervised, unsupervised cross-task, and semi-supervised settings. Our method is evaluated against state of the art in all three learning paradigms and shows a superior or comparable accuracy, providing evidence that learning multi-class classification without multi-class labels is a viable learning option. 
### 20.Honey Authentication with Machine Learning Augmented Bright-Field Microscopy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00516.pdf)
>  Honey has been collected and used by humankind as both a food and medicine for thousands of years. However, in the modern economy, honey has become subject to mislabelling and adulteration making it the third most faked food product in the world. The international scale of fraudulent honey has had both economic and environmental ramifications. In this paper, we propose a novel method of identifying fraudulent honey using machine learning augmented microscopy. 
