# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 15 Jan 2019
### 1.River Ice Segmentation with Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04412.pdf)
>  This paper deals with the problem of computing surface ice concentration for two different types of ice from river ice images. It presents the results of attempting to solve this problem using several state of the art semantic segmentation methods based on deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). This task presents two main challenges - very limited availability of labeled training data and the great difficulty of visually distinguishing the two types of ice, even for humans, leading to noisy labels.. The results are used to analyze the extent to which some of the best deep learning methods currently in existence can handle these challenges. 
### 2.Unsupervised Visual Feature Learning with Spike-timing-dependent Plasticity: How Far are we from Traditional Feature Learning Approaches?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04392.pdf)
>  Spiking neural networks (SNNs) equipped with latency coding and spike-timing dependent plasticity rules offer an alternative to solve the data and energy bottlenecks of standard computer vision approaches: they can learn visual features without supervision and can be implemented by ultra-low power hardware architectures. However, their performance in image classification has never been evaluated on recent image datasets. In this paper, we compare SNNs to auto-encoders on three visual recognition datasets, and extend the use of SNNs to color images. Results show that SNNs are not competitive yet with traditional feature learning approaches, especially for color features. Further analyses of the results allow us to identify some of the bottlenecks of SNNs and provide specific directions towards improving their performance on vision tasks. 
### 3.iPhys: An Open Non-Contact Imaging-Based Physiological Measurement Toolbox  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04366.pdf)
>  Imaging-based, non-contact measurement of physiology (including imaging photoplethysmography and imaging ballistocardiography) is a growing field of research. There are several strengths of imaging methods that make them attractive. They remove the need for uncomfortable contact sensors and can enable spatial and concomitant measurement from a single sensor. Furthermore, cameras are ubiquitous and often low-cost solutions for sensing. Open source toolboxes help accelerate the progress of research by providing a means to compare new approaches against standard implementations of the state-of-the-art. We present an open source imaging-based physiological measurement toolbox with implementations of many of the most frequently employed computational methods. We hope that this toolbox will contribute to the advancement of non-contact physiological sensing methods. 
### 4.Iterative Deep Learning Based Unbiased Stereology With Human-in-the-Loop  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04355.pdf)
>  Lack of enough labeled data is a major problem in building machine learning based models when the manual annotation (labeling) is error-prone, expensive, tedious, and time-consuming. In this paper, we introduce an iterative deep learning based method to improve segmentation and counting of cells based on unbiased stereology applied to regions of interest of extended depth of field (EDF) images. This method uses an existing machine learning algorithm called the adaptive segmentation algorithm (ASA) to generate masks (verified by a user) for EDF images to train deep learning models. Then an iterative deep learning approach is used to feed newly predicted and accepted deep learning masks/images (verified by a user) to the training set of the deep learning model. The error rate in unbiased stereology count of cells on an unseen test set reduced from about 3 % to less than 1 % after 5 iterations of the iterative deep learning based unbiased stereology process. 
### 5.DeepFlash: Turning a Flash Selfie into a Studio Portrait  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04252.pdf)
>  We present a method for turning a flash selfie taken with a smartphone into a photograph as if it was taken in a studio setting with uniform lighting. Our method uses a convolutional neural network trained on a set of pairs of photographs acquired in an ad-hoc acquisition campaign. Each pair consists of one photograph of a subject&#39;s face taken with the camera flash enabled and another one of the same subject in the same pose illuminated using a photographic studio-lighting setup. We show how our method can amend defects introduced by a close-up camera flash, such as specular highlights, shadows, skin shine, and flattened images. 
### 6.Semi-supervised Learning with Graphs: Covariance Based Superpixels For Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04240.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a graph-based semi-supervised framework for hyperspectral image classification. We first introduce a novel superpixel algorithm based on the spectral covariance matrix representation of pixels to provide a better representation of our data. We then construct a superpixel graph, based on carefully considered feature vectors, before performing classification. We demonstrate, through a set of experimental results using two benchmarking datasets, that our approach outperforms three state-of-the-art classification frameworks, especially when an extremely small amount of labelled data is used. 
### 7.Edge SLAM: Edge Points Based Monocular Visual SLAM  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04210.pdf)
>  Visual SLAM shows significant progress in recent years due to high attention from vision community but still, challenges remain for low-textured environments. Feature based visual SLAMs do not produce reliable camera and structure estimates due to insufficient features in a low-textured environment. Moreover, existing visual SLAMs produce partial reconstruction when the number of 3D-2D correspondences is insufficient for incremental camera estimation using bundle adjustment. This paper presents Edge SLAM, a feature based monocular visual SLAM which mitigates the above mentioned problems. Our proposed Edge SLAM pipeline detects edge points from images and tracks those using optical flow for point correspondence. We further refine these point correspondences using geometrical relationship among three views. Owing to our edge-point tracking, we use a robust method for two-view initialization for bundle adjustment. Our proposed SLAM also identifies the potential situations where estimating a new camera into the existing reconstruction is becoming unreliable and we adopt a novel method to estimate the new camera reliably using a local optimization technique. We present an extensive evaluation of our proposed SLAM pipeline with most popular open datasets and compare with the state-of-the art. Experimental result indicates that our Edge SLAM is robust and works reliably well for both textured and less-textured environment in comparison to existing state-of-the-art SLAMs. 
### 8.Multi-band Weighted $l_p$ Norm Minimization for Color and Multispectral Image Denoising  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04206.pdf)
>  Low rank matrix approximation (LRMA) has drawn increasing attention in recent years, due to its wide range of applications in computer vision and machine learning. However, LRMA, achieved by nuclear norm minimization (NNM), tends to over-shrink the rank components with the same threshold and ignore the differences between rank components. To address this problem, we propose a flexible and precise model named multi-band weighted $l_p$ norm minimization (MBWPNM). The proposed MBWPNM not only gives more accurate approximation with a Schatten $p$-norm, but also considers the prior knowledge where different rank components have different importance. We analyze the solution of MBWPNM and prove that MBWPNM is equivalent to a non-convex $l_p$ norm subproblems under certain weight condition, whose global optimum can be solved by a generalized soft-thresholding algorithm. We then adopt the MBWPNM algorithm to color and multispectral image denoising. Extensive experiments on additive white Gaussian noise removal and realistic noise removal demonstrate that the proposed MBWPNM achieves a better performance than several state-of-art algorithms. 
### 9.Fast and Robust Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation from Multiple Views  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04111.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of 3D pose estimation for multiple people in a few calibrated camera views. The main challenge of this problem is to find the cross-view correspondences among noisy and incomplete 2D pose predictions. Most previous methods address this challenge by directly reasoning in 3D using a pictorial structure model, which is inefficient due to the huge state space. We propose a fast and robust approach to solve this problem. Our key idea is to use a multi-way matching algorithm to cluster the detected 2D poses in all views. Each resulting cluster encodes 2D poses of the same person across different views and consistent correspondences across the keypoints, from which the 3D pose of each person can be effectively inferred. The proposed convex optimization based multi-way matching algorithm is efficient and robust against missing and false detections, without knowing the number of people in the scene. Moreover, we propose to combine geometric and appearance cues for cross-view matching. The proposed approach achieves significant performance gains from the state-of-the-art (96.3% vs. 90.6% and 96.9% vs. 88% on the Campus and Shelf datasets, respectively), while being efficient for real-time applications. 
### 10.Vehicles Detection Based on Background Modeling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04077.pdf)
>  Background image subtraction algorithm is a common approach which detects moving objects in a video sequence by finding the significant difference between the video frames and the static background model. This paper presents a developed system which achieves vehicle detection by using background image subtraction algorithm based on blocks followed by deep learning data validation algorithm. The main idea is to segment the image into equal size blocks, to model the static reference background image (SRBI), by calculating the variance between each block pixels and each counterpart block pixels in the adjacent frame, the system implemented into four different methods: Absolute Difference, Image Entropy, Exclusive OR (XOR) and Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT). The experimental results showed that the DCT method has the highest vehicle detection accuracy. 
### 11.GAN-based Virtual Re-Staining: A Promising Solution for Whole Slide Image Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04059.pdf)
>  Histopathological cancer diagnosis is based on visual examination of stained tissue slides. Hematoxylin and eosin (H\&amp;E) is a standard stain routinely employed worldwide. It is easy to acquire and cost effective, but cells and tissue components show low-contrast with varying tones of dark blue and pink, which makes difficult visual assessments, digital image analysis, and quantifications. These limitations can be overcome by IHC staining of target proteins of the tissue slide. IHC provides a selective, high-contrast imaging of cells and tissue components, but their use is largely limited by a significantly more complex laboratory processing and high cost. We proposed a conditional CycleGAN (cCGAN) network to transform the H\&amp;E stained images into IHC stained images, facilitating virtual IHC staining on the same slide. This data-driven method requires only a limited amount of labelled data but will generate pixel level segmentation results. The proposed cCGAN model improves the original network \cite{zhu_unpaired_2017} by adding category conditions and introducing two structural loss functions, which realize a multi-subdomain translation and improve the translation accuracy as well. % need to give reasons here. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms the original method in unpaired image translation with multi-subdomains. We also explore the potential of unpaired images to image translation method applied on other histology images related tasks with different staining techniques. 
### 12.The Liver Tumor Segmentation Benchmark (LiTS)  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04056.pdf)
>  In this work, we report the set-up and results of the Liver Tumor Segmentation Benchmark (LITS) organized in conjunction with the IEEE International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging (ISBI) 2016 and International Conference On Medical Image Computing Computer Assisted Intervention (MICCAI) 2017. Twenty four valid state-of-the-art liver and liver tumor segmentation algorithms were applied to a set of 131 computed tomography (CT) volumes with different types of tumor contrast levels (hyper-/hypo-intense), abnormalities in tissues (metastasectomie) size and varying amount of lesions. The submitted algorithms have been tested on 70 undisclosed volumes. The dataset is created in collaboration with seven hospitals and research institutions and manually reviewed by independent three radiologists. We found that not a single algorithm performed best for liver and tumors. The best liver segmentation algorithm achieved a Dice score of 0.96(MICCAI) whereas for tumor segmentation the best algorithm evaluated at 0.67(ISBI) and 0.70(MICCAI). The LITS image data and manual annotations continue to be publicly available through an online evaluation system as an ongoing benchmarking resource. 
### 13.A Machine-Synesthetic Approach To DDoS Network Attack Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04017.pdf)
>  In the authors&#39; opinion, anomaly detection systems, or ADS, seem to be the most perspective direction in the subject of attack detection, because these systems can detect, among others, the unknown (zero-day) attacks. To detect anomalies, the authors propose to use machine synesthesia. In this case, machine synesthesia is understood as an interface that allows using image classification algorithms in the problem of detecting network anomalies, making it possible to use non-specialized image detection methods that have recently been widely and actively developed. The proposed approach is that the network traffic data is &#34;projected&#34; into the image. It can be seen from the experimental results that the proposed method for detecting anomalies shows high results in the detection of attacks. On a large sample, the value of the complex efficiency indicator reaches 97%. 
### 14.RNN-based Generative Model for Fine-Grained Sketching  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03991.pdf)
>  Deep generative models have shown great promise when it comes to synthesising novel images. While they can generate images that look convincing on a higher-level, generating fine-grained details is still a challenge. In order to foster research on more powerful generative approaches, this paper proposes a novel task: generative modelling of 2D tree skeletons. Trees are an interesting shape class because they exhibit complexity and variations that are well-suited to measure the ability of a generative model to generated detailed structures. We propose a new dataset for this task and demonstrate that state-of-the-art generative models fail to synthesise realistic images on our benchmark, even though they perform well on current datasets like MNIST digits. Motivated by these results, we propose a novel network architecture based on combining a variational autoencoder using Recurrent Neural Networks and a convolutional discriminator. The network, error metrics and training procedure are adapted to the task of fine-grained sketching. Through quantitative and perceptual experiments, we show that our model outperforms previous work and that our dataset is a valuable benchmark for generative models. We will make our dataset publicly available. 
### 15.Auto-Retoucher(ART) - A framework for Background Replacement and Image Editing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03954.pdf)
>  Replacing the background and simultaneously adjusting foreground objects is a challenging task in image editing. Current techniques for generating such images relies heavily on user interactions with image editing softwares, which is a tedious job for professional retouchers. To reduce their workload, some exciting progress has been made on generating images with a given background. However, these models can neither adjust the position and scale of the foreground objects, nor guarantee the semantic consistency between foreground and background. To overcome these limitations, we propose a framework -- ART(Auto-Retoucher), to generate images with sufficient semantic and spatial consistency. Images are first processed by semantic matting and scene parsing modules, then a multi-task verifier model will give two confidence scores for the current background and position setting. We demonstrate that our jointly optimized verifier model successfully improves the visual consistency, and our ART framework performs well on images with the human body as foregrounds. 
### 16.Light-Field for RF  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03953.pdf)
>  Most computer vision systems and computational photography systems are visible light based which is a small fraction of the electromagnetic (EM) spectrum. In recent years radio frequency (RF) hardware has become more widely available, for example, many cars are equipped with a RADAR, and almost every home has a WiFi device. In the context of imaging, RF spectrum holds many advantages compared to visible light systems. In particular, in this regime, EM energy effectively interacts in different ways with matter. This property allows for many novel applications such as privacy preserving computer vision and imaging through absorbing and scattering materials in visible light such as walls. Here, we expand many of the concepts in computational photography in visible light to RF cameras. The main limitation of imaging with RF is the large wavelength that limits the imaging resolution when compared to visible light. However, the output of RF cameras is usually processed by computer vision and perception algorithms which would benefit from multi-modal sensing of the environment, and from sensing in situations in which visible light systems fail. To bridge the gap between computational photography and RF imaging, we expand the concept of light-field to RF. This work paves the way to novel computational sensing systems with RF. 
### 17.Image retrieval method based on CNN and dimension reduction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03924.pdf)
>  An image retrieval method based on convolution neural network and dimension reduction is proposed in this paper. Convolution neural network is used to extract high-level features of images, and to solve the problem that the extracted feature dimensions are too high and have strong correlation, multilinear principal component analysis is used to reduce the dimension of features. The features after dimension reduction are binary hash coded for fast image retrieval. Experiments show that the method proposed in this paper has better retrieval effect than the retrieval method based on principal component analysis on the e-commerce image datasets. 
### 18.Generalizing Fingerprint Spoof Detector: Learning a One-Class Classifier  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03918.pdf)
>  Prevailing fingerprint recognition systems are vulnerable to spoof attacks. To mitigate these attacks, automated spoof detectors are trained to distinguish a set of live or bona fide fingerprints from a set of known spoof fingerprints. However, spoof detectors remain vulnerable when exposed to attacks from spoofs made with materials not seen during training of the detector. To alleviate this shortcoming, we approach spoof detection as a one-class classification problem. The goal is to train a spoof detector on only the live fingerprints such that once the concept of &#34;live&#34; has been learned, spoofs of any material can be rejected. We accomplish this through training multiple generative adversarial networks (GANS) on live fingerprint images acquired with the open source, dual-camera, 1900 ppi RaspiReader fingerprint reader. Our experimental results, conducted on 5.5K spoof images (from 12 materials) and 11.8K live images show that the proposed approach improves the cross-material spoof detection performance over state-of-the-art one-class and binary class spoof detectors TDR = 84.4% vs. TDR = 40.3% (both @ FDR = 0.2%). 
### 19.LiFF: Light Field Features in Scale and Depth  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03916.pdf)
>  Feature detectors and descriptors are key low-level vision tools that many higher-level tasks build on. Unfortunately these fail in the presence of challenging light transport effects including partial occlusion, low contrast, and reflective or refractive surfaces. Building on spatio-angular imaging modalities offered by emerging light field cameras, we introduce a new and computationally efficient 4D light field feature detector and descriptor: LiFF. LiFF is scale invariant and utilizes the full 4D light field to detect features that are robust to changes in perspective. This is particularly useful for structure from motion (SfM) and other tasks that match features across viewpoints of a scene. We demonstrate significantly improved 3D reconstructions via SfM when using LiFF instead of the leading 2D or 4D features, and show that LiFF runs an order of magnitude faster than the leading 4D approach. Finally, LiFF inherently estimates depth for each feature, opening a path for future research in light field-based SfM. 
### 20.Automated Deep Photo Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03915.pdf)
>  Photorealism is a complex concept that cannot easily be formulated mathematically. Deep Photo Style Transfer is an attempt to transfer the style of a reference image to a content image while preserving its photorealism. This is achieved by introducing a constraint that prevents distortions in the content image and by applying the style transfer independently for semantically different parts of the images. In addition, an automated segmentation process is presented that consists of a neural network based segmentation method followed by a semantic grouping step. To further improve the results a measure for image aesthetics is used and elaborated. If the content and the style image are sufficiently similar, the result images look very realistic. With the automation of the image segmentation the pipeline becomes completely independent from any user interaction, which allows for new applications. 
### 21.Real-time Joint Object Detection and Semantic Segmentation Network for Automated Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03912.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are successfully used for various visual perception tasks including bounding box object detection, semantic segmentation, optical flow, depth estimation and visual SLAM. Generally these tasks are independently explored and modeled. In this paper, we present a joint multi-task network design for learning object detection and semantic segmentation simultaneously. The main motivation is to achieve real-time performance on a low power embedded SOC by sharing of encoder for both the tasks. We construct an efficient architecture using a small ResNet10 like encoder which is shared for both decoders. Object detection uses YOLO v2 like decoder and semantic segmentation uses FCN8 like decoder. We evaluate the proposed network in two public datasets (KITTI, Cityscapes) and in our private fisheye camera dataset, and demonstrate that joint network provides the same accuracy as that of separate networks. We further optimize the network to achieve 30 fps for 1280x384 resolution image. 
### 22.NRMVS: Non-Rigid Multi-View Stereo  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03910.pdf)
>  Scene reconstruction from unorganized RGB images is an important task in many computer vision applications. Multi-view Stereo (MVS) is a common solution in photogrammetry applications for the dense reconstruction of a static scene. The static scene assumption, however, limits the general applicability of MVS algorithms, as many day-to-day scenes undergo non-rigid motion, e.g., clothes, faces, or human bodies. In this paper, we open up a new challenging direction: dense 3D reconstruction of scenes with non-rigid changes observed from arbitrary, sparse, and wide-baseline views. We formulate the problem as a joint optimization of deformation and depth estimation, using deformation graphs as the underlying representation. We propose a new sparse 3D to 2D matching technique, together with a dense patch-match evaluation scheme to estimate deformation and depth with photometric consistency. We show that creating a dense 4D structure from a few RGB images with non-rigid changes is possible, and demonstrate that our method can be used to interpolate novel deformed scenes from various combinations of these deformation estimates derived from the sparse views. 
### 23.SteganoGAN: Pushing the Limits of Image Steganography  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03892.pdf)
>  Image steganography is a procedure for hiding messages inside pictures. While other techniques such as cryptography aim to prevent adversaries from reading the secret message, steganography aims to hide the presence of the message itself. In this paper, we propose a novel technique based on generative adversarial networks for hiding arbitrary binary data in images. We show that our approach achieves state-of-the-art payloads of 4.4 bits per pixel, evades detection by steganalysis tools, and is effective on images from multiple datasets. To enable fair comparisons, we have released an open source library that is available online at <a href="https://github.com/DAI-Lab/SteganoGAN">this https URL</a>. 
### 24.HorizonNet: Learning Room Layout with 1D Representation and Pano Stretch Data Augmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03861.pdf)
>  We present a new approach to the problem of estimating 3D room layout from a single panoramic image. We represent room layout as three 1D vectors that encode, at each image column, the boundary positions of floor-wall and ceiling-wall, and the existence of wall-wall boundary. The proposed network architecture, HorizonNet, trained for predicting 1D layout, outperforms previous state-of-the-art approaches. The designed post-processing procedure for recovering 3D room layouts from 1D predictions can automatically infer the room shape with low computation cost---it takes less than 20ms for a panorama image while prior works might need dozens of seconds. We also propose Pano Stretch Data Augmentation, which can diversify panorama data and be applied to other panorama-related learning tasks. Due to the limited training data available for non-cuboid layout, we re-annotate 65 general layout data from the current dataset for fine-tuning and qualitatively show the ability of our approach to estimate general layouts. 
### 25.Deep-learning-based identification of odontogenic keratocysts in hematoxylin- and eosin-stained jaw cyst specimens  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03857.pdf)
>  The aim of this study was to develop a digital histopathology system for identifying odontogenic keratocysts in hematoxylin- and eosin-stained tissue specimens of jaw cysts. Approximately 5000 microscopy images with 400$\times$ magnification were obtained from 199 odontogenic keratocysts, 208 dentigerous cysts, and 55 radicular cysts. A proportion of these images were used to make training patches, which were annotated as belonging to one of the following three classes: keratocysts, non-keratocysts, and stroma. The patches for the cysts contained the complete lining epithelium, with the cyst cavity being present on the upper side. The convolutional neural network (CNN) VGG16 was finetuned to this dataset. The trained CNN could recognize the basal cell palisading pattern, which is the definitive criterion for diagnosing keratocysts. Some of the remaining images were scanned and analyzed by the trained CNN, whose output was then used to train another CNN for binary classification (keratocyst or not). The area under the receiver operating characteristics curve for the entire algorithm was 0.997 for the test dataset. Thus, the proposed patch classification strategy is usable for automated keratocyst diagnosis. However, further optimization must be performed to make it suitable for practical use. 
### 26.One-view occlusion detection for stereo matching with a fully connected CRF model  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03852.pdf)
>  In this paper, we extend the standard belief propagation (BP) sequential technique proposed in the tree-reweighted sequential method to the fully connected CRF models with the geodesic distance affinity. The proposed method has been applied to the stereo matching problem. Also a new approach to the BP marginal solution is proposed that we call one-view occlusion detection (OVOD). In contrast to the standard winner takes all (WTA) estimation, the proposed OVOD solution allows to find occluded regions in the disparity map and simultaneously improve the matching result. As a result we can perform only one energy minimization process and avoid the cost calculation for the second view and the left-right check procedure. We show that the OVOD approach considerably improves results for cost augmentation and energy minimization techniques in comparison with the standard one-view affinity space implementation. We apply our method to the Middlebury data set and reach state-of-the-art especially for median, average and mean squared error metrics. 
### 27.Summarization and Visualization of Large Volumes of Broadcast Video Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03842.pdf)
>  Over the past few years, there has been an astounding growth in the number of news channels as well as the amount of broadcast news video data. As a result, it is imperative that automated methods need to be developed in order to effectively summarize and store this voluminous data. Format detection of news videos plays an important role in news video analysis. Our problem involves building a robust and versatile news format detector, which identifies the different band elements in a news frame. Probabilistic progressive Hough transform has been used for the detection of band edges. The detected bands are classified as natural images, computer generated graphics (non-text) and text bands. A contrast based text detector has been used to identify the text regions from news frames. Two classifers have been trained and evaluated for the labeling of the detected bands as natural or artificial - Support Vector Machine (SVM) Classifer with RBF kernel, and Extreme Learning Machine (ELM) classifier. The classifiers have been trained on a dataset of 6000 images (3000 images of each class). The ELM classifier reports a balanced accuracy of 77.38%, while the SVM classifier outperforms it with a balanced accuracy of 96.5% using 10-fold cross-validation. The detected bands which have been fragmented due to the presence of gradients in the image have been merged using a three-tier hierarchical reasoning model. The bands were detected with a Jaccard Index of 0.8138, when compared to manually marked ground truth data. We have also presented an extensive literature review of previous work done towards news videos format detection, element band classification, and associative reasoning. 
### 28.Boundary-Aware Network for Fast and High-Accuracy Portrait Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03814.pdf)
>  Compared with other semantic segmentation tasks, portrait segmentation requires both higher precision and faster inference speed. However, this problem has not been well studied in previous works. In this paper, we propose a lightweight network architecture, called Boundary-Aware Network (BANet) which selectively extracts detail information in boundary area to make high-quality segmentation output with real-time( &gt;25FPS) speed. In addition, we design a new loss function called refine loss which supervises the network with image level gradient information. Our model is able to produce finer segmentation results which has richer details than annotations. 
### 29.3D Human Pose Machines with Self-supervised Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03798.pdf)
>  Driven by recent computer vision and robotic applications, recovering 3D human poses has become increasingly important and attracted growing interests. In fact, completing this task is quite challenging due to the diverse appearances, viewpoints, occlusions and inherently geometric ambiguities inside monocular images. Most of the existing methods focus on designing some elaborate priors /constraints to directly regress 3D human poses based on the corresponding 2D human pose-aware features or 2D pose predictions. However, due to the insufficient 3D pose data for training and the domain gap between 2D space and 3D space, these methods have limited scalabilities for all practical scenarios (e.g., outdoor scene). Attempt to address this issue, this paper proposes a simple yet effective self-supervised correction mechanism to learn all intrinsic structures of human poses from abundant images. Specifically, the proposed mechanism involves two dual learning tasks, i.e., the 2D-to-3D pose transformation and 3D-to-2D pose projection, to serve as a bridge between 3D and 2D human poses in a type of &#34;free&#34; self-supervision for accurate 3D human pose estimation. The 2D-to-3D pose implies to sequentially regress intermediate 3D poses by transforming the pose representation from the 2D domain to the 3D domain under the sequence-dependent temporal context, while the 3D-to-2D pose projection contributes to refining the intermediate 3D poses by maintaining geometric consistency between the 2D projections of 3D poses and the estimated 2D poses. We further apply our self-supervised correction mechanism to develop a 3D human pose machine, which jointly integrates the 2D spatial relationship, temporal smoothness of predictions and 3D geometric knowledge. Extensive evaluations demonstrate the superior performance and efficiency of our framework over all the compared competing methods. 
### 30.Learning Pairwise Relationship for Multi-object Detection in Crowded Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03796.pdf)
>  As the post-processing step for object detection, non-maximum suppression (GreedyNMS) is widely used in most of the detectors for many years. It is efficient and accurate for sparse scenes, but suffers an inevitable trade-off between precision and recall in crowded scenes. To overcome this drawback, we propose a Pairwise-NMS to cure GreedyNMS. Specifically, a pairwise-relationship network that is based on deep learning is learned to predict if two overlapping proposal boxes contain two objects or zero/one object, which can handle multiple overlapping objects effectively. Through neatly coupling with GreedyNMS without losing efficiency, consistent improvements have been achieved in heavily occluded datasets including MOT15, TUD-Crossing and PETS. In addition, Pairwise-NMS can be integrated into any learning based detectors (Both of Faster-RCNN and DPM detectors are tested in this paper), thus building a bridge between GreedyNMS and end-to-end learning detectors. 
### 31.Automatic classification of geologic units in seismic images using partially interpreted examples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03786.pdf)
>  Geologic interpretation of large seismic stacked or migrated seismic images can be a time-consuming task for seismic interpreters. Neural network based semantic segmentation provides fast and automatic interpretations, provided a sufficient number of example interpretations are available. Networks that map from image-to-image emerged recently as powerful tools for automatic segmentation, but standard implementations require fully interpreted examples. Generating training labels for large images manually is time consuming. We introduce a partial loss-function and labeling strategies such that networks can learn from partially interpreted seismic images. This strategy requires only a small number of annotated pixels per seismic image. Tests on seismic images and interpretation information from the Sea of Ireland show that we obtain high-quality predicted interpretations from a small number of large seismic images. The combination of a partial-loss function, a multi-resolution network that explicitly takes small and large-scale geological features into account, and new labeling strategies make neural networks a more practical tool for automatic seismic interpretation. 
### 32.UPSNet: A Unified Panoptic Segmentation Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03784.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a unified panoptic segmentation network (UPSNet) for tackling the newly proposed panoptic segmentation task. On top of a single backbone residual network, we first design a deformable convolution based semantic segmentation head and a Mask R-CNN style instance segmentation head which solve these two subtasks simultaneously. More importantly, we introduce a parameter-free panoptic head which solves the panoptic segmentation via pixel-wise classification. It first leverages the logits from the previous two heads and then innovatively expands the representation for enabling prediction of an extra unknown class which helps better resolve the conflicts between semantic and instance segmentation. Additionally, it handles the challenge caused by the varying number of instances and permits back propagation to the bottom modules in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experimental results on Cityscapes, COCO and our internal dataset demonstrate that our UPSNet achieves state-of-the-art performance with much faster inference. 
### 33.DeepSpline: Data-Driven Reconstruction of Parametric Curves and Surfaces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03781.pdf)
>  Reconstruction of geometry based on different input modes, such as images or point clouds, has been instrumental in the development of computer aided design and computer graphics. Optimal implementations of these applications have traditionally involved the use of spline-based representations at their core. Most such methods attempt to solve optimization problems that minimize an output-target mismatch. However, these optimization techniques require an initialization that is close enough, as they are local methods by nature. We propose a deep learning architecture that adapts to perform spline fitting tasks accordingly, providing complementary results to the aforementioned traditional methods. We showcase the performance of our approach, by reconstructing spline curves and surfaces based on input images or point clouds. 
### 34.Using Scene Graph Context to Improve Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03762.pdf)
>  Generating realistic images from scene graphs asks neural networks to be able to reason about object relationships and compositionality. As a relatively new task, how to properly ensure the generated images comply with scene graphs or how to measure task performance remains an open question. In this paper, we propose to harness scene graph context to improve image generation from scene graphs. We introduce a scene graph context network that pools features generated by a graph convolutional neural network that are then provided to both the image generation network and the adversarial loss. With the context network, our model is trained to not only generate realistic looking images, but also to better preserve non-spatial object relationships. We also define two novel evaluation metrics, the relation score and the mean opinion relation score, for this task that directly evaluate scene graph compliance. We use both quantitative and qualitative studies to demonstrate that our pro-posed model outperforms the state-of-the-art on this challenging task. 
### 35.Residual Pyramid FCN for Robust Follicle Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03760.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a pyramid network structure to improve the FCN-based segmentation solutions and apply it to label thyroid follicles in histology images. Our design is based on the notion that a hierarchical updating scheme, if properly implemented, can help FCNs capture the major objects, as well as structure details in an image. To this end, we devise a residual module to be mounted on consecutive network layers, through which pixel labels would be propagated from the coarsest layer towards the finest layer in a bottom-up fashion. We add five residual units along the decoding path of a modified U-Net to make our segmentation network, Res-Seg-Net. Experiments demonstrate that the multi-resolution set-up in our model is effective in producing segmentations with improved accuracy and robustness. 
### 36.The Deeper, the Better: Analysis of Person Attributes Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03756.pdf)
>  In person attributes recognition, we describe a person in terms of their appearance. Typically, this includes a wide range of traits including age, gender, clothing, and footwear. Although this could be used in a wide variety of scenarios, it generally is applied to video surveillance, where attribute recognition is impacted by low resolution, and other issues such as variable pose, occlusion and shadow. Recent approaches have used deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to improve the accuracy in person attribute recognition. However, many of these networks are relatively shallow and it is unclear to what extent they use contextual cues to improve classification accuracy. In this paper, we propose deeper methods for person attribute recognition. Interpreting the reasons behind the classification is highly important, as it can provide insight into how the classifier is making decisions. Interpretation suggests that deeper networks generally take more contextual information into consideration, which helps improve classification accuracy and generalizability. We present experimental analysis and results for whole body attributes using the PA-100K and PETA datasets and facial attributes using the CelebA dataset. 
### 37.Translating SAR to Optical Images for Assisted Interpretation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03749.pdf)
>  Despite the advantages of all-weather and all-day high-resolution imaging, SAR remote sensing images are much less viewed and used by general people because human vision is not adapted to microwave scattering phenomenon. However, expert interpreters can be trained by compare side-by-side SAR and optical images to learn the translation rules from SAR to optical. This paper attempts to develop machine intelligence that are trainable with large-volume co-registered SAR and optical images to translate SAR image to optical version for assisted SAR interpretation. A novel reciprocal GAN scheme is proposed for this translation task. It is trained and tested on both spaceborne GF-3 and airborne UAVSAR images. Comparisons and analyses are presented for datasets of different resolutions and polarizations. Results show that the proposed translation network works well under many scenarios and it could potentially be used for assisted SAR interpretation. 
### 38.Anticipation and next action forecasting in video: an end-to-end model with memory  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03728.pdf)
>  Action anticipation and forecasting in videos do not require a hat-trick, as far as there are signs in the context to foresee how actions are going to be deployed. Capturing these signs is hard because the context includes the past. We propose an end-to-end network for action anticipation and forecasting with memory, to both anticipate the current action and foresee the next one. Experiments on action sequence datasets show excellent results indicating that training on histories with a dynamic memory can significantly improve forecasting performance. 
### 39.Neumann Networks for Inverse Problems in Imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03707.pdf)
>  Many challenging image processing tasks can be described by an ill-posed linear inverse problem: deblurring, deconvolution, inpainting, compressed sensing, and superresolution all lie in this framework. Traditional inverse problem solvers minimize a cost function consisting of a data-fit term, which measures how well an image matches the observations, and a regularizer, which reflects prior knowledge and promotes images with desirable properties like smoothness. Recent advances in machine learning and image processing have illustrated that it is often possible to learn a regularizer from training data that can outperform more traditional regularizers. We present an end-to-end, data-driven method of solving inverse problems inspired by the Neumann series, which we call a Neumann network. Rather than unroll an iterative optimization algorithm, we truncate a Neumann series which directly solves the linear inverse problem with a data-driven nonlinear regularizer. The Neumann network architecture outperforms traditional inverse problem solution methods, model-free deep learning approaches, and state-of-the-art unrolled iterative methods on standard datasets. Finally, when the images belong to a union of subspaces and under appropriate assumptions on the forward model, we prove there exists a Neumann network configuration that well-approximates the optimal oracle estimator for the inverse problem and demonstrate empirically that the trained Neumann network has the form predicted by theory. 
### 40.Generating Adversarial Perturbation with Root Mean Square Gradient  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03706.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Models are vulnerable to adversarial perturbations in classification. Many attack methods generate adversarial examples with large pixel modification and low cosine similarity with original images. In this paper, we propose an adversarial method generating perturbations based on root mean square gradient which formulates adversarial perturbation size in root mean square level and update gradient in direction, due to updating gradients with adaptive and root mean square stride, our method map origin, and corresponding adversarial image directly which shows good transferability in adversarial examples generation. We evaluate several traditional perturbations creating ways in image classification with our methods. Experimental results show that our approach works well and outperform recent techniques in the change of misclassifying image classification with slight pixel modification, and excellent efficiency in fooling deep network models. 
### 41.Quadratization in discrete optimization and quantum mechanics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04405.pdf)
>  A book about turning high-degree optimization problems into quadratic optimization problems that maintain the same global minimum (ground state). This book explores quadratizations for pseudo-Boolean optimization, perturbative gadgets used in QMA completeness theorems, and also non-perturbative k-local to 2-local transformations used for quantum mechanics, quantum annealing and universal adiabatic quantum computing. The book contains ~70 different Hamiltonian transformations, each of them on a separate page, where the cost (in number of auxiliary binary variables or auxiliary qubits, or number of sub-modular terms, or in graph connectivity, etc.), pros, cons, examples, and references are given. One can therefore look up a quadratization appropriate for the specific term(s) that need to be quadratized, much like using an integral table to look up the integral that needs to be done. This book is therefore useful for writing compilers to transform general optimization problems, into a form that quantum annealing or universal adiabatic quantum computing hardware requires; or for transforming quantum chemistry problems written in the Jordan-Wigner or Bravyi-Kitaev form, into a form where all multi-qubit interactions become 2-qubit pairwise interactions, without changing the desired ground state. Applications cited include computer vision problems (e.g. image de-noising, un-blurring, etc.), number theory (e.g. integer factoring), graph theory (e.g. Ramsey number determination), and quantum chemistry. The book is open source, and anyone can make modifications here: <a href="https://github.com/HPQC-LABS/Book_About_Quadratization">this https URL</a>. 
### 42.Learning Shared Semantic Space with Correlation Alignment for Cross-modal Event Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04268.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to learn shared semantic space with correlation alignment (${S}^{3}CA$) for multimodal data representations, which aligns nonlinear correlations of multimodal data distributions in deep neural networks designed for heterogeneous data. In the context of cross-modal (event) retrieval, we design a neural network with convolutional layers and fully-connected layers to extract features for images, including images on Flickr-like social media. Simultaneously, we exploit a fully-connected neural network to extract semantic features for texts, including news articles from news media. In particular, nonlinear correlations of layer activations in the two neural networks are aligned with correlation alignment during the joint training of the networks. Furthermore, we project the multimodal data into a shared semantic space for cross-modal (event) retrieval, where the distances between heterogeneous data samples can be measured directly. In addition, we contribute a Wiki-Flickr Event dataset, where the multimodal data samples are not describing each other in pairs like the existing paired datasets, but all of them are describing semantic events. Extensive experiments conducted on both paired and unpaired datasets manifest the effectiveness of ${S}^{3}CA$, outperforming the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 43.NEARBY Platform for Detecting Asteroids in Astronomical Images Using Cloud-based Containerized Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04248.pdf)
>  The continuing monitoring and surveying of the nearby space to detect Near Earth Objects (NEOs) and Near Earth Asteroids (NEAs) are essential because of the threats that this kind of objects impose on the future of our planet. We need more computational resources and advanced algorithms to deal with the exponential growth of the digital cameras&#39; performances and to be able to process (in near real-time) data coming from large surveys. This paper presents a software platform called NEARBY that supports automated detection of moving sources (asteroids) among stars from astronomical images. The detection procedure is based on the classic &#34;blink&#34; detection and, after that, the system supports visual analysis techniques to validate the moving sources, assisted by static and dynamical presentations. 
### 44.Image Based Review Text Generation with Emotional Guidance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.04140.pdf)
>  In the current field of computer vision, automatically generating texts from given images has been a fully worked technique. Up till now, most works of this area focus on image content describing, namely image-captioning. However, rare researches focus on generating product review texts, which is ubiquitous in the online shopping malls and is crucial for online shopping selection and evaluation. Different from content describing, review texts include more subjective information of customers, which may bring difference to the results. Therefore, we aimed at a new field concerning generating review text from customers based on images together with the ratings of online shopping products, which appear as non-image attributes. We made several adjustments to the existing image-captioning model to fit our task, in which we should also take non-image features into consideration. We also did experiments based on our model and get effective primary results. 
### 45.Introducing a Generative Adversarial Network Model for Lagrangian Trajectory Simulation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.03960.pdf)
>  We introduce a generative adversarial network (GAN) model to simulate the 3-dimensional Lagrangian motion of particles trapped in the recirculation zone of a buoyancy-opposed flame. The GAN model comprises a stochastic recurrent neural network, serving as a generator, and a convoluted neural network, serving as a discriminator. Adversarial training was performed to the point where the best-trained discriminator failed to distinguish the ground truth from the trajectory produced by the best-trained generator. The model performance was then benchmarked against a statistical analysis performed on both the simulated trajectories and the ground truth, with regard to the accuracy and generalization criteria. 
