# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 10 Jan 2019
### 1.Learning to Infer and Execute 3D Shape Programs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02875.pdf)
>  Human perception of 3D shapes goes beyond reconstructing them as a set of points or a composition of geometric primitives: we also effortlessly understand higher-level shape structure such as the repetition and reflective symmetry of object parts. In contrast, recent advances in 3D shape sensing focus more on low-level geometry but less on these higher-level relationships. In this paper, we propose 3D shape programs, integrating bottom-up recognition systems with top-down, symbolic program structure to capture both low-level geometry and high-level structural priors for 3D shapes. Because there are no annotations of shape programs for real shapes, we develop neural modules that not only learn to infer 3D shape programs from raw, unannotated shapes, but also to execute these programs for shape reconstruction. After initial bootstrapping, our end-to-end differentiable model learns 3D shape programs by reconstructing shapes in a self-supervised manner. Experiments demonstrate that our model accurately infers and executes 3D shape programs for highly complex shapes from various categories. It can also be integrated with an image-to-shape module to infer 3D shape programs directly from an RGB image, leading to 3D shape reconstructions that are both more accurate and more physically plausible. 
### 2.Adaptive Feature Processing for Robust Human Activity Recognition on a Novel Multi-Modal Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02858.pdf)
>  Human Activity Recognition (HAR) is a key building block of many emerging applications such as intelligent mobility, sports analytics, ambient-assisted living and human-robot interaction. With robust HAR, systems will become more human-aware, leading towards much safer and empathetic autonomous systems. While human pose detection has made significant progress with the dawn of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs), the state-of-the-art research has almost exclusively focused on a single sensing modality, especially video. However, in safety critical applications it is imperative to utilize multiple sensor modalities for robust operation. To exploit the benefits of state-of-the-art machine learning techniques for HAR, it is extremely important to have multimodal datasets. In this paper, we present a novel, multi-modal sensor dataset that encompasses nine indoor activities, performed by 16 participants, and captured by four types of sensors that are commonly used in indoor applications and autonomous vehicles. This multimodal dataset is the first of its kind to be made openly available and can be exploited for many applications that require HAR, including sports analytics, healthcare assistance and indoor intelligent mobility. We propose a novel data preprocessing algorithm to enable adaptive feature extraction from the dataset to be utilized by different machine learning algorithms. Through rigorous experimental evaluations, this paper reviews the performance of machine learning approaches to posture recognition, and analyses the robustness of the algorithms. When performing HAR with the RGB-Depth data from our new dataset, machine learning algorithms such as a deep neural network reached a mean accuracy of up to 96.8% for classification across all stationary and dynamic activities 
### 3.GIF2Video: Color Dequantization and Temporal Interpolation of GIF images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02840.pdf)
>  Graphics Interchange Format (GIF) is a highly portable graphics format that is ubiquitous on the Internet. Despite their small sizes, GIF images often contain undesirable visual artifacts such as flat color regions, false contours, color shift, and dotted patterns. In this paper, we propose GIF2Video, the first learning-based method for enhancing the visual quality of GIFs in the wild. We focus on the challenging task of GIF restoration by recovering information lost in the three steps of GIF creation: frame sampling, color quantization, and color dithering. We first propose a novel CNN architecture for color dequantization. It is built upon a compositional architecture for multi-step color correction, with a comprehensive loss function designed to handle large quantization errors. We then adapt the SuperSlomo network for temporal interpolation of GIF frames. We introduce two large datasets, namely GIF-Faces and GIF-Moments, for both training and evaluation. Experimental results show that our method can significantly improve the visual quality of GIFs, and outperforms direct baseline and state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 4.Learnable Manifold Alignment (LeMA) : A Semi-supervised Cross-modality Learning Framework for Land Cover and Land Use Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02838.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim at tackling a general but interesting cross-modality feature learning question in remote sensing community --- can a limited amount of highly-discrimin-ative (e.g., hyperspectral) training data improve the performance of a classification task using a large amount of poorly-discriminative (e.g., multispectral) data? Traditional semi-supervised manifold alignment methods do not perform sufficiently well for such problems, since the hyperspectral data is very expensive to be largely collected in a trade-off between time and efficiency, compared to the multispectral data. To this end, we propose a novel semi-supervised cross-modality learning framework, called learnable manifold alignment (LeMA). LeMA learns a joint graph structure directly from the data instead of using a given fixed graph defined by a Gaussian kernel function. With the learned graph, we can further capture the data distribution by graph-based label propagation, which enables finding a more accurate decision boundary. Additionally, an optimization strategy based on the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) is designed to solve the proposed model. Extensive experiments on two hyperspectral-multispectral datasets demonstrate the superiority and effectiveness of the proposed method in comparison with several state-of-the-art methods. 
### 5.The Use of Mutual Coherence to Prove $\ell^1/\ell^0$-Equivalence in Classification Problems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02783.pdf)
>  We consider the decomposition of a signal over an overcomplete set of vectors. Minimization of the $\ell^1$-norm of the coefficient vector can often retrieve the sparsest solution (so-called &#34;$\ell^1/\ell^0$-equivalence&#34;), a generally NP-hard task, and this fact has powered the field of compressed sensing. Wright et al.&#39;s sparse representation-based classification (SRC) applies this relationship to machine learning, wherein the signal to be decomposed represents the test sample and columns of the dictionary are training samples. We investigate the relationships between $\ell^1$-minimization, sparsity, and classification accuracy in SRC. After proving that the tractable, deterministic approach to verifying $\ell^1/\ell^0$-equivalence fundamentally conflicts with the high coherence between same-class training samples, we demonstrate that $\ell^1$-minimization can still recover the sparsest solution when the classes are well-separated. Further, using a nonlinear transform so that sparse recovery conditions may be satisfied, we demonstrate that approximate (not strict) equivalence is key to the success of SRC. 
### 6.Guess What&#39;s on my Screen? Clustering Smartphone Screenshots with Active Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02701.pdf)
>  A significant proportion of individuals&#39; daily activities is experienced through digital devices. Smartphones in particular have become one of the preferred interfaces for content consumption and social interaction. Identifying the content embedded in frequently-captured smartphone screenshots is thus a crucial prerequisite to studies of media behavior and health intervention planning that analyze activity interplay and content switching over time. Screenshot images can depict heterogeneous contents and applications, making the a priori definition of adequate taxonomies a cumbersome task, even for humans. Privacy protection of the sensitive data captured on screens means the costs associated with manual annotation are large, as the effort cannot be crowd-sourced. Thus, there is need to examine utility of unsupervised and semi-supervised methods for digital screenshot classification. This work introduces the implications of applying clustering on large screenshot sets when only a limited amount of labels is available. In this paper we develop a framework for combining K-Means clustering with Active Learning for efficient leveraging of labeled and unlabeled samples, with the goal of discovering latent classes and describing a large collection of screenshot data. We tested whether SVM-embedded or XGBoost-embedded solutions for class probability propagation provide for more well-formed cluster configurations. Visual and textual vector representations of the screenshot images are derived and combined to assess the relative contribution of multi-modal features to the overall performance. 
### 7.Image Recognition of Tea Leaf Diseases Based on Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02694.pdf)
>  In order to identify and prevent tea leaf diseases effectively, convolution neural network (CNN) was used to realize the image recognition of tea disease leaves. Firstly, image segmentation and data enhancement are used to preprocess the images, and then these images were input into the network for training. Secondly, to reach a higher recognition accuracy of CNN, the learning rate and iteration numbers were adjusted frequently and the dropout was added properly in the case of over-fitting. Finally, the experimental results show that the recognition accuracy of CNN is 93.75%, while the accuracy of SVM and BP neural network is 89.36% and 87.69% respectively. Therefore, the recognition algorithm based on CNN is better in classification and can improve the recognition efficiency of tea leaf diseases effectively. 
### 8.Low-Cost Transfer Learning of Face Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02675.pdf)
>  Do we know what the different filters of a face network represent? Can we use this filter information to train other tasks without transfer learning? For instance, can age, head pose, emotion and other face related tasks be learned from face recognition network without transfer learning? Understanding the role of these filters allows us to transfer knowledge across tasks and take advantage of large data sets in related tasks. Given a pretrained network, we can infer which tasks the network generalizes for and the best way to transfer the information to a new task. 
### 9.Deep Semantic Multimodal Hashing Network for Scalable Multimedia Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02662.pdf)
>  Hashing has been widely applied to multimodal retrieval on large-scale multimedia data due to its efficiency in computation and storage. Particularly, deep hashing has received unprecedented research attention in recent years, owing to its perfect retrieval performance. However, most of existing deep hashing methods learn binary hash codes by preserving the similarity relationship while without exploiting the semantic labels, which result in suboptimal binary codes. In this work, we propose a novel Deep Semantic Multimodal Hashing Network (DSMHN) for scalable multimodal retrieval. In DSMHN, two sets of modality-specific hash functions are jointly learned by explicitly preserving both the inter-modality similarities and the intra-modality semantic labels. Specifically, with the assumption that the learned hash codes should be optimal for task-specific classification, two stream networks are jointly trained to learn the hash functions by embedding the semantic labels on the resultant hash codes. Different from previous deep hashing methods, which are tied to some particular forms of loss functions, our deep hashing framework can be flexibly integrated with different types of loss functions. In addition, the bit balance property is investigated to generate binary codes with each bit having $50\%$ probability to be $1$ or $-1$. Moreover, a unified deep multimodal hashing framework is proposed to learn compact and high-quality hash codes by exploiting the feature representation learning, inter-modality similarity preserving learning, semantic label preserving learning and hash functions learning with bit balanced constraint simultaneously. We conduct extensive experiments for both unimodal and cross-modal retrieval tasks on three widely-used multimodal retrieval datasets. The experimental result demonstrates that DSMHN significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods. 
### 10.The Cross-Modality Disparity Problem in Multispectral Pedestrian Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02645.pdf)
>  Aggregating extra features of novel modality brings great advantages for building robust pedestrian detector under adverse illumination conditions. However, misaligned imagery still persists in multispectral scenario and will depress the performance of detector in a non-trivial way. In this paper, we first present and explore the cross-modality disparity problem in multispectral pedestrian detection, providing insights into the utilization of multimodal inputs. Then, to further address this issue, we propose a novel framework including a region feature alignment module and the region of interest (RoI) jittering training strategy. Moreover, dense, high-quality, and modality-independent color-thermal annotation pairs are provided to scrub the large-scale KAIST dataset to benefit future multispectral detection research. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach improves the robustness of detector with a large margin and achieves state-of-the-art performance with high efficiency. Code and data will be publicly available. 
### 11.MOANA: An Online Learned Adaptive Appearance Model for Robust Multiple Object Tracking in 3D  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02626.pdf)
>  Multiple object tracking has been a challenging field, mainly due to noisy detection sets and identity switch caused by occlusion and similar appearance among nearby targets. In this work, we propose an adaptive model that learns online a relatively long-term appearance change of each target. The proposed model is compatible with any feature of fixed dimension or their combination, whose learning rates are dynamically controlled by adaptive update and spatial weighting schemes. To handle occlusion and nearby objects sharing similar appearance, we also design cross-matching and re-identification schemes based on the application of the proposed adaptive appearance models. Additionally, the 3D geometry information is effectively incorporated in our formulation for data association. The proposed method outperforms all the state-of-the-art on the MOTChallenge 3D benchmark and achieves real-time computation with only a standard desktop CPU. It has also shown superior performance over the state-of-the-art on the 2D benchmark of MOTChallenge. 
### 12.D${}^3$TW: Discriminative Differentiable Dynamic Time Warping for Weakly Supervised Action Alignment and Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02598.pdf)
>  We address weakly-supervised action alignment and segmentation in videos, where only the order of occurring actions is available during training. We propose Discriminative Differentiable Dynamic Time Warping (D${}^3$TW), which is the first discriminative model for weak ordering supervision. This allows us to bypass the degenerated sequence problem usually encountered in previous work. The key technical challenge for discriminative modeling with weak-supervision is that the loss function of the ordering supervision is usually formulated using dynamic programming and is thus not differentiable. We address this challenge by continuous relaxation of the min-operator in dynamic programming and extend the DTW alignment loss to be differentiable. The proposed D${}^3$TW innovatively solves sequence alignment with discriminative modeling and end-to-end training, which substantially improves the performance in weakly supervised action alignment and segmentation tasks. We show that our model outperforms the current state-of-the-art across three evaluation metrics in two challenging datasets. 
### 13.MSR: Multi-Scale Shape Regression for Scene Text Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02596.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art scene text detection techniques predict quadrilateral boxes which are prone to localization errors while dealing with long or curved text lines in scenes. This paper presents a novel multi-scale shape regression network (MSR) that is capable of locating scene texts of arbitrary orientations, shapes and lengths accurately. The MSR detects scene texts by predicting dense text boundary points instead of sparse quadrilateral vertices which often suffers from regression errors while dealing with long text lines. The detection by linking of dense boundary points also enables accurate localization of scene texts of arbitrary orientations and shapes whereas most existing techniques using quadrilaterals often include undesired background to the ensuing text recognition. Additionally, the multi-scale network extracts and fuses features at different scales concurrently and seamlessly which demonstrates superb tolerance to the text scale variation. Extensive experiments over several public datasets show that MSR obtains superior detection performance for both curved and arbitrarily oriented text lines of different lengths, e.g. 80.7 f-score for the CTW1500, 81.7 f-score for the MSRA-TD500, etc. 
### 14.Manipulation-skill Assessment from Videos with Spatial Attention Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02579.pdf)
>  Recent advances in computer vision have made it possible to automatically assess from videos the manipulation skills of humans in performing a task, which has many important applications in domains such as health rehabilitation and manufacturing. However, previous methods used all video appearance as input and did not consider the attention mechanism humans use in assessing videos, which may limit their performance since only a part of video regions is critical for skill assessment. Our motivation here is to model human attention in videos that helps to focus on most relevant video regions for better skill assessment. In particular, we propose a novel deep model that learns spatial attention automatically from videos in an end-to-end manner. We evaluate our approach on a newly collected dataset of infant grasping task and four existing datasets of hand manipulation tasks. Experiment results demonstrate that state-of-the-art performance can be achieved by considering attention in automatic skill assessment. 
### 15.Interactive Image Segmentation using Label Propagation through Complex Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02573.pdf)
>  Interactive image segmentation is a topic of many studies in image processing. In a conventional approach, a user marks some pixels of the object(s) of interest and background, and an algorithm propagates these labels to the rest of the image. This paper presents a new graph-based method for interactive segmentation with two stages. In the first stage, nodes representing pixels are connected to their $k$-nearest neighbors to build a complex network with the small-world property to propagate the labels quickly. In the second stage, a regular network in a grid format is used to refine the segmentation on the object borders. Despite its simplicity, the proposed method can perform the task with high accuracy. Computer simulations are performed using some real-world images to show its effectiveness in both two-classes and multi-classes problems. It is also applied to all the images from the Microsoft GrabCut dataset for comparison, and the segmentation accuracy is comparable to those achieved by some state-of-the-art methods, while it is faster than them. In particular, it outperforms some recent approaches when the user input is composed only by a few &#34;scribbles&#34; draw over the objects. Its computational complexity is only linear on the image size at the best-case scenario and linearithmic in the worst case. 
### 16.Neural RGB-&gt;D Sensing: Depth and Uncertainty from a Video Camera  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02571.pdf)
>  Depth sensing is crucial for 3D reconstruction and scene understanding. Active depth sensors provide dense metric measurements, but often suffer from limitations such as restricted operating ranges, low spatial resolution, sensor interference, and high power consumption. In this paper, we propose a deep learning (DL) method to estimate per-pixel depth and its uncertainty continuously from a monocular video stream, with the goal of effectively turning an RGB camera into an RGB-D camera. Unlike prior DL-based methods, we estimate a depth probability distribution for each pixel rather than a single depth value, leading to an estimate of a 3D depth probability volume for each input frame. These depth probability volumes are accumulated over time under a Bayesian filtering framework as more incoming frames are processed sequentially, which effectively reduces depth uncertainty and improves accuracy, robustness, and temporal stability. Compared to prior work, the proposed approach achieves more accurate and stable results, and generalizes better to new datasets. Experimental results also show the output of our approach can be directly fed into classical RGB-D based 3D scanning methods for 3D scene reconstruction. 
### 17.Thinking Outside the Pool: Active Training Image Creation for Relative Attributes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02551.pdf)
>  Current wisdom suggests more labeled image data is always better, and obtaining labels is the bottleneck. Yet curating a pool of sufficiently diverse and informative images is itself a challenge. In particular, training image curation is problematic for fine-grained attributes, where the subtle visual differences of interest may be rare within traditional image sources. We propose an active image generation approach to address this issue. The main idea is to jointly learn the attribute ranking task while also learning to generate novel realistic image samples that will benefit that task. We introduce an end-to-end framework that dynamically &#34;imagines&#34; image pairs that would confuse the current model, presents them to human annotators for labeling, then improves the predictive model with the new examples. With results on two datasets, we show that by thinking outside the pool of real images, our approach gains generalization accuracy for challenging fine-grained attribute comparisons. 
### 18.Collaborative Execution of Deep Neural Networks on Internet of Things Devices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02537.pdf)
>  With recent advancements in deep neural networks (DNNs), we are able to solve traditionally challenging problems. Since DNNs are compute intensive, consumers, to deploy a service, need to rely on expensive and scarce compute resources in the cloud. This approach, in addition to its dependability on high-quality network infrastructure and data centers, raises new privacy concerns. These challenges may limit DNN-based applications, so many researchers have tried optimize DNNs for local and in-edge execution. However, inadequate power and computing resources of edge devices along with small number of requests limits current optimizations applicability, such as batch processing. In this paper, we propose an approach that utilizes aggregated existing computing power of Internet of Things (IoT) devices surrounding an environment by creating a collaborative network. In this approach, IoT devices cooperate to conduct single-batch inferencing in real time. While exploiting several new model-parallelism methods and their distribution characteristics, our approach enhances the collaborative network by creating a balanced and distributed processing pipeline. We have illustrated our work using many Raspberry Pis with studying DNN models such as AlexNet, VGG16, Xception, and C3D. 
### 19.Fast 3D Line Segment Detection From Unorganized Point Cloud  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02532.pdf)
>  This paper presents a very simple but efficient algorithm for 3D line segment detection from large scale unorganized point cloud. Unlike traditional methods which usually extract 3D edge points first and then link them to fit for 3D line segments, we propose a very simple 3D line segment detection algorithm based on point cloud segmentation and 2D line detection. Given the input unorganized point cloud, three steps are performed to detect 3D line segments. Firstly, the point cloud is segmented into 3D planes via region growing and region merging. Secondly, for each 3D plane, all the points belonging to it are projected onto the plane itself to form a 2D image, which is followed by 2D contour extraction and Least Square Fitting to get the 2D line segments. Those 2D line segments are then re-projected onto the 3D plane to get the corresponding 3D line segments. Finally, a post-processing procedure is proposed to eliminate outliers and merge adjacent 3D line segments. Experiments on several public datasets demonstrate the efficiency and robustness of our method. More results and the C++ source code of the proposed algorithm are publicly available at <a href="https://github.com/xiaohulugo/3DLineDetection">this https URL</a>. 
### 20.A Spatial-temporal 3D Human Pose Reconstruction Framework  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02529.pdf)
>  3D human pose reconstruction from single-view camera is a difficult and challenging topic. Many approaches have been proposed, but almost focusing on frame-by-frame independently while inter-frames are highly correlated in a pose sequence. In contrast, we introduce a novel spatial-temporal 3D reconstruction framework that leverages both intra and inter frame relationships in consecutive 2D pose sequences. Orthogonal Matching Pursuit (OMP) algorithm, pre-trained Pose-angle Limits and Temporal Models have been implemented. We quantitatively compare our framework versus recent works on CMU motion capture dataset and Vietnamese traditional dance sequences. Our method outperforms others with 10 percent lower of Euclidean reconstruction error and robustness against Gaussian noise. Additionally, it is also important to mention that our reconstructed 3D pose sequences are smoother and more natural than others. 
### 21.Viewpoint Invariant Change Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02527.pdf)
>  The ability to detect that something has changed in an environment is valuable, but often only if it can be accurately conveyed to a human operator. We introduce Viewpoint Invariant Change Captioning, and develop models which can both localize and describe via natural language complex changes in an environment. Moreover, we distinguish between a change in a viewpoint and an actual scene change (e.g. a change of objects&#39; attributes). To study this new problem, we collect a Viewpoint Invariant Change Captioning Dataset (VICC), building it off the CLEVR dataset and engine. We introduce 5 types of scene changes, including changes in attributes, positions, etc. To tackle this problem, we propose an approach that distinguishes a viewpoint change from an important scene change, localizes the change between &#34;before&#34; and &#34;after&#34; images, and dynamically attends to the relevant visual features when describing the change. We benchmark a number of baselines on our new dataset, and systematically study the different change types. We show the superiority of our proposed approach in terms of change captioning and localization. Finally, we also show that our approach is general and can be applied to real images and language on the recent Spot-the-diff dataset. 
### 22.Multi-stream CNN based Video Semantic Segmentation for Automated Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02511.pdf)
>  Majority of semantic segmentation algorithms operate on a single frame even in the case of videos. In this work, the goal is to exploit temporal information within the algorithm model for leveraging motion cues and temporal consistency. We propose two simple high-level architectures based on Recurrent FCN (RFCN) and Multi-Stream FCN (MSFCN) networks. In case of RFCN, a recurrent network namely LSTM is inserted between the encoder and decoder. MSFCN combines the encoders of different frames into a fused encoder via 1x1 channel-wise convolution. We use a ResNet50 network as the baseline encoder and construct three networks namely MSFCN of order 2 &amp; 3 and RFCN of order 2. MSFCN-3 produces the best results with an accuracy improvement of 9% and 15% for Highway and New York-like city scenarios in the SYNTHIA-CVPR&#39;16 dataset using mean IoU metric. MSFCN-3 also produced 11% and 6% for SegTrack V2 and DAVIS datasets over the baseline FCN network. We also designed an efficient version of MSFCN-2 and RFCN-2 using weight sharing among the two encoders. The efficient MSFCN-2 provided an improvement of 11% and 5% for KITTI and SYNTHIA with negligible increase in computational complexity compared to the baseline version. 
### 23.Grey matter sublayer thickness estimation in themouse cerebellum  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02499.pdf)
>  The cerebellar grey matter morphology is an important feature to study neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer&#39;s disease or Down&#39;s syndrome. Its volume or thickness is commonly used as a surrogate imaging biomarker for such diseases. Most studies about grey matter thickness estimation focused on the cortex, and little attention has been drawn on the morphology of the cerebellum. Using ex vivo high-resolution MRI, it is now possible to visualise the different cell layers in the mouse cerebellum. In this work, we introduce a framework to extract the Purkinje layer within the grey matter, enabling the estimation of the thickness of the cerebellar grey matter, the granular layer and molecular layer from gadolinium-enhanced ex vivo mouse brain MRI. Application to mouse model of Down&#39;s syndrome found reduced cortical and layer thicknesses in the transchromosomic group. 
### 24.Neural Inverse Rendering of an Indoor Scene from a Single Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02453.pdf)
>  Inverse rendering aims to estimate physical scene attributes (e.g., reflectance, geometry, and lighting) from image(s). As a long-standing, highly ill-posed problem, inverse rendering has been studied primarily for single 3D objects or with methods that solve for only one of the scene attributes. To our knowledge, we are the first to propose a holistic approach for inverse rendering of an indoor scene from a single image with CNNs, which jointly estimates reflectance (albedo and gloss), surface normals and illumination. To address the lack of labeled real-world images, we create a large-scale synthetic dataset, named SUNCG-PBR, with physically-based rendering, which is a significant improvement over prior datasets. For fine-tuning on real images, we perform self-supervised learning using the reconstruction loss, which re-synthesizes the input images from the estimated components. To enable self-supervised learning on real data, our key contribution is the Residual Appearance Renderer (RAR), which can be trained to synthesize complex appearance effects (e.g., inter-reflection, cast shadows, near-field illumination, and realistic shading), which would be neglected otherwise. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods, especially on real images. 
### 25.Face Recognition System  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02452.pdf)
>  Deep learning is one of the new and important branches in machine learning. Deep learning refers to a set of algorithms that solve various problems such as images and texts by using various machine learning algorithms in multi-layer neural networks. Deep learning can be classified as a neural network from the general category, but there are many changes in the concrete realization. At the core of deep learning is feature learning, which is designed to obtain hierarchical information through hierarchical networks, so as to solve the important problems that previously required artificial design features. Deep Learning is a framework that contains several important algorithms. For different applications (images, voice, text), you need to use different network models to achieve better results. With the development of deep learning and the introduction of deep convolutional neural networks, the accuracy and speed of face recognition have made great strides. However, as we said above, the results from different networks and models are very different. In this paper, facial features are extracted by merging and comparing multiple models, and then a deep neural network is constructed to train and construct the combined features. In this way, the advantages of multiple models can be combined to mention the recognition accuracy. After getting a model with high accuracy, we build a product model. This article compares the pure-client model with the server-client model, analyzes the pros and cons of the two models, and analyzes the various commercial products that are required for the server-client model. 
### 26.SEWA DB: A Rich Database for Audio-Visual Emotion and Sentiment Research in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02839.pdf)
>  Natural human-computer interaction and audio-visual human behaviour sensing systems, which would achieve robust performance in-the-wild are more needed than ever as digital devices are becoming indispensable part of our life more and more. Accurately annotated real-world data are the crux in devising such systems. However, existing databases usually consider controlled settings, low demographic variability, and a single task. In this paper, we introduce the SEWA database of more than 2000 minutes of audio-visual data of 398 people coming from six cultures, 50% female, and uniformly spanning the age range of 18 to 65 years old. Subjects were recorded in two different contexts: while watching adverts and while discussing adverts in a video chat. The database includes rich annotations of the recordings in terms of facial landmarks, facial action units (FAU), various vocalisations, mirroring, and continuously valued valence, arousal, liking, agreement, and prototypic examples of (dis)liking. This database aims to be an extremely valuable resource for researchers in affective computing and automatic human sensing and is expected to push forward the research in human behaviour analysis, including cultural studies. Along with the database, we provide extensive baseline experiments for automatic FAU detection and automatic valence, arousal and (dis)liking intensity estimation. 
### 27.Selective metamorphosis for growth modelling with applications to landmarks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02826.pdf)
>  We present a framework for shape matching in computational anatomy allowing users control of the degree to which the matching is diffeomorphic. This control is given as a function defined over the image and parameterises the template deformation. By modelling localised template deformation we have a mathematical description of growth only in specified parts of an image. The location can either be specified from prior knowledge of the growth location or learned from data. For simplicity, we consider landmark matching and infer the distribution of a finite dimensional parameterisation of the control via Markov chain Monte Carlo. Preliminary numerical results are shown and future paths of investigation are laid out. Well-posedness of this new problem is studied together with an analysis of the associated geodesic equations. 
### 28.Fast CNN-Based Object Tracking Using Localization Layers and Deep Features Interpolation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02620.pdf)
>  Object trackers based on Convolution Neural Network (CNN) have achieved state-of-the-art performance on recent tracking benchmarks, while they suffer from slow computational speed. The high computational load arises from the extraction of the feature maps of the candidate and training patches in every video frame. The candidate and training patches are typically placed randomly around the previous target location and the estimated target location respectively. In this paper, we propose novel schemes to speed-up the processing of the CNN-based trackers. We input the whole region-of-interest once to the CNN to eliminate the redundant computations of the random candidate patches. In addition to classifying each candidate patch as an object or background, we adapt the CNN to classify the target location inside the object patches as a coarse localization step, and we employ bilinear interpolation for the CNN feature maps as a fine localization step. Moreover, bilinear interpolation is exploited to generate CNN feature maps of the training patches without actually forwarding the training patches through the network which achieves a significant reduction of the required computations. Our tracker does not rely on offline video training. It achieves competitive performance results on the OTB benchmark with 8x speed improvements compared to the equivalent tracker. 
### 29.UAV-GESTURE: A Dataset for UAV Control and Gesture Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02602.pdf)
>  Current UAV-recorded datasets are mostly limited to action recognition and object tracking, whereas the gesture signals datasets were mostly recorded in indoor spaces. Currently, there is no outdoor recorded public video dataset for UAV commanding signals. Gesture signals can be effectively used with UAVs by leveraging the UAVs visual sensors and operational simplicity. To fill this gap and enable research in wider application areas, we present a UAV gesture signals dataset recorded in an outdoor setting. We selected 13 gestures suitable for basic UAV navigation and command from general aircraft handling and helicopter handling signals. We provide 119 high-definition video clips consisting of 37151 frames. The overall baseline gesture recognition performance computed using Pose-based Convolutional Neural Network (P-CNN) is 91.9 %. All the frames are annotated with body joints and gesture classes in order to extend the dataset&#39;s applicability to a wider research area including gesture recognition, action recognition, human pose recognition and situation awareness. 
### 30.NEARBY Platform: Algorithm for Automated Asteroids Detection in Astronomical Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02545.pdf)
>  In the past two decades an increasing interest in discovering Near Earth Objects has been noted in the astronomical community. Dedicated surveys have been operated for data acquisition and processing, resulting in the present discovery of over 18.000 objects that are closer than 30 million miles of Earth. Nevertheless, recent events have shown that there still are many undiscovered asteroids that can be on collision course to Earth. This article presents an original NEO detection algorithm developed in the NEARBY research object, that has been integrated into an automated MOPS processing pipeline aimed at identifying moving space objects based on the blink method. Proposed solution can be considered an approach of Big Data processing and analysis, implementing visual analytics techniques for rapid human data validation. 
### 31.Asteroids Detection Technique: Classic &#34;Blink&#34; An Automated Approch  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02542.pdf)
>  Asteroids detection is a very important research field that received increased attention in the last couple of decades. Some major surveys have their own dedicated people, equipment and detection applications, so they are discovering Near Earth Asteroids (NEAs) daily. The interest in asteroids is not limited to those major surveys, it is shared by amateurs and mini-surveys too. A couple of them are using the few existent software solutions, most of which are developed by amateurs. The rest obtain their results in a visual manner: they &#34;blink&#34; a sequence of reduced images of the same field, taken at a specific time interval, and they try to detect a real moving object in the resulting animation. Such a technique becomes harder with the increase in size of the CCD cameras. Aiming to replace manual detection, we propose an automated &#34;blink&#34; technique for asteroids detection. 
### 32.Lattice Identification and Separation: Theory and Algorithm  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02520.pdf)
>  Motivated by lattice mixture identification and grain boundary detection, we present a framework for lattice pattern representation and comparison, and propose an efficient algorithm for lattice separation. We define new scale and shape descriptors, which helps to considerably reduce the size of equivalence classes of lattice bases. These finitely many equivalence relations are fully characterized by modular group theory. We construct the lattice space $\mathscr{L}$ based on the equivalent descriptors and define a metric $d_{\mathscr{L}}$ to accurately quantify the visual similarities and differences between lattices. Furthermore, we introduce the Lattice Identification and Separation Algorithm (LISA), which identifies each lattice patterns from superposed lattices. LISA finds lattice candidates from the high responses in the image spectrum, then sequentially extracts different layers of lattice patterns one by one. Analyzing the frequency components, we reveal the intricate dependency of LISA&#39;s performances on particle radius, lattice density, and relative translations. Various numerical experiments are designed to show LISA&#39;s robustness against a large number of lattice layers, moiré patterns and missing particles. 
### 33.Combining nonparametric spatial context priors with nonparametric shape priors for dendritic spine segmentation in 2-phoyon microscopy images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02513.pdf)
>  Data driven segmentation is an important initial step of shape prior-based segmentation methods since it is assumed that the data term brings a curve to a plausible level so that shape and data terms can then work together to produce better segmentations. When purely data driven segmentation produces poor results, the final segmentation is generally affected adversely. One challenge faced by many existing data terms is due to the fact that they consider only pixel intensities to decide whether to assign a pixel to the foreground or to the background region. When the distributions of the foreground and background pixel intensities have significant overlap, such data terms become ineffective, as they produce uncertain results for many pixels in a test image. In such cases, using prior information about the spatial context of the object to be segmented together with the data term can bring a curve to a plausible stage, which would then serve as a good initial point to launch shape-based segmentation. In this paper, we propose a new segmentation approach that combines nonparametric context priors with a learned-intensity-based data term and nonparametric shape priors. We perform experiments for dendritic spine segmentation in both 2D and 3D 2-photon microscopy images. The experimental results demonstrate that using spatial context priors leads to significant improvements. 
### 34.An Application of Manifold Learning in Global Shape Descriptors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.02508.pdf)
>  With the rapid expansion of applied 3D computational vision, shape descriptors have become increasingly important for a wide variety of applications and objects from molecules to planets. Appropriate shape descriptors are critical for accurate (and efficient) shape retrieval and 3D model classification. Several spectral-based shape descriptors have been introduced by solving various physical equations over a 3D surface model. In this paper, for the first time, we incorporate a specific group of techniques in statistics and machine learning, known as manifold learning, to develop a global shape descriptor in the computer graphics domain. The proposed descriptor utilizes the Laplacian Eigenmap technique in which the Laplacian eigenvalue problem is discretized using an exponential weighting scheme. As a result, our descriptor eliminates the limitations tied to the existing spectral descriptors, namely dependency on triangular mesh representation and high intra-class quality of 3D models. We also present a straightforward normalization method to obtain a scale-invariant descriptor. The extensive experiments performed in this study show that the present contribution provides a highly discriminative and robust shape descriptor under the presence of a high level of noise, random scale variations, and low sampling rate, in addition to the known isometric-invariance property of the Laplace-Beltrami operator. The proposed method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms on several non-rigid shape retrieval benchmarks. 
