# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 3 Jan 2019
### 1.Improving Face Anti-Spoofing by 3D Virtual Synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00488.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing is crucial for the security of face recognition systems. Learning based methods especially deep learning based methods need large-scale training samples to reduce overfitting. However, acquiring spoof data is very expensive since the live faces should be re-printed and re-captured in many views. In this paper, we present a method to synthesize virtual spoof data in 3D space to alleviate this problem. Specifically, we consider a printed photo as a flat surface and mesh it into a 3D object, which is then randomly bent and rotated in 3D space. Afterward, the transformed 3D photo is rendered through perspective projection as a virtual sample. The synthetic virtual samples can significantly boost the anti-spoofing performance when combined with a proposed data balancing strategy. Our promising results open up new possibilities for advancing face anti-spoofing using cheap and large-scale synthetic data. 
### 2.Action2Vec: A Crossmodal Embedding Approach to Action Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00484.pdf)
>  We describe a novel cross-modal embedding space for actions, named Action2Vec, which combines linguistic cues from class labels with spatio-temporal features derived from video clips. Our approach uses a hierarchical recurrent network to capture the temporal structure of video features. We train our embedding using a joint loss that combines classification accuracy with similarity to Word2Vec semantics. We evaluate Action2Vec by performing zero shot action recognition and obtain state of the art results on three standard datasets. In addition, we present two novel analogy tests which quantify the extent to which our joint embedding captures distributional semantics. This is the first joint embedding space to combine verbs and action videos, and the first to be thoroughly evaluated with respect to its distributional semantics. 
### 3.Learning Generalizable Physical Dynamics of 3D Rigid Objects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00466.pdf)
>  Humans have a remarkable ability to predict the effect of physical interactions on the dynamics of objects. Endowing machines with this ability would allow important applications in areas like robotics and autonomous vehicles. In this work, we focus on predicting the dynamics of 3D rigid objects, in particular an object&#39;s final resting position and total rotation when subjected to an impulsive force. Different from previous work, our approach is capable of generalizing to unseen object shapes - an important requirement for real-world applications. To achieve this, we represent object shape as a 3D point cloud that is used as input to a neural network, making our approach agnostic to appearance variation. The design of our network is informed by an understanding of physical laws. We train our model with data from a physics engine that simulates the dynamics of a large number of shapes. Experiments show that we can accurately predict the resting position and total rotation for unseen object geometries. 
### 4.Improved Hyperspectral Unmixing With Endmember Variability Parametrized Using an Interpolated Scaling Tensor  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00463.pdf)
>  Endmember (EM) variability has an important impact on the performance of hyperspectral image (HI) analysis algorithms. Recently, extended linear mixing models have been proposed to account for EM variability in the spectral unmixing (SU) problem. The direct use of these models has led to severely ill-posed optimization problems. Different regularization strategies have been considered to deal with this issue, but none so far has consistently exploited the information provided by the existence of multiple pure pixels often present in HIs. In this work, we propose to break the SU problem into a sequence of two problems. First, we use pure pixel information to estimate an interpolated tensor of scaling factors representing spectral variability. This is done by considering the spectral variability to be a smooth function over the HI and confining the energy of the scaling tensor to a low-rank structure. Afterwards, we solve a matrix-factorization problem to estimate the fractional abundances using the variability scaling factors estimated in the previous step, what leads to a significantly more well-posed problem. Simulation swith synthetic and real data attest the effectiveness of the proposed strategy. 
### 5.Lipi Gnani - A Versatile OCR for Documents in any Language Printed in Kannada Script  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00413.pdf)
>  A Kannada OCR, named Lipi Gnani, has been designed and developed from scratch, with the motivation of it being able to convert printed text or poetry in Kannada script, without any restriction on vocabulary. The training and test sets have been collected from over 35 books published between the period 1970 to 2002, and this includes books written in Halegannada and pages containing Sanskrit slokas written in Kannada script. The coverage of the OCR is nearly complete in the sense that it recognizes all the punctuation marks, special symbols, Indo-Arabic and Kannada numerals and also the interspersed English words. Several minor and major original contributions have been done in developing this OCR at the different processing stages such as binarization, line and character segmentation, recognition and Unicode mapping. This has created a Kannada OCR that performs as good as, and in some cases, better than the Google&#39;s Tesseract OCR, as shown by the results. To the knowledge of the authors, this is the maiden report of a complete Kannada OCR, handling all the issues involved. Currently, there is no dictionary based postprocessing, and the obtained results are due solely to the recognition process. Four benchmark test databases containing scanned pages from books in Kannada, Sanskrit, Konkani and Tulu languages, but all of them printed in Kannada script, have been created. The word level recognition accuracy of Lipi Gnani is 4% higher on the Kannada dataset than that of Google&#39;s Tesseract OCR, 8% higher on the datasets of Tulu and Sanskrit, and 25% higher on the Konkani dataset. 
### 6.Attribute-Aware Attention Model for Fine-grained Representation Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00392.pdf)
>  How to learn a discriminative fine-grained representation is a key point in many computer vision applications, such as person re-identification, fine-grained classification, fine-grained image retrieval, etc. Most of the previous methods focus on learning metrics or ensemble to derive better global representation, which are usually lack of local information. Based on the considerations above, we propose a novel Attribute-Aware Attention Model ($A^3M$), which can learn local attribute representation and global category representation simultaneously in an end-to-end manner. The proposed model contains two attention models: attribute-guided attention module uses attribute information to help select category features in different regions, at the same time, category-guided attention module selects local features of different attributes with the help of category cues. Through this attribute-category reciprocal process, local and global features benefit from each other. Finally, the resulting feature contains more intrinsic information for image recognition instead of the noisy and irrelevant features. Extensive experiments conducted on Market-1501, CompCars, CUB-200-2011 and CARS196 demonstrate the effectiveness of our $A^3M$. 
### 7.Learning Efficient Detector with Semi-supervised Adaptive Distillation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00366.pdf)
>  Knowledge Distillation (KD) has been used in image classification for model compression. However, rare studies apply this technology on single-stage object detectors. Focal loss shows that the accumulated errors of easily-classified samples dominate the overall loss in the training process. This problem is also encountered when applying KD in the detection task. For KD, the teacher-defined hard samples are far more important than any others. We propose ADL to address this issue by adaptively mimicking the teacher&#39;s logits, with more attention paid on two types of hard samples: hard-to-learn samples predicted by teacher with low certainty and hard-to-mimic samples with a large gap between the teacher&#39;s and the student&#39;s prediction. ADL enlarges the distillation loss for hard-to-learn and hard-to-mimic samples and reduces distillation loss for the dominant easy samples, enabling distillation to work on the single-stage detector first time, even if the student and the teacher are identical. Besides, ADL is effective in both the supervised setting and the semi-supervised setting, even when the labeled data and unlabeled data are from different distributions. For distillation on unlabeled data, ADL achieves better performance than existing data distillation which simply utilizes hard targets, making the student detector surpass its teacher. On the COCO database, semi-supervised adaptive distillation (SAD) makes a student detector with a backbone of ResNet-50 surpasses its teacher with a backbone of ResNet-101, while the student has half of the teacher&#39;s computation complexity. The code is avaiable at <a href="https://github.com/Tangshitao/Semi-supervised-Adaptive-Distillation">this https URL</a> 
### 8.Detecting Text in the Wild with Deep Character Embedding Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00363.pdf)
>  Most text detection methods hypothesize texts are horizontal or multi-oriented and thus define quadrangles as the basic detection unit. However, text in the wild is usually perspectively distorted or curved, which can not be easily tackled by existing approaches. In this paper, we propose a deep character embedding network (CENet) which simultaneously predicts the bounding boxes of characters and their embedding vectors, thus making text detection a simple clustering task in the character embedding space. The proposed method does not require strong assumptions of forming a straight line on general text detection, which provides flexibility on arbitrarily curved or perspectively distorted text. For character detection task, a dense prediction subnetwork is designed to obtain the confidence score and bounding boxes of characters. For character embedding task, a subnet is trained with contrastive loss to project detected characters into embedding space. The two tasks share a backbone CNN from which the multi-scale feature maps are extracted. The final text regions can be easily achieved by a thresholding process on character confidence and embedding distance of character pairs. We evaluated our method on ICDAR13, ICDAR15, MSRA-TD500, and Total-Text. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art or comparable performance on all these datasets, and shows substantial improvement in the irregular-text datasets, i.e. Total-Text. 
### 9.Optical Fringe Patterns Filtering Based on Multi-Stage Convolution Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00361.pdf)
>  Optical fringe patterns are often contaminated by speckle noise, making it difficult to accurately and robustly extract their phase fields. Thereupon we propose a filtering method based on deep learning, called optical fringe patterns denoising convolutional neural network (FPD-CNN), for directly removing speckle from the input noisy fringe patterns. The FPD-CNN method is divided into multiple stages, each stage consists of a set of convolutional layers along with batch normalization and leaky rectified linear unit (Leaky ReLU) activation function. The end-to-end joint training is carried out using the Euclidean loss. Extensive experiments on simulated and experimental optical fringe patterns, specially finer ones with high density, show that the proposed method is superior to some state-of-the-art denoising techniques in spatial or transform domains, efficiently preserving main features of fringe at a fairly fast speed. 
### 10.Plugin Networks for Inference under Partial Evidence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00326.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel method to incorporate partial evidence in the inference of deep convolutional neural networks. Contrary to the existing methods, which either iteratively modify the input of the network or exploit external label taxonomy to take partial evidence into account, we add separate network modules to the intermediate layers of a pre-trained convolutional network. The goal of those modules is to incorporate additional signal - information about known labels - into the inference procedure and adjust the predicted outputs accordingly. Since the attached &#34;Plugin Networks&#34;, have a simple structure consisting of only fully connected layers, we drastically reduce the computational cost of training and inference. At the same time, the proposed architecture allows to propagate the information about known labels directly to the intermediate layers that are trained to intrinsically model correlations between the labels. Extensive evaluation of the proposed method confirms that our Plugin Networks outperform the state-of-the-art in a variety of tasks, including scene categorization and multi-label image annotation. 
### 11.SIXray : A Large-scale Security Inspection X-ray Benchmark for Prohibited Item Discovery in Overlapping Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00303.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a large-scale dataset and establish a baseline for prohibited item discovery in Security Inspection X-ray images. Our dataset, named SIXray, consists of 1,059,231 X-ray images, in which 6 classes of 8,929 prohibited items are manually annotated. It raises a brand new challenge of overlapping image data, meanwhile shares the same properties with existing datasets, including complex yet meaningless contexts and class imbalance. We propose an approach named class-balanced hierarchical refinement (CHR) to deal with these difficulties. CHR assumes that each input image is sampled from a mixture distribution, and that deep networks require an iterative process to infer image contents accurately. To accelerate, we insert reversed connections to different network backbones, delivering high-level visual cues to assist mid-level features. In addition, a class-balanced loss function is designed to maximally alleviate the noise introduced by easy negative samples. We evaluate CHR on SIXray with different ratios of positive/negative samples. Compared to the baselines, CHR enjoys a better ability of discriminating objects especially using mid-level features, which offers the possibility of using a weakly-supervised approach towards accurate object localization. In particular, the advantage of CHR is more significant in the scenarios with fewer positive training samples, which demonstrates its potential application in real-world security inspection. 
### 12.On Minimum Discrepancy Estimation for Deep Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00282.pdf)
>  In the presence of large sets of labeled data, Deep Learning (DL) has accomplished extraordinary triumphs in the avenue of computer vision, particularly in object classification and recognition tasks. However, DL cannot always perform well when the training and testing images come from different distributions or in the presence of domain shift between training and testing images. They also suffer in the absence of labeled input data. Domain adaptation (DA) methods have been proposed to make up the poor performance due to domain shift. In this paper, we present a new unsupervised deep domain adaptation method based on the alignment of second order statistics (covariances) as well as maximum mean discrepancy of the source and target data with a two stream Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). We demonstrate the ability of the proposed approach to achieve state-of the-art performance for image classification on three benchmark domain adaptation datasets: Office-31 [27], Office-Home [37] and Office-Caltech [8]. 
### 13.Vector and Line Quantization for Billion-scale Similarity Search on GPUs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00275.pdf)
>  Billion-scale high-dimensional approximate nearest neighbour (ANN) search has become an important problem for searching similar objects among the vast amount of images and videos available online. The existing ANN methods are usually characterized by their specific indexing structures, including the inverted index and the inverted multi-index. The inverted index structure is amenable to GPU-based implementations, and the state-of-the-art systems such as Faiss are able to exploit the massive parallelism offered by GPUs. However, the inverted index requires high memory overhead to index the dataset effectively. The inverted multi-index is difficult to implement for GPUs, and also ineffective in dealing with database with different data distributions. In this paper we propose a novel hierarchical inverted index structure generated by vector and line quantization methods. Our quantization method improves both search efficiency and accuracy, while maintaining comparable memory consumption. This is achieved by reducing search space and increasing the number of indexed regions. <br />We introduce a new ANN search system, VLQ-ADC, that is based on the proposed inverted index, and perform extensive evaluation on two public billion-scale benchmark datasets SIFT1B and DEEP1B. Our evaluation shows that VLQ-ADC significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art GPU- and CPU-based systems in terms of both accuracy and search speed. 
### 14.Ancient Painting to Natural Image: A New Solution for Painting Processing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00224.pdf)
>  Collecting a large-scale and well-annotated dataset for image processing has become a common practice in computer vision. However, in the ancient painting area, this task is not practical as the number of paintings is limited and their style is greatly diverse. We, therefore, propose a novel solution for the problems that come with ancient painting processing. This is to use domain transfer to convert ancient paintings to photo-realistic natural images. By doing so, the ancient painting processing problems become natural image processing problems and models trained on natural images can be directly applied to the transferred paintings. Specifically, we focus on Chinese ancient flower, bird and landscape paintings in this work. A novel Domain Style Transfer Network (DSTN) is proposed to transfer ancient paintings to natural images which employ a compound loss to ensure that the transferred paintings still maintain the color composition and content of the input paintings. The experiment results show that the transferred paintings generated by the DSTN have a better performance in both the human perceptual test and other image processing tasks than other state-of-art methods, indicating the authenticity of the transferred paintings and the superiority of the proposed method. 
### 15.EdgeConnect: Generative Image Inpainting with Adversarial Edge Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00212.pdf)
>  Over the last few years, deep learning techniques have yielded significant improvements in image inpainting. However, many of these techniques fail to reconstruct reasonable structures as they are commonly over-smoothed and/or blurry. This paper develops a new approach for image inpainting that does a better job of reproducing filled regions exhibiting fine details. We propose a two-stage adversarial model EdgeConnect that comprises of an edge generator followed by an image completion network. The edge generator hallucinates edges of the missing region (both regular and irregular) of the image, and the image completion network fills in the missing regions using hallucinated edges as a priori. We evaluate our model end-to-end over the publicly available datasets CelebA, Places2, and Paris StreetView, and show that it outperforms current state-of-the-art techniques quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 16.Mapping Areas using Computer Vision Algorithms and Drones  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00211.pdf)
>  The goal of this paper is to implement a system, titled as Drone Map Creator (DMC) using Computer Vision techniques. DMC can process visual information from an HD camera in a drone and automatically create a map by stitching together visual information captured by a drone. The proposed approach employs the Speeded up robust features (SURF) method to detect the key points for each image frame; then the corresponding points between the frames are identified by maximizing the determinant of a Hessian matrix. Finally, two images are stitched together by using the identified points. Our results show that despite some limitations from the external environment, we could have successfully stitched images together along video sequences. 
### 17.Nasal Patches and Curves for Expression-robust 3D Face Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00206.pdf)
>  The potential of the nasal region for expression robust 3D face recognition is thoroughly investigated by a novel five-step algorithm. First, the nose tip location is coarsely detected and the face is segmented, aligned and the nasal region cropped. Then, a very accurate and consistent nasal landmarking algorithm detects seven keypoints on the nasal region. In the third step, a feature extraction algorithm based on the surface normals of Gabor-wavelet filtered depth maps is utilised and, then, a set of spherical patches and curves are localised over the nasal region to provide the feature descriptors. The last step applies a genetic algorithm-based feature selector to detect the most stable patches and curves over different facial expressions. The algorithm provides the highest reported nasal region-based recognition ranks on the FRGC, Bosphorus and BU-3DFE datasets. The results are comparable with, and in many cases better than, many state-of-the-art 3D face recognition algorithms, which use the whole facial domain. The proposed method does not rely on sophisticated alignment or denoising steps, is very robust when only one sample per subject is used in the gallery, and does not require a training step for the landmarking algorithm. <a href="https://github.com/mehryaragha/NoseBiometrics">this https URL</a> 
### 18.Handwritten Indic Character Recognition using Capsule Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00166.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks(CNNs) has become one of the primary algorithms for various computer vision tasks. Handwritten character recognition is a typical example of such task that has also attracted attention. CNN architectures such as LeNet and AlexNet have become very prominent over the last two decades however the spatial invariance of the different kernels has been a prominent issue till now. With the introduction of capsule networks, kernels can work together in consensus with one another with the help of dynamic routing, that combines individual opinions of multiple groups of kernels called capsules to employ equivariance among kernels. In the current work, we have implemented capsule network on handwritten Indic digits and character datasets to show its superiority over networks like LeNet. Furthermore, it has also been shown that they can boost the performance of other networks like LeNet and AlexNet. 
### 19.Rethinking on Multi-Stage Networks for Human Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00148.pdf)
>  Existing pose estimation approaches can be categorized into single-stage and multi-stage methods. While a multi-stage architecture is seemingly more suitable for the task, the performance of current multi-stage methods is not as competitive as single-stage ones. This work studies this issue. We argue that the current unsatisfactory performance comes from various insufficient design in current methods. We propose several improvements on the architecture design, feature flow, and loss function. The resulting multi-stage network outperforms all previous works and obtains the best performance on COCO keypoint challenge 2018. The source code will be released. 
### 20.Gated-Dilated Networks for Lung Nodule Classification in CT scans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00120.pdf)
>  Different types of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been applied to detect cancerous lung nodules from computed tomography (CT) scans. However, the size of a nodule is very diverse and can range anywhere between 3 and 30 millimeters. The high variation of nodule sizes makes classifying them a difficult and challenging task. In this study, we propose a novel CNN architecture called Gated-Dilated (GD) Networks to classify nodules as malignant or benign. Unlike previous studies, the GD network uses multiple dilated convolutions instead of max-poolings to capture the scale variations. Moreover, the GD network has a Context-Aware sub-network that analyzes the input features and guides the features to a suitable dilated convolution. We evaluated the proposed network on more than 1,000 CT scans from the LIDC-LDRI dataset. Our proposed network outperforms baseline models including conventional CNNs, Resnet, and Densenet, with an AUC of &gt;0.95. Compared to the baseline models, the GD network improves the classification accuracies of mid-range sized nodules. Furthermore, we observe a relationship between the size of the nodule and the attention signal generated by the Context-Aware sub-network, which validates our new network architecture. 
### 21.Training with the Invisibles: Obfuscating Images to Share Safely for Learning Visual Recognition Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00098.pdf)
>  High-performance visual recognition systems generally require a large collection of labeled images to train. The expensive data curation can be an obstacle for improving recognition performance. Sharing more data allows training for better models. But personal and private information in the data prevent such sharing. To promote sharing visual data for learning a recognition model, we propose to obfuscate the images so that humans are not able to recognize their detailed contents, while machines can still utilize them to train new models. We validate our approach by comprehensive experiments on three challenging visual recognition tasks; image classification, attribute classification, and facial landmark detection on several datasets including SVHN, CIFAR10, Pascal VOC 2012, CelebA, and MTFL. Our method successfully obfuscates the images from humans recognition, but a machine model trained with them performs within about 1% margin (up to 0.48%) of the performance of a model trained with the original, non-obfuscated data. 
### 22.Not All Words are Equal: Video-specific Information Loss for Video Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00097.pdf)
>  An ideal description for a given video should fix its gaze on salient and representative content, which is capable of distinguishing this video from others. However, the distribution of different words is unbalanced in video captioning datasets, where distinctive words for describing video-specific salient objects are far less than common words such as &#39;a&#39; &#39;the&#39; and &#39;person&#39;. The dataset bias often results in recognition error or detail deficiency of salient but unusual objects. To address this issue, we propose a novel learning strategy called Information Loss, which focuses on the relationship between the video-specific visual content and corresponding representative words. Moreover, a framework with hierarchical visual representations and an optimized hierarchical attention mechanism is established to capture the most salient spatial-temporal visual information, which fully exploits the potential strength of the proposed learning strategy. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the ingenious guidance strategy together with the optimized architecture outperforms state-of-the-art video captioning methods on MSVD with CIDEr score 87.5, and achieves superior CIDEr score 47.7 on MSR-VTT. We also show that our Information Loss is generic which improves various models by significant margins. 
### 23.Extreme Relative Pose Estimation for RGB-D Scans via Scene Completion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00063.pdf)
>  Estimating the relative rigid pose between two RGB-D scans of the same underlying environment is a fundamental problem in computer vision, robotics, and computer graphics. Most existing approaches allow only limited maximum relative pose changes since they require considerable overlap between the input scans. We introduce a novel deep neural network that extends the scope to extreme relative poses, with little or even no overlap between the input scans. The key idea is to infer more complete scene information about the underlying environment and match on the completed scans. In particular, instead of only performing scene completion from each individual scan, our approach alternates between relative pose estimation and scene completion. This allows us to perform scene completion by utilizing information from both input scans at late iterations, resulting in better results for both scene completion and relative pose estimation. Experimental results on benchmark datasets show that our approach leads to considerable improvements over state-of-the-art approaches for relative pose estimation. In particular, our approach provides encouraging relative pose estimates even between non-overlapping scans. 
### 24.Multiple Sclerosis Lesion Inpainting Using Non-Local Partial Convolutions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00055.pdf)
>  Multiple sclerosis (MS) is an inflammatory demyelinating disease of the central nervous system (CNS) that results in focal injury to the grey and white matter. The presence of white matter lesions biases morphometric analyses such as registration, individual longitudinal measurements and tissue segmentation for brain volume measurements. Lesion-inpainting with intensities derived from surround healthy tissue represent one approach to alleviate such problems. However, existing methods inpaint lesions based on texture information derived from local surrounding tissue, often leading to inconsistent inpainting and the generation of artifacts such as intensity discrepancy and blurriness. Based on these observations, we propose non-local partial convolutions (NLPC) which integrates a Unet-like network with the non-local module. The non-local module is exploited to capture long range dependencies between the lesion area and remaining normal-appearing brain regions. Then, the lesion area is filled by referring to normal-appearing regions with more similar features. This method generates inpainted regions that appear more realistic and natural. Our quantitative experimental results also demonstrate superiority of this technique of existing state-of-the-art inpainting methods. 
### 25.A Noise-Sensitivity-Analysis-Based Test Prioritization Technique for Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00054.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been widely used in the fields such as natural language processing, computer vision and image recognition. But several studies have been shown that deep neural networks can be easily fooled by artificial examples with some perturbations, which are widely known as adversarial examples. Adversarial examples can be used to attack deep neural networks or to improve the robustness of deep neural networks. A common way of generating adversarial examples is to first generate some noises and then add them into original examples. In practice, different examples have different noise-sensitive. To generate an effective adversarial example, it may be necessary to add a lot of noise to low noise-sensitive example, which may make the adversarial example meaningless. In this paper, we propose a noise-sensitivity-analysis-based test prioritization technique to pick out examples by their noise sensitivity. We construct an experiment to validate our approach on four image sets and two DNN models, which shows that examples are sensitive to noise and our method can effectively pick out examples by their noise sensitivity. 
### 26.SiCloPe: Silhouette-Based Clothed People  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00049.pdf)
>  We introduce a new silhouette-based representation for modeling clothed human bodies using deep generative models. Our method can reconstruct a complete and textured 3D model of a person wearing clothes from a single input picture. Inspired by the visual hull algorithm, our implicit representation uses 2D silhouettes and 3D joints of a body pose to describe the immense shape complexity and variations of clothed people. Given a segmented 2D silhouette of a person and its inferred 3D joints from the input picture, we first synthesize consistent silhouettes from novel view points around the subject. The synthesized silhouettes, which are the most consistent with the input segmentation are fed into a deep visual hull algorithm for robust 3D shape prediction. We then infer the texture of the subject&#39;s back view using the frontal image and segmentation mask as input to a conditional generative adversarial network. Our experiments demonstrate that our silhouette-based model is an effective representation and the appearance of the back view can be predicted reliably using an image-to-image translation network. While classic methods based on parametric models often fail for single-view images of subjects with challenging clothing, our approach can still produce successful results, which are comparable to those obtained from multi-view input. 
### 27.Deep Information Theoretic Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00040.pdf)
>  This paper establishes an information theoretic framework for deep metric based image registration techniques. We show an exact equivalence between maximum profile likelihood and minimization of joint entropy, an important early information theoretic registration method. We further derive deep classifier-based metrics that can be used with iterated maximum likelihood to achieve Deep Information Theoretic Registration on patches rather than pixels. This alleviates a major shortcoming of previous information theoretic registration approaches, namely the implicit pixel-wise independence assumptions. Our proposed approach does not require well-registered training data; this brings previous fully supervised deep metric registration approaches to the realm of weak supervision. We evaluate our approach on several image registration tasks and show significantly better performance compared to mutual information, specifically when images have substantially different contrasts. This work enables general-purpose registration in applications where current methods are not successful. 
### 28.Mask-aware networks for crowd counting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00039.pdf)
>  Crowd counting problem aims to count the number of objects within an image or a frame in the videos and is usually solved by estimating the density map generated from the object location annotations. The values in the density map, by nature, take two possible states: zero indicating no object around, a non-zero value indicating the existence of objects and the value denoting the local object density. In contrast to traditional methods which do not differentiate the density prediction of these two states, we propose to use a dedicated network branch to predict the object/non-object mask and then combine its prediction with the input image to produce the density map. Our rationale is that the mask prediction could be better modeled as a binary segmentation problem and the difficulty of estimating the density could be reduced if the mask is known. A key to the proposed scheme is the strategy of incorporating the mask prediction into the density map estimator. To this end, we study five possible solutions, and via analysis and experimental validation we identify the most effective one. Through extensive experiments on five public datasets, we demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed approach over the baselines and show that our network could achieve the state-of-the-art performance. 
### 29.Interest Point Detection based on Adaptive Ternary Coding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00031.pdf)
>  In this paper, an adaptive pixel ternary coding mechanism is proposed and a contrast invariant and noise resistant interest point detector is developed on the basis of this mechanism. Every pixel in a local region is adaptively encoded into one of the three statuses: bright, uncertain and dark. The blob significance of the local region is measured by the spatial distribution of the bright and dark pixels. Interest points are extracted from this blob significance measurement. By labeling the statuses of ternary bright, uncertain, and dark, the proposed detector shows more robustness to image noise and quantization errors. Moreover, the adaptive strategy for the ternary cording, which relies on two thresholds that automatically converge to the median of the local region in measurement, enables this coding to be insensitive to the image local contrast. As a result, the proposed detector is invariant to illumination changes. The state-of-the-art results are achieved on the standard datasets, and also in the face recognition application. 
### 30.DCI: Discriminative and Contrast Invertible Descriptor  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00027.pdf)
>  Local feature descriptors have been widely used in fine-grained visual object search thanks to their robustness in scale and rotation variation and cluttered background. However, the performance of such descriptors drops under severe illumination changes. In this paper, we proposed a Discriminative and Contrast Invertible (DCI) local feature descriptor. In order to increase the discriminative ability of the descriptor under illumination changes, a Laplace gradient based histogram is proposed. A robust contrast flipping estimate is proposed based on the divergence of a local region. Experiments on fine-grained object recognition and retrieval applications demonstrate the superior performance of DCI descriptor to others. 
### 31.Learning Spatial Common Sense with Geometry-Aware Recurrent Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00003.pdf)
>  We integrate two powerful ideas, geometry and deep visual representation learning, into recurrent network architectures for mobile visual scene understanding. The proposed networks learn to &#34;lift&#34; 2D visual features and integrate them over time into latent 3D feature maps of the scene. They are equipped with differentiable geometric operations, such as projection, unprojection, egomotion estimation and stabilization, in order to compute a geometrically-consistent mapping between the world scene and their 3D latent feature space. We train the proposed architectures to predict novel image views given short frame sequences as input. Their predictions strongly generalize to scenes with a novel number of objects, appearances and configurations, and greatly outperform predictions of previous works that do not consider egomotion stabilization or a space-aware latent feature space. We train the proposed architectures to detect and segment objects in 3D, using the latent 3D feature map as input--as opposed to any input 2D video frame. The resulting detections are permanent: they continue to exist even when an object gets occluded or leaves the field of view. Our experiments suggest the proposed space-aware latent feature arrangement and egomotion-stabilized convolutions are essential architectural choices for spatial common sense to emerge in artificial embodied visual agents. 
### 32.Impact of Ground Truth Annotation Quality on Performance of Semantic Image Segmentation of Traffic Conditions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00001.pdf)
>  Preparation of high-quality datasets for the urban scene understanding is a labor-intensive task, especially, for datasets designed for the autonomous driving applications. The application of the coarse ground truth (GT) annotations of these datasets without detriment to the accuracy of semantic image segmentation (by the mean intersection over union - mIoU) could simplify and speedup the dataset preparation and model fine tuning before its practical application. Here the results of the comparative analysis for semantic segmentation accuracy obtained by PSPNet deep learning architecture are presented for fine and coarse annotated images from Cityscapes dataset. Two scenarios were investigated: scenario 1 - the fine GT images for training and prediction, and scenario 2 - the fine GT images for training and the coarse GT images for prediction. The obtained results demonstrated that for the most important classes the mean accuracy values of semantic image segmentation for coarse GT annotations are higher than for the fine GT ones, and the standard deviation values are vice versa. It means that for some applications some unimportant classes can be excluded and the model can be tuned further for some classes and specific regions on the coarse GT dataset without loss of the accuracy even. Moreover, this opens the perspectives to use deep neural networks for the preparation of such coarse GT datasets. 
### 33.Instant Automated Inference of Perceived Mental Stress through Smartphone PPG and Thermal Imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00449.pdf)
>  Background: A smartphone is a promising tool for daily cardiovascular measurement and mental stress monitoring. A smartphone camera-based PhotoPlethysmoGraphy (PPG) and a low-cost thermal camera can be used to create cheap, convenient and mobile monitoring systems. However, to ensure reliable monitoring results, a person has to remain still for several minutes while a measurement is being taken. This is very cumbersome and makes its use in real-life mobile situations quite impractical. <br />Objective: We propose a system which combines PPG and thermography with the aim of improving cardiovascular signal quality and capturing stress responses quickly. <br />Methods: Using a smartphone camera with a low cost thermal camera added on, we built a novel system which continuously and reliably measures two different types of cardiovascular events: i) blood volume pulse and ii) vasoconstriction/dilation-induced temperature changes of the nose tip. 17 healthy participants, involved in a series of stress-inducing mental workload tasks, measured their physiological responses to stressors over a short window of time (20 seconds) immediately after each task. Participants reported their level of perceived mental stress using a 10-cm Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). We used normalized K-means clustering to reduce interpersonal differences in the self-reported ratings. For the instant stress inference task, we built novel low-level feature sets representing variability of cardiovascular patterns. We then used the automatic feature learning capability of artificial Neural Networks (NN) to improve the mapping between the extracted set of features and the self-reported ratings. We compared our proposed method with existing hand-engineered features-based machine learning methods. <br />Results, Conclusions: ... due to limited space here, we refer to our manuscript. 
### 34.AVRA: Automatic Visual Ratings of Atrophy from MRI images using Recurrent Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00418.pdf)
>  Quantifying the degree of atrophy is done clinically by neuroradiologists following established visual rating scales. For these assessments to be reliable the rater requires substantial training and experience, and even then the rating agreement between two radiologists is not perfect. We have developed a model we call AVRA (Automatic Visual Ratings of Atrophy) based on machine learning methods and trained on 2350 visual ratings made by an experienced neuroradiologist. It provides fast and automatic ratings for Scheltens&#39; scale of medial temporal atrophy (MTA), the frontal subscale of Pasquier&#39;s Global Cortical Atrophy (GCA-F) scale, and Koedam&#39;s scale of Posterior Atrophy (PA). We demonstrate substantial inter-rater agreement between AVRA&#39;s and a neuroradiologist ratings with Cohen&#39;s weighted kappa values of $κ_w$ = 0.74/0.72 (MTA left/right), $κ_w$ = 0.62 (GCA-F) and $κ_w$ = 0.74 (PA), with an inherent intra-rater agreement of $κ_w$ = 1. We conclude that automatic visual ratings of atrophy can potentially have great clinical and scientific value, and aim to present AVRA as a freely available toolbox. 
### 35.A Survey on Multi-output Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00248.pdf)
>  Multi-output learning aims to simultaneously predict multiple outputs given an input. It is an important learning problem due to the pressing need for sophisticated decision making in real-world applications. Inspired by big data, the 4Vs characteristics of multi-output imposes a set of challenges to multi-output learning, in terms of the volume, velocity, variety and veracity of the outputs. Increasing number of works in the literature have been devoted to the study of multi-output learning and the development of novel approaches for addressing the challenges encountered. However, it lacks a comprehensive overview on different types of challenges of multi-output learning brought by the characteristics of the multiple outputs and the techniques proposed to overcome the challenges. This paper thus attempts to fill in this gap to provide a comprehensive review on this area. We first introduce different stages of the life cycle of the output labels. Then we present the paradigm on multi-output learning, including its myriads of output structures, definitions of its different sub-problems, model evaluation metrics and popular data repositories used in the study. Subsequently, we review a number of state-of-the-art multi-output learning methods, which are categorized based on the challenges. 
### 36.FPGA-based Accelerators of Deep Learning Networks for Learning and Classification: A Review  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00121.pdf)
>  Due to recent advances in digital technologies, and availability of credible data, an area of artificial intelligence, deep learning, has emerged, and has demonstrated its ability and effectiveness in solving complex learning problems not possible before. In particular, convolution neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated their effectiveness in image detection and recognition applications. However, they require intensive CPU operations and memory bandwidth that make general CPUs fail to achieve desired performance levels. Consequently, hardware accelerators that use application specific integrated circuits (ASICs), field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs), and graphic processing units (GPUs) have been employed to improve the throughput of CNNs. More precisely, FPGAs have been recently adopted for accelerating the implementation of deep learning networks due to their ability to maximize parallelism as well as due to their energy efficiency. In this paper, we review recent existing techniques for accelerating deep learning networks on FPGAs. We highlight the key features employed by the various techniques for improving the acceleration performance. In addition, we provide recommendations for enhancing the utilization of FPGAs for CNNs acceleration. The techniques investigated in this paper represent the recent trends in FPGA-based accelerators of deep learning networks. Thus, this review is expected to direct the future advances on efficient hardware accelerators and to be useful for deep learning researchers. 
### 37.Dense Morphological Network: An Universal Function Approximator  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00109.pdf)
>  Artificial neural networks are built on the basic operation of linear combination and non-linear activation function. Theoretically this structure can approximate any continuous function with three layer architecture. But in practice learning the parameters of such network can be hard. Also the choice of activation function can greatly impact the performance of the network. In this paper we are proposing to replace the basic linear combination operation with non-linear operations that do away with the need of additional non-linear activation function. To this end we are proposing the use of elementary morphological operations (dilation and erosion) as the basic operation in neurons. We show that these networks (Denoted as DenMo-Net) with morphological operations can approximate any smooth function requiring less number of parameters than what is necessary for normal neural networks. The results show that our network perform favorably when compared with similar structured network. 
### 38.Deep Frame Prediction for Video Coding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00062.pdf)
>  We propose a novel frame prediction method using a deep neural network (DNN), with the goal of improving video coding efficiency. The proposed DNN makes use of decoded frames, at both encoder and decoder, to predict textures of the current coding block. Unlike conventional inter-prediction, the proposed method does not require any motion information to be transferred between the encoder and the decoder. Still, both uni-directional and bi-directional prediction are possible using the proposed DNN, which is enabled by the use of the temporal index channel, in addition to color channels. In this study, we developed a jointly trained DNN for both uni- and bi-directional prediction, as well as separate networks for uni- and bi-directional prediction, and compared the efficacy of both approaches. The proposed DNNs were compared with the conventional motion-compensated prediction in the latest video coding standard, HEVC, in terms of BD-Bitrate. The experiments show that the proposed joint DNN (for both uni- and bi-directional prediction) reduces the luminance bitrate by about 3.9%, 2.2%, and 2.2% in the Low delay P, Low delay, and Random access configurations, respectively. In addition, using the separately trained DNNs brings further bit savings of about 0.4%-0.8%. 
