# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 18 Jan 2019
### 1.Semantic Nighttime Image Segmentation with Synthetic Stylized Data, Gradual Adaptation and Uncertainty-Aware Evaluation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05946.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of semantic segmentation of nighttime images. The main direction of recent progress in semantic segmentation pertains to daytime scenes with favorable illumination conditions. We focus on improving the performance of state-of-the-art methods on the nighttime domain by adapting them to nighttime data without extra annotations, and designing a new evaluation framework to address the uncertainty of semantics in nighttime images. To this end, we make the following contributions: 1) a novel pipeline for dataset-scale guided style transfer to generate synthetic nighttime images from real daytime input; 2) a framework to gradually adapt semantic segmentation models from day to night via stylized and real images of progressively increasing darkness; 3) a novel uncertainty-aware annotation and evaluation framework and metric for semantic segmentation in adverse conditions; 4) the Dark Zurich dataset with 2416 nighttime and 2920 twilight unlabeled images plus 20 nighttime images with pixel-level annotations that conform to our newly-proposed evaluation. Our experiments evidence that both our stylized data per se and our gradual adaptation significantly boost performance at nighttime both for standard evaluation metrics and our metric. Moreover, our new evaluation reveals that state-of-the-art segmentation models output overly confident predictions at indiscernible regions compared to visible ones. 
### 2.Foreground-aware Image Inpainting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05945.pdf)
>  Existing image inpainting methods typically fill holes by borrowing information from surrounding image regions. They often produce unsatisfactory results when the holes overlap with or touch foreground objects due to lack of information about the actual extent of foreground and background regions within the holes. These scenarios, however, are very important in practice, especially for applications such as distracting object removal. To address the problem, we propose a foreground-aware image inpainting system that explicitly disentangles structure inference and content completion. Specifically, our model learns to predict the foreground contour first, and then inpaints the missing region using the predicted contour as guidance. We show that by this disentanglement, the contour completion model predicts reasonable contours of objects, and further substantially improves the performance of image inpainting. Experiments show that our method significantly outperforms existing methods and achieves superior inpainting results on challenging cases with complex compositions. 
### 3.A Performance Comparison of Loss Functions for Deep Face Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05903.pdf)
>  The emergence of biometric tools and its increased usage in day to day devices has brought simplicity in the authentication process for the users as compared to the passwords and pattern locks being used. The ease of use of biometric reduces the manual work and helps in faster and automatic authentication. Among different biometric traits, the face is one which can be captured without much cooperation of users. Moreover, face recognition is one of the most widely publicized feature in the devices today and hence represents an important problem that should be studied with the utmost priority. As per the recent trends, the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based approaches are highly successful in many tasks of Computer Vision including face recognition. The loss function is used on the top of CNN to judge the goodness of any network. The loss functions play an important role in CNN training. Basically, it generates a huge loss, if the network does not perform well using the current parameter setting. In this paper, we present a performance comparison of different loss functions such as Cross-Entropy, Angular Softmax, Additive-Margin Softmax, ArcFace and Marginal Loss for face recognition. The experiments are conducted with two CNN architectures namely, ResNet and MobileNet. Two widely used face datasets namely, CASIA-Webface and MS-Celeb-1M are used for the training and benchmark Labeled Faces in the Wild (LFW) face dataset is used for the testing. The training and test results are analyzed in this paper. 
### 4.LiSHT: Non-Parametric Linearly Scaled Hyperbolic Tangent Activation Function for Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05894.pdf)
>  The activation function in neural network is one of the important aspects which facilitates the deep training by introducing the non-linearity into the learning process. However, because of zero-hard rectification, some the of existing activations function such as ReLU and Swish miss to utilize the negative input values and may suffer from the dying gradient problem. Thus, it is important to look for a better activation function which is free from such problems. As a remedy, this paper proposes a new non-parametric function, called Linearly Scaled Hyperbolic Tangent (LiSHT) for Neural Networks (NNs). The proposed LiSHT activation function is an attempt to scale the non-linear Hyperbolic Tangent (Tanh) function by a linear function and tackle the dying gradient problem. The training and classification experiments are performed over benchmark Car Evaluation, Iris, MNIST, CIFAR10, CIFAR100 and twitter140 datasets to show that the proposed activation achieves faster convergence and higher performance. A very promising performance improvement is observed on three different type of neural networks including Multi-layer Perceptron (MLP), Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Recurrent neural network like Long-short term memory (LSTM). The advantages of proposed activation function are also visualized in terms of the feature activation maps, weight distribution and loss landscape. 
### 5.EAT-NAS: Elastic Architecture Transfer for Accelerating Large-scale Neural Architecture Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05884.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) methods have been proposed to release human experts from tedious architecture engineering. However, most current methods are constrained in small-scale search due to the issue of computational resources. Meanwhile, directly applying architectures searched on small datasets to large-scale tasks often bears no performance guarantee. This limitation impedes the wide use of NAS on large-scale tasks. To overcome this obstacle, we propose an elastic architecture transfer mechanism for accelerating large-scale neural architecture search (EAT-NAS). In our implementations, architectures are first searched on a small dataset (the width and depth of architectures are taken into consideration as well), e.g., CIFAR-10, and the best is chosen as the basic architecture. Then the whole architecture is transferred with elasticity. We accelerate the search process on a large-scale dataset, e.g., the whole ImageNet dataset, with the help of the basic architecture. What we propose is not only a NAS method but a mechanism for architecture-level transfer. <br />In our experiments, we obtain two final models EATNet-A and EATNet-B that achieve competitive accuracies, 73.8% and 73.7% on ImageNet, respectively, which also surpass the models searched from scratch on ImageNet under the same settings. For computational cost, EAT-NAS takes only less than 5 days on 8 TITAN X GPUs, which is significantly less than the computational consumption of the state-of-the-art large-scale NAS methods. 
### 6.UltraCompression: Framework for High Density Compression of Ultrasound Volumes using Physics Modeling Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05880.pdf)
>  Ultrasound image compression by preserving speckle-based key information is a challenging task. In this paper, we introduce an ultrasound image compression framework with the ability to retain realism of speckle appearance despite achieving very high-density compression factors. The compressor employs a tissue segmentation method, transmitting segments along with transducer frequency, number of samples and image size as essential information required for decompression. The decompressor is based on a convolutional network trained to generate patho-realistic ultrasound images which convey essential information pertinent to tissue pathology visible in the images. We demonstrate generalizability of the building blocks using two variants to build the compressor. We have evaluated the quality of decompressed images using distortion losses as well as perception loss and compared it with other off the shelf solutions. The proposed method achieves a compression ratio of $725:1$ while preserving the statistical distribution of speckles. This enables image segmentation on decompressed images to achieve dice score of $0.89 \pm 0.11$, which evidently is not so accurately achievable when images are compressed with current standards like JPEG, JPEG 2000, WebP and BPG. We envision this frame work to serve as a roadmap for speckle image compression standards. 
### 7.Residual Attention based Network for Hand Bone Age Assessment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05876.pdf)
>  Computerized automatic methods have been employed to boost the productivity as well as objectiveness of hand bone age assessment. These approaches make predictions according to the whole X-ray images, which include other objects that may introduce distractions. Instead, our framework is inspired by the clinical workflow (Tanner-Whitehouse) of hand bone age assessment, which focuses on the key components of the hand. The proposed framework is composed of two components: a Mask R-CNN subnet of pixelwise hand segmentation and a residual attention network for hand bone age assessment. The Mask R-CNN subnet segments the hands from X-ray images to avoid the distractions of other objects (e.g., X-ray tags). The hierarchical attention components of the residual attention subnet force our network to focus on the key components of the X-ray images and generate the final predictions as well as the associated visual supports, which is similar to the assessment procedure of clinicians. We evaluate the performance of the proposed pipeline on the RSNA pediatric bone age dataset and the results demonstrate its superiority over the previous methods. 
### 8.No reference image quality assessment metric based on regional mutual information among images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05811.pdf)
>  With the inclusion of camera in daily life, an automatic no reference image quality evaluation index is required for automatic classification of images. The present manuscripts proposes a new No Reference Regional Mutual Information based technique for evaluating the quality of an image. We use regional mutual information on subsets of the complete image. Proposed technique is tested on four benchmark natural image databases, and one benchmark synthetic database. A comparative analysis with classical and state-of-art methods indicate superiority of the present technique for high quality images and comparable for other images of the respective databases. 
### 9.AuxNet: Auxiliary tasks enhanced Semantic Segmentation for Automated Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05808.pdf)
>  Decision making in automated driving is highly specific to the environment and thus semantic segmentation plays a key role in recognizing the objects in the environment around the car. Pixel level classification once considered a challenging task which is now becoming mature to be productized in a car. However, semantic annotation is time consuming and quite expensive. Synthetic datasets with domain adaptation techniques have been used to alleviate the lack of large annotated datasets. In this work, we explore an alternate approach of leveraging the annotations of other tasks to improve semantic segmentation. Recently, multi-task learning became a popular paradigm in automated driving which demonstrates joint learning of multiple tasks improves overall performance of each tasks. Motivated by this, we use auxiliary tasks like depth estimation to improve the performance of semantic segmentation task. We propose adaptive task loss weighting techniques to address scale issues in multi-task loss functions which become more crucial in auxiliary tasks. We experimented on automotive datasets including SYNTHIA and KITTI and obtained 3% and 5% improvement in accuracy respectively. 
### 10.Towards Building the Semantic Map from a Monocular Camera with a Multi-task Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05807.pdf)
>  In many robotic applications, especially for the autonomous driving, understanding the semantic information and the geometric structure of surroundings are both essential. Semantic 3D maps, as a carrier of the environmental knowledge, are then intensively studied for their abilities and applications. However, it is still challenging to produce a dense outdoor semantic map from a monocular image stream. Motivated by this target, in this paper, we propose a method for large-scale 3D reconstruction from consecutive monocular images. First, with the correlation of underlying information between depth and semantic prediction, a novel multi-task Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is designed for joint prediction. Given a single image, the network learns low-level information with a shared encoder and separately predicts with decoders containing additional Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (ASPP) layers and the residual connection which merits disparities and semantic mutually. To overcome the inconsistency of monocular depth prediction for reconstruction, post-processing steps with the superpixelization and the effective 3D representation approach are obtained to give the final semantic map. Experiments are compared with other methods on both semantic labeling and depth prediction. We also qualitatively demonstrate the map reconstructed from large-scale, difficult monocular image sequences to prove the effectiveness and superiority. 
### 11.Ensemble Feature for Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05798.pdf)
>  In person re-identification (re-ID), the key task is feature representation, which is used to compute distance or similarity in prediction. Person re-ID achieves great improvement when deep learning methods are introduced to tackle this problem. The features extracted by convolutional neural networks (CNN) are more effective and discriminative than the hand-crafted features. However, deep feature extracted by a single CNN network is not robust enough in testing stage. To improve the ability of feature representation, we propose a new ensemble network (EnsembleNet) by dividing a single network into multiple end-to-end branches. The ensemble feature is obtained by concatenating each of the branch features to represent a person. EnsembleNet is designed based on ResNet-50 and its backbone shares most of the parameters for saving computation and memory cost. Experimental results show that our EnsembleNet achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the public Market1501, DukeMTMC-reID and CUHK03 person re-ID benchmarks. 
### 12.Cone-beam CT to Planning CT synthesis using generative adversarial networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05773.pdf)
>  Cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) offers advantages over conventional fan-beam CT in that it requires a shorter time and less exposure to obtain images. CBCT has found a wide variety of applications in patient positioning for image-guided radiation therapy, extracting radiomic information for designing patient-specific treatment, and computing fractional dose distributions for adaptive radiation therapy. However, CBCT images suffer from low soft-tissue contrast, noise, and artifacts compared to conventional fan-beam CT images. Therefore, it is essential to improve the image quality of CBCT. In this paper, we propose a synthetic approach to translate CBCT images with deep neural networks. Our method requires only unpaired and unaligned CBCT images and planning fan-beam CT (PlanCT) images for training. Once trained, 3D reconstructed CBCT images can be directly translated to high-quality PlanCT-like images. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method with images obtained from 20 prostate patients, and we provide a statistical and visual comparison. The image quality of the translated images shows substantial improvement in voxel values, spatial uniformity, and artifact suppression compared to those of the original CBCT. The anatomical structures of the original CBCT images were also well preserved in the translated images. Our method enables more accurate adaptive radiation therapy, and opens up new applications for CBCT that hinge on high-quality images. 
### 13.SAFE: Scale Aware Feature Encoder for Scene Text Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05770.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of having characters with different scales in scene text recognition. We propose a novel scale aware feature encoder (SAFE) that is designed specifically for encoding characters with different scales. SAFE is composed of a multi-scale convolutional encoder and a scale attention network. The multi-scale convolutional encoder targets at extracting character features under multiple scales, and the scale attention network is responsible for selecting features from the most relevant scale(s). SAFE has two main advantages over the traditional single-CNN encoder used in current state-of-the-art text recognizers. First, it explicitly tackles the scale problem by extracting scale-invariant features from the characters. This allows the recognizer to put more effort in handling other challenges in scene text recognition, like those caused by view distortion and poor image quality. Second, it can transfer the learning of feature encoding across different character scales. This is particularly important when the training set has a very unbalanced distribution of character scales, as training with such a dataset will make the encoder biased towards extracting features from the predominant scale. To evaluate the effectiveness of SAFE, we design a simple text recognizer named scale-spatial attention network (S-SAN) that employs SAFE as its feature encoder, and carry out experiments on six public benchmarks. Experimental results demonstrate that S-SAN can achieve state-of-the-art (or, in some cases, extremely competitive) performance without any post-processing. 
### 14.Video-Based Pedestrian Attribute Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05742.pdf)
>  In this paper, we first tackle the problem of pedestrian attribute recognition by video-based approach.The challenge mainly lies in spatial and temporal modeling and how to integrating them for effective and dynamic pedestrian representation.To solve this problem, a novel deep recurrent neural network with hybrid pooling strategy is proposed.Since publicly available dataset is rare, a new large-scale video dataset for pedestrian attribute recognition is annotated, on which the effectiveness of both video-based pedestrian attribute recognition and the proposed new network architecture is well demonstrated. 
### 15.Multiple Sclerosis Lesion Synthesis in MRI using an encoder-decoder U-NET  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05733.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose generating synthetic multiple sclerosis (MS) lesions on MRI images with the final aim to improve the performance of supervised machine learning algorithms, therefore avoiding the problem of the lack of available ground truth. We propose a two-input two-output fully convolutional neural network model for MS lesion synthesis in MRI images. The lesion information is encoded as discrete binary intensity level masks passed to the model and stacked with the input images. The model is trained end-to-end without the need for manually annotating the lesions in the training set. We then perform the generation of synthetic lesions on healthy images via registration of patient images, which are subsequently used for data augmentation to increase the performance for supervised MS lesion detection algorithms. Our pipeline is evaluated on MS patient data from an in-house clinical dataset and the public ISBI2015 challenge dataset. The evaluation is based on measuring the similarities between the real and the synthetic images as well as in terms of lesion detection performance by segmenting both the original and synthetic images individually using a state-of-the-art segmentation framework. We also demonstrate the usage of synthetic MS lesions generated on healthy images as data augmentation. We analyze a scenario of limited training data (one-image training) to demonstrate the effect of the data augmentation on both datasets. Our results significantly show the effectiveness of the usage of synthetic MS lesion images. For the ISBI2015 challenge, our one-image model trained using only a single image plus the synthetic data augmentation strategy showed a performance similar to that of other CNN methods that were fully trained using the entire training set, yielding a comparable human expert rater performance 
### 16.Image Enhancement Network Trained by Using HDR images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05686.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel image enhancement network is proposed, where HDR images are used for generating training data for our network. Most of conventional image enhancement methods, including Retinex based methods, do not take into account restoring lost pixel values caused by clipping and quantizing. In addition, recently proposed CNN based methods still have a limited scope of application or a limited performance, due to network architectures. In contrast, the proposed method have a higher performance and a simpler network architecture than existing CNN based methods. Moreover, the proposed method enables us to restore lost pixel values. Experimental results show that the proposed method can provides higher-quality images than conventional image enhancement methods including a CNN based method, in terms of TMQI and NIQE. 
### 17.Background subtraction on depth videos with convolutional neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05676.pdf)
>  Background subtraction is a significant component of computer vision systems. It is widely used in video surveillance, object tracking, anomaly detection, etc. A new data source for background subtraction appeared as the emergence of low-cost depth sensors like Microsof t Kinect, Asus Xtion PRO, etc. In this paper, we propose a background subtraction approach on depth videos, which is based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs), called BGSNet-D (BackGround Subtraction neural Networks for Depth videos). The method can be used in color unavailable scenarios like poor lighting situations, and can also be applied to combine with existing RGB background subtraction methods. A preprocessing strategy is designed to reduce the influences incurred by noise from depth sensors. The experimental results on the SBM-RGBD dataset show that the proposed method outperforms existing methods on depth data. 
### 18.Certainty-Driven Consistency Loss for Semi-supervised Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05657.pdf)
>  The recently proposed semi-supervised learning methods exploit consistency loss between different predictions under random perturbations. Typically, a student model is trained to predict consistently with the targets generated by a noisy teacher. However, they ignore the fact that not all training data provide meaningful and reliable information in terms of consistency. For misclassified data, blindly minimizing the consistency loss around them can hinder learning. In this paper, we propose a novel certainty-driven consistency loss (CCL) to dynamically select data samples that have relatively low uncertainty. Specifically, we measure the variance or entropy of multiple predictions under random augmentations and dropout as an estimation of uncertainty. Then, we introduce two approaches, i.e. Filtering CCL and Temperature CCL to guide the student learn more meaningful and certain/reliable targets, and hence improve the quality of the gradients backpropagated to the student. Experiments demonstrate the advantages of the proposed method over the state-of-the-art semi-supervised deep learning methods on three benchmark datasets: SVHN, CIFAR10, and CIFAR100. Our method also shows robustness to noisy labels. 
### 19.Enhance the Motion Cues for Face Anti-Spoofing using CNN-LSTM Architecture  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05635.pdf)
>  Spatio-temporal information is very important to capture the discriminative cues between genuine and fake faces from video sequences. To explore such a temporal feature, the fine-grained motions (e.g., eye blinking, mouth movements and head swing) across video frames are very critical. In this paper, we propose a joint CNN-LSTM network for face anti-spoofing, focusing on the motion cues across video frames. We first extract the high discriminative features of video frames using the conventional Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Then we leverage Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) with the extracted features as inputs to capture the temporal dynamics in videos. To ensure the fine-grained motions more easily to be perceived in the training process, the eulerian motion magnification is used as the preprocessing to enhance the facial expressions exhibited by individuals, and the attention mechanism is embedded in LSTM to ensure the model learn to focus selectively on the dynamic frames across the video clips. Experiments on Replay Attack and MSU-MFSD databases show that the proposed method yields state-of-the-art performance with better generalization ability compared with several other popular algorithms. 
### 20.Cognitive Analysis of 360 degree Surround Photos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05634.pdf)
>  360 degrees surround photography or photospheres have taken the world by storm as the new media for content creation providing viewers rich, immersive experience compared to conventional photography. With the emergence of Virtual Reality as a mainstream trend, the 360 degrees photography is increasingly important to offer a practical approach to the general public to capture virtual reality ready content from their mobile phones without explicit tool support or knowledge. Even though the amount of 360-degree surround content being uploaded to the Internet continues to grow, there is no proper way to index them or to process them for further information. This is because of the difficulty in image processing the photospheres due to the distorted nature of objects embedded. This challenge lies in the way 360-degree panoramic photospheres are saved. This paper presents a unique, and innovative technique named Photosphere to Cognition Engine (P2CE), which allows cognitive analysis on 360-degree surround photos using existing image cognitive analysis algorithms and APIs designed for conventional photos. We have optimized the system using a wide variety of indoor and outdoor samples and extensive evaluation approaches. On average, P2CE provides up-to 100% growth in accuracy on image cognitive analysis of Photospheres over direct use of conventional non-photosphere based Image Cognition Systems. 
### 21.Deep Transfer Across Domains for Face Anti-spoofing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05633.pdf)
>  A practical face recognition system demands not only high recognition performance, but also the capability of detecting spoofing attacks. While emerging approaches of face anti-spoofing have been proposed in recent years, most of them do not generalize well to new database. The generalization ability of face anti-spoofing needs to be significantly improved before they can be adopted by practical application systems. The main reason for the poor generalization of current approaches is the variety of materials among the spoofing devices. As the attacks are produced by putting a spoofing display (e.t., paper, electronic screen, forged mask) in front of a camera, the variety of spoofing materials can make the spoofing attacks quite different. Furthermore, the background/lighting condition of a new environment can make both the real accesses and spoofing attacks different. Another reason for the poor generalization is that limited labeled data is available for training in face anti-spoofing. In this paper, we focus on improving the generalization ability across different kinds of datasets. We propose a CNN framework using sparsely labeled data from the target domain to learn features that are invariant across domains for face anti-spoofing. Experiments on public-domain face spoofing databases show that the proposed method significantly improve the cross-dataset testing performance only with a small number of labeled samples from the target domain. 
### 22.Hand Sign to Bangla Speech: A Deep Learning in Vision based system for Recognizing Hand Sign Digits and Generating Bangla Speech  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05613.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in the field of computer vision with the help of deep neural networks have led us to explore and develop many existing challenges that were once unattended due to the lack of necessary technologies. Hand Sign/Gesture Recognition is one of the significant areas where the deep neural network is making a substantial impact. In the last few years, a large number of researches has been conducted to recognize hand signs and hand gestures, which we aim to extend to our mother-tongue, Bangla (also known as Bengali). The primary goal of our work is to make an automated tool to aid the people who are unable to speak. We developed a system that automatically detects hand sign based digits and speaks out the result in Bangla language. According to the report of the World Health Organization (WHO), 15% of people in the world live with some kind of disabilities. Among them, individuals with communication impairment such as speech disabilities experience substantial barrier in social interaction. The proposed system can be invaluable to mitigate such a barrier. The core of the system is built with a deep learning model which is based on convolutional neural networks (CNN). The model classifies hand sign based digits with 92% accuracy over validation data which ensures it a highly trustworthy system. Upon classification of the digits, the resulting output is fed to the text to speech engine and the translator unit eventually which generates audio output in Bangla language. A web application to demonstrate our tool is available at <a href="http://bit.ly/signdigits2banglaspeech">this http URL</a>. 
### 23.Learning Generalizable and Identity-Discriminative Representations for Face Anti-Spoofing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05602.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing (a.k.a presentation attack detection) has drawn growing attention due to the high-security demand in face authentication systems. Existing CNN-based approaches usually well recognize the spoofing faces when training and testing spoofing samples display similar patterns, but their performance would drop drastically on testing spoofing faces of unseen scenes. In this paper, we try to boost the generalizability and applicability of these methods by designing a CNN model with two major novelties. First, we propose a simple yet effective Total Pairwise Confusion (TPC) loss for CNN training, which enhances the generalizability of the learned Presentation Attack (PA) representations. Secondly, we incorporate a Fast Domain Adaptation (FDA) component into the CNN model to alleviate negative effects brought by domain changes. Besides, our proposed model, which is named Generalizable Face Authentication CNN (GFA-CNN), works in a multi-task manner, performing face anti-spoofing and face recognition simultaneously. Experimental results show that GFA-CNN outperforms previous face anti-spoofing approaches and also well preserves the identity information of input face images. 
### 24.Soft Rasterizer: Differentiable Rendering for Unsupervised Single-View Mesh Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05567.pdf)
>  Rendering is the process of generating 2D images from 3D assets, simulated in a virtual environment, typically with a graphics pipeline. By inverting such renderer, one can think of a learning approach to predict a 3D shape from an input image. However, standard rendering pipelines involve a fundamental discretization step called rasterization, which prevents the rendering process to be differentiable, hence suitable for learning. We present the first non-parametric and truly differentiable rasterizer based on silhouettes. Our method enables unsupervised learning for high-quality 3D mesh reconstruction from a single image. We call our framework `soft rasterizer&#39; as it provides an accurate soft approximation of the standard rasterizer. The key idea is to fuse the probabilistic contributions of all mesh triangles with respect to the rendered pixels. When combined with a mesh generator in a deep neural network, our soft rasterizer is able to generate an approximated silhouette of the generated polygon mesh in the forward pass. The rendering loss is back-propagated to supervise the mesh generation without the need of 3D training data. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised techniques, both quantitatively and qualitatively. We also show that our soft rasterizer can achieve comparable results to the cutting-edge supervised learning method and in various cases even better ones, especially for real-world data. 
### 25.Visual Feature Fusion and its Application to Support Unsupervised Clustering Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05556.pdf)
>  On visual analytics applications, the concept of putting the user on the loop refers to the ability to replace heuristics by user knowledge on machine learning and data mining tasks. On supervised tasks, the user engagement occurs via the manipulation of the training data. However, on unsupervised tasks, the user involvement is limited to changes in the algorithm parametrization or the input data representation, also known as features. Depending on the application domain, different types of features can be extracted from the raw data. Therefore, the result of unsupervised algorithms heavily depends on the type of employed feature. Since there is no perfect feature extractor, combining different features have been explored in a process called feature fusion. The feature fusion is straightforward when the machine learning or data mining task has a cost function. However, when such a function does not exist, user support for combination needs to be provided otherwise the process is impractical. In this paper, we present a novel feature fusion approach that uses small data samples to allows users not only to effortless control the combination of different feature sets but also to interpret the attained results. The effectiveness of our approach is confirmed by a comprehensive set of qualitative and quantitative tests, opening up different possibilities of user-guided analytical scenarios not covered yet. The ability of our approach to providing real-time feedback for the feature fusion is exploited on the context of unsupervised clustering techniques, where the composed groups reflect the semantics of the feature combination. 
### 26.Class-Balanced Loss Based on Effective Number of Samples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05555.pdf)
>  With the rapid increase of large-scale, real-world datasets, it becomes critical to address the problem of long-tailed data distribution (i.e., a few classes account for most of the data, while most classes are under-represented). Existing solutions typically adopt class re-balancing strategies such as re-sampling and re-weighting based on the number of observations for each class. In this work, we argue that as the number of samples increases, the additional benefit of a newly added data point will diminish. We introduce a novel theoretical framework to measure data overlap by associating with each sample a small neighboring region rather than a single point. The effective number of samples is defined as the volume of samples and can be calculated by a simple formula $(1-β^{n})/(1-β)$, where $n$ is the number of samples and $β\in [0,1)$ is a hyperparameter. We design a re-weighting scheme that uses the effective number of samples for each class to re-balance the loss, thereby yielding a class-balanced loss. Comprehensive experiments are conducted on artificially induced long-tailed CIFAR datasets and large-scale datasets including ImageNet and iNaturalist. Our results show that when trained with the proposed class-balanced loss, the network is able to achieve significant performance gains on long-tailed datasets. 
### 27.Primitive-based 3D Building Modeling, Sensor Simulation, and Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05554.pdf)
>  As we begin to consider modeling large, realistic 3D building scenes, it becomes necessary to consider a more compact representation over the polygonal mesh model. Due to the large amounts of annotated training data, which is costly to obtain, we leverage synthetic data to train our system for the satellite image domain. By utilizing the synthetic data, we formulate the building decomposition as an application of instance segmentation and primitive fitting to decompose a building into a set of primitive shapes. Experimental results on WorldView-3 satellite image dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our 3D building modeling approach. 
### 28.Conditional Domain Adaptation GANs for Biomedical Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05553.pdf)
>  Due to visual differences in biomedical image datasets acquired using distinct digitization techniques, Transfer Learning is an important step for improving the generalization capabilities of Neural Networks in this area. Despite succeeding in classification tasks, most Domain Adaptation strategies face serious limitations in segmentation. Therefore, improving on previous Image Translation networks, we propose a Domain Adaptation method for biomedical image segmentation based on adversarial networks that can learn from both unlabeled and labeled data. Our experimental procedure compares our method using several domains, datasets, segmentation tasks and baselines, performing quantitative and qualitative comparisons of the proposed method with baselines. The proposed method shows consistently better results than the baselines in scarce label scenarios, often achieving Jaccard values greater than 0.9 and adequate segmentation quality in most tasks and datasets. 
### 29.Response to &#34;Visual Dialogue without Vision or Dialogue&#34; (Massiceti et al., 2018)  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05531.pdf)
>  In a recent workshop paper, Massiceti et al. presented a baseline model and subsequent critique of Visual Dialog (Das et al., CVPR 2017) that raises what we believe to be unfounded concerns about the dataset and evaluation. This article intends to rebut the critique and clarify potential confusions for practitioners and future participants in the Visual Dialog challenge. 
### 30.An Underwater Image Enhancement Benchmark Dataset and Beyond  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05495.pdf)
>  Underwater image enhancement has been attracting much attention due to its significance in marine engineering and aquatic robot. Numerous underwater image enhancement algorithms have been proposed in the last few years. However, these algorithms are mainly evaluated using either synthetic datasets or few selected real-world images. It is thus unclear how these algorithms would perform on images acquired in the wild and how we could gauge the progress in the field. To bridge this gap, we present the first comprehensive perceptual study and analysis of underwater image enhancement using large-scale real-world degraded images. In this paper, we construct an Underwater Image Enhancement Benchmark Dataset(UIEBD) including 950 real-world underwater images, 890 of which have corresponding reference images. We treat the rest 60 underwater images which cannot obtain satisfactory references as challenging data. Using this dataset, we conduct a comprehensive study of the state-of-the-art underwater image enhancement algorithms qualitatively and quantitatively. In addition, we propose an end-to-end Deep Underwater Image Enhancement Network (DUIENet) trained by this benchmark as a baseline, which indicates the generalization of the proposed UIEBD for training Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). The benchmark evaluations and the proposed DUIENet demonstrate the performance and limitations of state-of-the-art algorithms which shed light on future research in underwater image enhancement. 
### 31.Unsupervised Graph-based Rank Aggregation for Improved Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05743.pdf)
>  This paper presents a robust and comprehensive graph-based rank aggregation approach, used to combine results of isolated ranker models in retrieval tasks. The method follows an unsupervised scheme, which is independent of how the isolated ranks are formulated. Our approach is able to combine arbitrary models, defined in terms of different ranking criteria, such as those based on textual, image or hybrid content representations. <br />We reformulate the ad-hoc retrieval problem as a document retrieval of their fusion graph, which we propose as a new unified representation model capable of merging multiple ranks and expressing inter-relationships of retrieval results automatically. By doing so, we claim that the retrieval system can benefit from learning the manifold structure of datasets, thus leading to more effective results. Another contribution is that our graph-based aggregation formulation, unlike existing approaches, allows for encapsulating contextual information encoded from multiple ranks, which can be directly used for ranking, without further computations and processing steps over the graphs. Based on the graphs, a novel similarity retrieval score is formulated using an efficient computation of minimum common subgraphs. Finally, another benefit over existing approaches is the absence of hyperparameters. <br />A comprehensive experimental evaluation was conducted considering diverse well-known public datasets, composed of textual, image, and multimodal documents. Performed experiments demonstrate that our method reaches top performance, yielding better effectiveness scores than state-of-the-art baseline methods and promoting large gains over the rankers being fused, thus showing the successful capability of the proposal in representing queries based on a unified graph-based model of rank fusions. 
