# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 7 Jan 2019
### 1.A Distance Map Regularized CNN for Cardiac Cine MR Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01238.pdf)
>  Cardiac image segmentation is a critical process for generating personalized models of the heart and for quantifying cardiac performance parameters. Several convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures have been proposed to segment the heart chambers from cardiac cine MR images. Here we propose a multi-task learning (MTL)-based regularization framework for cardiac MR image segmentation. The network is trained to perform the main task of semantic segmentation, along with a simultaneous, auxiliary task of pixel-wise distance map regression. The proposed distance map regularizer is a decoder network added to the bottleneck layer of an existing CNN architecture, facilitating the network to learn robust global features. The regularizer block is removed after training, so that the original number of network parameters does not change. We show that the proposed regularization method improves both binary and multi-class segmentation performance over the corresponding state-of-the-art CNN architectures on two publicly available cardiac cine MRI datasets, obtaining average dice coefficient of 0.84$\pm$0.03 and 0.91$\pm$0.04, respectively. Furthermore, we also demonstrate improved generalization performance of the distance map regularized network on cross-dataset segmentation, showing as much as 41% improvement in average Dice coefficient from 0.57$\pm$0.28 to 0.80$\pm$0.13. 
### 2.Adversarial Examples versus Cloud-based Detectors: A Black-box Empirical Study  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01223.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been broadly leveraged by major cloud providers such as Google, AWS, Baidu, to offer various computer vision related services including image auto-classification, object identification and illegal image detection. While many recent works demonstrated that deep learning classification models are vulnerable to adversarial examples, real-world cloud-based image detection services are more complex than classification and there is little literature about adversarial example attacks on detection services. In this paper, we mainly focus on studying the security of real-world cloud-based image detectors. Specifically, (1) based on effective semantic segmentation, we propose four different attacks to generate semantics-aware adversarial examples via only interacting with black-box APIs; and (2) we make the first attempt to conduct an extensive empirical study of black-box attacks against real-world cloud-based image detectors. Through evaluations on five popular cloud platforms including AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Baidu Cloud and Alibaba Cloud, we demonstrate that our IP attack has a success rate of approximately 100%, and semantic segmentation based attacks (e.g., SP, SBLS, SBB) have a a success rate over 90% among different detection services, such as violence, politician and pornography detection. We discuss the possible defenses to address these security challenges in cloud-based detectors. 
### 3.Fully Convolutional Deep Network Architectures for Automatic Short Glass Fiber Semantic Segmentation from CT scans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01211.pdf)
>  We present the first attempt to perform short glass fiber semantic segmentation from X-ray computed tomography volumetric datasets at medium (3.9 μm isotropic) and low (8.3 μm isotropic) resolution using deep learning architectures. We performed experiments on both synthetic and real CT scans and evaluated deep fully convolutional architectures with both 2D and 3D kernels. Our artificial neural networks outperform existing methods at both medium and low resolution scans. 
### 4.Reference Setup for Quantitative Comparison of Segmentation Techniques for Short Glass Fiber CT Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01210.pdf)
>  Comparing different algorithms for segmenting glass fibers in industrial computed tomography (CT) scans is difficult due to the absence of a standard reference dataset. In this work, we introduce a set of annotated scans of short-fiber reinforced polymers (SFRP) as well as synthetically created CT volume data together with the evaluation metrics. We suggest both the metrics and this data set as a reference for studying the performance of different algorithms. The real scans were acquired by a Nikon MCT225 X-ray CT system. The simulated scans were created by the use of an in-house computational model and third-party commercial software. For both types of data, corresponding ground truth annotations have been prepared, including hand annotations for the real scans and STL models for the synthetic scans. Additionally, a Hessian-based Frangi vesselness filter for fiber segmentation has been implemented and open-sourced to serve as a reference for comparisons. 
### 5.Demystifying Multi-Faceted Video Summarization: Tradeoff Between Diversity,Representation, Coverage and Importance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01153.pdf)
>  This paper addresses automatic summarization of videos in a unified manner. In particular, we propose a framework for multi-faceted summarization for extractive, query base and entity summarization (summarization at the level of entities like objects, scenes, humans and faces in the video). We investigate several summarization models which capture notions of diversity, coverage, representation and importance, and argue the utility of these different models depending on the application. While most of the prior work on submodular summarization approaches has focused oncombining several models and learning weighted mixtures, we focus on the explainability of different models and featurizations, and how they apply to different domains. We also provide implementation details on summarization systems and the different modalities involved. We hope that the study from this paper will give insights into practitioners to appropriately choose the right summarization models for the problems at hand. 
### 6.Learning From Less Data: A Unified Data Subset Selection and Active Learning Framework for Computer Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01151.pdf)
>  Supervised machine learning based state-of-the-art computer vision techniques are in general data hungry. Their data curation poses the challenges of expensive human labeling, inadequate computing resources and larger experiment turn around times. Training data subset selection and active learning techniques have been proposed as possible solutions to these challenges. A special class of subset selection functions naturally model notions of diversity, coverage and representation and can be used to eliminate redundancy thus lending themselves well for training data subset selection. They can also help improve the efficiency of active learning in further reducing human labeling efforts by selecting a subset of the examples obtained using the conventional uncertainty sampling based techniques. In this work, we empirically demonstrate the effectiveness of two diversity models, namely the Facility-Location and Dispersion models for training-data subset selection and reducing labeling effort. We demonstrate this across the board for a variety of computer vision tasks including Gender Recognition, Face Recognition, Scene Recognition, Object Detection and Object Recognition. Our results show that diversity based subset selection done in the right way can increase the accuracy by upto 5 - 10% over existing baselines, particularly in settings in which less training data is available. This allows the training of complex machine learning models like Convolutional Neural Networks with much less training data and labeling costs while incurring minimal performance loss. 
### 7.Intelligent Intersection: Two-Stream Convolutional Networks for Real-time Near Accident Detection in Traffic Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01138.pdf)
>  In Intelligent Transportation System, real-time systems that monitor and analyze road users become increasingly critical as we march toward the smart city era. Vision-based frameworks for Object Detection, Multiple Object Tracking, and Traffic Near Accident Detection are important applications of Intelligent Transportation System, particularly in video surveillance and etc. Although deep neural networks have recently achieved great success in many computer vision tasks, a uniformed framework for all the three tasks is still challenging where the challenges multiply from demand for real-time performance, complex urban setting, highly dynamic traffic event, and many traffic movements. In this paper, we propose a two-stream Convolutional Network architecture that performs real-time detection, tracking, and near accident detection of road users in traffic video data. The two-stream model consists of a spatial stream network for Object Detection and a temporal stream network to leverage motion features for Multiple Object Tracking. We detect near accidents by incorporating appearance features and motion features from two-stream networks. Using aerial videos, we propose a Traffic Near Accident Dataset (TNAD) covering various types of traffic interactions that is suitable for vision-based traffic analysis tasks. Our experiments demonstrate the advantage of our framework with an overall competitive qualitative and quantitative performance at high frame rates on the TNAD dataset. 
### 8.Coverage and Quality Driven Training of Generative Image Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01091.pdf)
>  Generative modeling of natural images has been extensively studied in recent years, yielding remarkable progress. Current state-of-the-art methods are either based on maximum likelihood estimation or adversarial training. Both methods have their own drawbacks, which are complementary in nature. The first leads to over-generalization as the maximum likelihood criterion encourages models to cover the support of the training data by heavily penalizing small masses assigned to training data. Simplifying assumptions in such models limits their capacity and makes them spill mass on unrealistic samples. The second leads to mode-dropping since adversarial training encourages high quality samples from the model, but only indirectly enforces diversity among the samples. To overcome these drawbacks we make two contributions. First, we propose a novel extension to the variational autoencoders model by using deterministic invertible transformation layers to map samples from the decoder to the image space. This induces correlations among the pixels given the latent variables, improving over commonly used factorial decoders. Second, we propose a training approach that leverages coverage and quality based criteria. Our models obtain likelihood scores competitive with state-of-the-art likelihood-based models, while achieving sample quality typical of adversarially trained networks. 
### 9.Relative Geometry-Aware Siamese Neural Network for 6DOF Camera Relocalization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01049.pdf)
>  6DOF camera relocalization is an important component of autonomous driving and navigation. Deep learning has recently emerged as a promising technique to tackle this problem. In this paper, we present a novel relative geometry-aware Siamese neural network to enhance the performance of deep learning-based methods through explicitly exploiting the relative geometry constraints between images. We perform multi-task learning and predict the absolute and relative poses simultaneously. We regularize the shared-weight twin networks in both the pose and feature domains to ensure that the estimated poses are globally as well as locally correct. We employ metric learning and design a novel adaptive metric distance loss to learn a feature that is capable of distinguishing poses of visually similar images from different locations. We evaluate the proposed method on public indoor and outdoor benchmarks and the experimental results demonstrate that our method can significantly improve localization performance. Furthermore, extensive ablation evaluations are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of different terms of the loss function. 
### 10.Instance Segmentation of Fibers from Low Resolution CT Scans via 3D Deep Embedding Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01034.pdf)
>  We propose a novel approach for automatic extraction (instance segmentation) of fibers from low resolution 3D X-ray computed tomography scans of short glass fiber reinforced polymers. We have designed a 3D instance segmentation architecture built upon a deep fully convolutional network for semantic segmentation with an extra output for embedding learning. We show that the embedding learning is capable of learning a mapping of voxels to an embedded space in which a standard clustering algorithm can be used to distinguish between different instances of an object in a volume. In addition, we discuss a merging post-processing method which makes it possible to process volumes of any size. The proposed 3D instance segmentation network together with our merging algorithm is the first known to authors knowledge procedure that produces results good enough, that they can be used for further analysis of low resolution fiber composites CT scans. 
### 11.Iris Recognition with Image Segmentation Employing Retrained Off-the-Shelf Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01028.pdf)
>  This paper offers three new, open-source, deep learning-based iris segmentation methods, and the methodology how to use irregular segmentation masks in a conventional Gabor-wavelet-based iris recognition. To train and validate the methods, we used a wide spectrum of iris images acquired by different teams and different sensors and offered publicly, including data taken from CASIA-Iris-Interval-v4, BioSec, ND-Iris-0405, UBIRIS, Warsaw-BioBase-Post-Mortem-Iris v2.0 (post-mortem iris images), and ND-TWINS-2009-2010 (iris images acquired from identical twins). This varied training data should increase the generalization capabilities of the proposed segmentation techniques. In database-disjoint training and testing, we show that deep learning-based segmentation outperforms the conventional (OSIRIS) segmentation in terms of Intersection over Union calculated between the obtained results and manually annotated ground-truth. Interestingly, the Gabor-based iris matching is not always better when deep learning-based segmentation is used, and is on par with the method employing Daugman&#39;s based segmentation. 
### 12.Transformed $\ell_1$ Regularization for Learning Sparse Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01021.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved extraordinary success in numerous areas. However, to attain this success, DNNs often carry a large number of weight parameters, leading to heavy costs of memory and computation resources. Overfitting is also likely to happen in such network when the training data are insufficient. These shortcomings severely hinder the application of DNNs in resource-constrained platforms. In fact, many network weights are known to be redundant and can be removed from the network without much loss of performance. To this end, we introduce a new non-convex integrated transformed $\ell_1$ regularizer to promote sparsity for DNNs, which removes both redundant connections and unnecessary neurons simultaneously. To be specific, we apply the transformed $\ell_1$ to the matrix space of network weights and utilize it to remove redundant connections. Besides, group sparsity is also employed as an auxiliary to remove unnecessary neurons. An efficient stochastic proximal gradient algorithm is presented to solve the new model at the same time. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to utilize a non-convex regularizer in sparse optimization based method to promote sparsity for DNNs. Experiments on several public datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 13.Vehicle Re-Identification: an Efficient Baseline Using Triplet Embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01015.pdf)
>  In this paper we tackle the problem of vehicle re-identification in a camera network utilizing triplet embeddings. Re-identification is the problem of matching appearances of objects across different cameras. With the proliferation of surveillance cameras enabling smart and safer cities, there is an ever-increasing need to re-identify vehicles across cameras. Typical challenges arising in smart city scenarios include variations of viewpoints, illumination and self occlusions. Most successful approaches for re-identification involve (deep) learning an embedding space such that the vehicles of same identities are projected close to one another than the vehicles representing different identities Popular loss functions for learning an embedding space are contrastive or triplet loss. In this paper we provide an exhaustive evaluation of these losses applied to vehicle re-identification and demonstrate that using the best practices for learning embeddings outperform most of the previous approaches proposed in the literature. Compared to the existing state-of-the-art approaches in vehicle re-identification, our approach is simpler in terms of both training and inference while maintaining comparable (and in most cases, better) accuracy and retrieval results. Furthermore we introduce a formal evaluation of a triplet sampling variant into re-identification literature 
### 14.Unsupervised Learning of Depth and Ego-Motion from Panoramic Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00979.pdf)
>  We introduce a convolutional neural network model for unsupervised learning of depth and ego-motion from cylindrical panoramic video. Panoramic depth estimation is an important technology for applications such as autonomous robotic navigation, virtual reality, and 3D modeling. In contrast to previous approaches for applying convolutional neural networks to panoramic imagery, we use the cylindrical panoramic projection which allows for the use of the traditional CNN layers such as convolutional filters and max pooling without modification. Our evaluation on synthetic and real data shows that unsupervised learning of depth and ego-motion on panoramic images increases depth prediction accuracy in comparison to training on perspective images which have a narrower field-of-view. 
### 15.Contrastive Adaptation Network for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00976.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) makes predictions for the target domain data while manual annotations are only available in the source domain. Previous methods minimize the domain discrepancy neglecting the class information, which may lead to misalignment and poor generalization performance. To address this issue, this paper proposes Contrastive Adaptation Network (CAN) optimizing a new metric which explicitly models the intra-class domain discrepancy and the inter-class domain discrepancy. We design an alternating update strategy for training CAN in an end-to-end manner. Experiments on two real-world benchmarks Office-31 and VisDA-2017 demonstrate that CAN performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods and produces more discriminative features. We will release the code soon. 
### 16.Local Area Transform for Cross-Modality Correspondence Matching and Deep Scene Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00927.pdf)
>  Establishing correspondences is a fundamental task in variety of image processing and computer vision applications. In particular, finding the correspondences between a non-linearly deformed image pair induced by different modality conditions is a challenging problem. This paper describes a efficient but powerful image transform called local area transform (LAT) for modality-robust correspondence estimation. Specifically, LAT transforms an image from the intensity domain to the local area domain, which is invariant under nonlinear intensity deformations, especially radiometric, photometric, and spectral deformations. In addition, robust feature descriptors are reformulated with LAT for several practical applications. Furthermore, LAT-convolution layer and Aception block are proposed and, with these novel components, deep neural network called LAT-Net is proposed especially for scene recognition task. Experimental results show that LATransformed images provide a consistency for nonlinearly deformed images, even under random intensity deformations. LAT reduces the mean absolute difference as compared to conventional methods. Furthermore, the reformulation of descriptors with LAT shows superiority to conventional methods, which is a promising result for the tasks of cross-spectral and modality correspondence matching. the local area can be considered as an alternative domain to the intensity domain to achieve robust correspondence matching, image recognition, and a lot of applications: such as feature matching, stereo matching, dense correspondence matching, image recognition, and image retrieval. 
### 17.I Can See Clearly Now : Image Restoration via De-Raining  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00893.pdf)
>  We present a method for improving segmentation tasks on images affected by adherent rain drops and streaks. We introduce a novel stereo dataset recorded using a system that allows one lens to be affected by real water droplets while keeping the other lens clear. We train a denoising generator using this dataset and show that it is effective at removing the effect of real water droplets, in the context of image reconstruction and road marking segmentation. To further test our de-noising approach, we describe a method of adding computer-generated adherent water droplets and streaks to any images, and use this technique as a proxy to demonstrate the effectiveness of our model in the context of general semantic segmentation. We benchmark our results using the CamVid road marking segmentation dataset, Cityscapes semantic segmentation datasets and our own real-rain dataset, and show significant improvement on all tasks. 
### 18.Polarimetric Thermal to Visible Face Verification via Attribute Preserved Synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00889.pdf)
>  Thermal to visible face verification is a challenging problem due to the large domain discrepancy between the modalities. Existing approaches either attempt to synthesize visible faces from thermal faces or extract robust features from these modalities for cross-modal matching. In this paper, we take a different approach in which we make use of the attributes extracted from the visible image to synthesize the attribute-preserved visible image from the input thermal image for cross-modal matching. A pre-trained VGG-Face network is used to extract the attributes from the visible image. Then, a novel Attribute Preserved Generative Adversarial Network (AP-GAN) is proposed to synthesize the visible image from the thermal image guided by the extracted attributes. Finally, a deep network is used to extract features from the synthesized image and the input visible image for verification. Extensive experiments on the ARL Polarimetric face dataset show that the proposed method achieves significant improvements over the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 19.POINTCLEANNET: Learning to Denoise and Remove Outliers from Dense Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.01060.pdf)
>  Point clouds obtained with 3D scanners or by image-based reconstruction techniques are often corrupted with significant amount of noise and outliers. Traditional methods for point cloud denoising largely rely on local surface fitting (e.g., jets or MLS surfaces), local or non-local averaging, or on statistical assumptions about the underlying noise model. In contrast, we develop a simple data-driven method for removing outliers and reducing noise in unordered point clouds. We base our approach on a deep learning architecture adapted from PCPNet, which was recently proposed for estimating local 3D shape properties in point clouds. Our method classifies and discards outlier samples, and estimates correction vectors that project noisy points onto the original clean surfaces. The approach is efficient and robust to varying amounts of noise and outliers, while being able to handle large densely-sampled point clouds. In our extensive evaluation, we show an increased robustness to strong noise levels compared to various state-of-the-art methods, enabling high-quality surface reconstruction from extremely noisy real data obtained by range scans. Finally, the simplicity and universality of our approach makes it very easy to integrate in any existing geometry processing pipeline. 
### 20.Imminent Collision Mitigation with Reinforcement Learning and Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00898.pdf)
>  This work examines the role of reinforcement learning in reducing the severity of on-road collisions by controlling velocity and steering in situations in which contact is imminent. We construct a model, given camera images as input, that is capable of learning and predicting the dynamics of obstacles, cars and pedestrians, and train our policy using this model. Two policies that control both braking and steering are compared against a baseline where the only action taken is (conventional) braking in a straight line. The two policies are trained using two distinct reward structures, one where any and all collisions incur a fixed penalty, and a second one where the penalty is calculated based on already established delta-v models of injury severity. The results show that both policies exceed the performance of the baseline, with the policy trained using injury models having the highest performance. 
### 21.Mapping Informal Settlements in Developing Countries using Machine Learning and Low Resolution Multi-spectral Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.00861.pdf)
>  Informal settlements are home to the most socially and economically vulnerable people on the planet. In order to deliver effective economic and social aid, non-government organizations (NGOs), such as the United Nations Children&#39;s Fund (UNICEF), require detailed maps of the locations of informal settlements. However, data regarding informal and formal settlements is primarily unavailable and if available is often incomplete. This is due, in part, to the cost and complexity of gathering data on a large scale. An additional complication is that the definition of an informal settlement is also very broad, which makes it a non-trivial task to collect data. This also makes it challenging to teach a machine what to look for. Due to these challenges we provide three contributions in this work. 1) A brand new machine learning data-set, purposely developed for informal settlement detection that contains a series of low and very-high resolution imagery, with accompanying ground truth annotations marking the locations of known informal settlements. 2) We demonstrate that it is possible to detect informal settlements using freely available low-resolution (LR) data, in contrast to previous studies that use very-high resolution (VHR) satellite and aerial imagery, which is typically cost-prohibitive for NGOs. 3) We demonstrate two effective classification schemes on our curated data set, one that is cost-efficient for NGOs and another that is cost-prohibitive for NGOs, but has additional utility. We integrate these schemes into a semi-automated pipeline that converts either a LR or VHR satellite image into a binary map that encodes the locations of informal settlements. We evaluate and compare our methods. 
### 22.Car Detection using Unmanned Aerial Vehicles: Comparison between Faster R-CNN and YOLOv3  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.10968.pdf)
>  Unmanned Aerial Vehicles are increasingly being used in surveillance and traffic monitoring thanks to their high mobility and ability to cover areas at different altitudes and locations. One of the major challenges is to use aerial images to accurately detect cars and count them in real-time for traffic monitoring purposes. Several deep learning techniques were recently proposed based on convolution neural network (CNN) for real-time classification and recognition in computer vision. However, their performance depends on the scenarios where they are used. In this paper, we investigate the performance of two state-of-the-art CNN algorithms, namely Faster R-CNN and YOLOv3, in the context of car detection from aerial images. We trained and tested these two models on a large car dataset taken from UAVs. We demonstrated in this paper that YOLOv3 outperforms Faster R-CNN in sensitivity and processing time, although they are comparable in the precision metric. 
