# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 21 Jan 2019
### 1.ULDor: A Universal Lesion Detector for CT Scans with Pseudo Masks and Hard Negative Example Mining  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06359.pdf)
>  Automatic lesion detection from computed tomography (CT) scans is an important task in medical imaging analysis. It is still very challenging due to similar appearances (e.g. intensity and texture) between lesions and other tissues, making it especially difficult to develop a universal lesion detector. Instead of developing a specific-type lesion detector, this work builds a Universal Lesion Detector (ULDor) based on Mask R-CNN, which is able to detect all different kinds of lesions from whole body parts. As a state-of-the-art object detector, Mask R-CNN adds a branch for predicting segmentation masks on each Region of Interest (RoI) to improve the detection performance. However, it is almost impossible to manually annotate a large-scale dataset with pixel-level lesion masks to train the Mask R-CNN for lesion detection. To address this problem, this work constructs a pseudo mask for each lesion region that can be considered as a surrogate of the real mask, based on which the Mask R-CNN is employed for lesion detection. On the other hand, this work proposes a hard negative example mining strategy to reduce the false positives for improving the detection performance. Experimental results on the NIH DeepLesion dataset demonstrate that the ULDor is enhanced using pseudo masks and the proposed hard negative example mining strategy and achieves a sensitivity of 86.21% with five false positives per image. 
### 2.Embedded CNN based vehicle classification and counting in non-laned road traffic  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06358.pdf)
>  Classifying and counting vehicles in road traffic has numerous applications in the transportation engineering domain. However, the wide variety of vehicles (two-wheelers, three-wheelers, cars, buses, trucks etc.) plying on roads of developing regions without any lane discipline, makes vehicle classification and counting a hard problem to automate. In this paper, we use state of the art Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based object detection models and train them for multiple vehicle classes using data from Delhi roads. We get upto 75% MAP on an 80-20 train-test split using 5562 video frames from four different locations. As robust network connectivity is scarce in developing regions for continuous video transmissions from the road to cloud servers, we also evaluate the latency, energy and hardware cost of embedded implementations of our CNN model based inferences. 
### 3.Adapting Convolutional Neural Networks for Geographical Domain Shift  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06345.pdf)
>  We present the winning solution for the Inclusive Images Competition organized as part of the Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS 2018) Competition Track. The competition was organized to study ways to cope with domain shift in image processing, specifically geographical shift: the training and two test sets in the competition had different geographical distributions. Our solution has proven to be relatively straightforward and simple: it is an ensemble of several CNNs where only the last layer is fine-tuned with the help of a small labeled set of tuning labels made available by the organizers. We believe that while domain shift remains a formidable problem, our approach opens up new possibilities for alleviating this problem in practice, where small labeled datasets from the target domain are usually either available or can be obtained and labeled cheaply. 
### 4.Feature Pyramid and Hierarchical Boosting Network for Pavement Crack Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06340.pdf)
>  Pavement crack detection is a critical task for insuring road safety. Manual crack detection is extremely time-consuming. Therefore, an automatic road crack detection method is required to boost this progress. However, it remains a challenging task due to the intensity inhomogeneity of cracks and complexity of the background, e.g., the low contrast with surrounding pavements and possible shadows with similar intensity. Inspired by recent advances of deep learning in computer vision, we propose a novel network architecture, named Feature Pyramid and Hierarchical Boosting Network (FPHBN), for pavement crack detection. The proposed network integrates semantic information to low-level features for crack detection in a feature pyramid way. And, it balances the contribution of both easy and hard samples to loss by nested sample reweighting in a hierarchical way. To demonstrate the superiority and generality of the proposed method, we evaluate the proposed method on five crack datasets and compare it with state-of-the-art crack detection, edge detection, semantic segmentation methods. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method outperforms these state-of-the-art methods in terms of accuracy and generality. 
### 5.Learning Spatial Pyramid Attentive Pooling in Image Synthesis and Image-to-Image Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06322.pdf)
>  Image synthesis and image-to-image translation are two important generative learning tasks. Remarkable progress has been made by learning Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)~\cite{goodfellow2014generative} and cycle-consistent GANs (CycleGANs)~\cite{zhu2017unpaired} respectively. This paper presents a method of learning Spatial Pyramid Attentive Pooling (SPAP) which is a novel architectural unit and can be easily integrated into both generators and discriminators in GANs and CycleGANs. The proposed SPAP integrates Atrous spatial pyramid~\cite{chen2018deeplab}, a proposed cascade attention mechanism and residual connections~\cite{he2016deep}. It leverages the advantages of the three components to facilitate effective end-to-end generative learning: (i) the capability of fusing multi-scale information by ASPP; (ii) the capability of capturing relative importance between both spatial locations (especially multi-scale context) or feature channels by attention; (iii) the capability of preserving information and enhancing optimization feasibility by residual connections. Coarse-to-fine and fine-to-coarse SPAP are studied and intriguing attention maps are observed in both tasks. In experiments, the proposed SPAP is tested in GANs on the Celeba-HQ-128 dataset~\cite{karras2017progressive}, and tested in CycleGANs on the Image-to-Image translation datasets including the Cityscape dataset~\cite{cordts2016cityscapes}, Facade and Aerial Maps dataset~\cite{zhu2017unpaired}, both obtaining better performance. 
### 6.Red blood cell image generation for data augmentation using Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06219.pdf)
>  In this paper, we describe how to apply image-to-image translation techniques to medical blood smear data to generate new data samples and meaningfully increase small datasets. Specifically, given the segmentation mask of the microscopy image, we are able to generate photorealistic images of blood cells which are further used alongside real data during the network training for segmentation and object detection tasks. This image data generation approach is based on conditional generative adversarial networks which have proven capabilities to high-quality image synthesis. In addition to synthesizing blood images, we synthesize segmentation mask as well which leads to a diverse variety of generated samples. The effectiveness of the technique is thoroughly analyzed and quantified through a number of experiments on a manually collected and annotated dataset of blood smear taken under a microscope. 
### 7.Generative Adversarial Classifier for Handwriting Characters Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06199.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) receive great attentions recently due to its excellent performance in image generation, transformation, and super-resolution. However, GAN has rarely been studied and trained for classification, leading that the generated images may not be appropriate for classification. In this paper, we propose a novel Generative Adversarial Classifier (GAC) particularly for low-resolution Handwriting Character Recognition. Specifically, involving additionally a classifier in the training process of normal GANs, GAC is calibrated for learning suitable structures and restored characters images that benefits the classification. Experimental results show that our proposed method can achieve remarkable performance in handwriting characters 8x super-resolution, approximately 10% and 20% higher than the present state-of-the-art methods respectively on benchmark data CASIA-HWDB1.1 and MNIST. 
### 8.Backbone Can Not be Trained at Once: Rolling Back to Pre-trained Network for Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06140.pdf)
>  In person re-identification (ReID) task, because of its shortage of trainable dataset, it is common to utilize fine-tuning method using a classification network pre-trained on a large dataset. However, it is relatively difficult to sufficiently fine-tune the low-level layers of the network due to the gradient vanishing problem. In this work, we propose a novel fine-tuning strategy that allows low-level layers to be sufficiently trained by rolling back the weights of high-level layers to their initial pre-trained weights. Our strategy alleviates the problem of gradient vanishing in low-level layers and robustly trains the low-level layers to fit the ReID dataset, thereby increasing the performance of ReID tasks. The improved performance of the proposed strategy is validated via several experiments. Furthermore, without any add-ons such as pose estimation or segmentation, our strategy exhibits state-of-the-art performance using only vanilla deep convolutional neural network architecture. 
### 9.Multi-Object Tracking with Multiple Cues and Switcher-Aware Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06129.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a unified Multi-Object Tracking (MOT) framework learning to make full use of long term and short term cues for handling complex cases in MOT scenes. Besides, for better association, we propose switcher-aware classification (SAC), which takes the potential identity-switch causer (switcher) into consideration. Specifically, the proposed framework includes a Single Object Tracking (SOT) sub-net to capture short term cues, a re-identification (ReID) sub-net to extract long term cues and a switcher-aware classifier to make matching decisions using extracted features from the main target and the switcher. Short term cues help to find false negatives, while long term cues avoid critical mistakes when occlusion happens, and the SAC learns to combine multiple cues in an effective way and improves robustness. The method is evaluated on the challenging MOT benchmarks and achieves the state-of-the-art results. 
### 10.Fast High-Dimensional Kernel Filtering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06112.pdf)
>  The bilateral and nonlocal means filters are instances of kernel-based filters that are popularly used in image processing. It was recently shown that fast and accurate bilateral filtering of grayscale images can be performed using a low-rank approximation of the kernel matrix. More specifically, based on the eigendecomposition of the kernel matrix, the overall filtering was approximated using spatial convolutions, for which efficient algorithms are available. Unfortunately, this technique cannot be scaled to high-dimensional data such as color and hyperspectral images. This is simply because one needs to compute/store a large matrix and perform its eigendecomposition in this case. We show how this problem can be solved using the Nyström method, which is generally used for approximating the eigendecomposition of large matrices. The resulting algorithm can also be used for nonlocal means filtering. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposal for bilateral and nonlocal means filtering of color and hyperspectral images. In particular, our method is shown to be competitive with state-of-the-art fast algorithms, and moreover it comes with a theoretical guarantee on the approximation error. 
### 11.CRDN: Cascaded Residual Dense Networks for Dynamic MR Imaging with Edge-enhanced Loss Constraint  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06111.pdf)
>  Dynamic magnetic resonance (MR) imaging has generated great research interest, as it can provide both spatial and temporal information for clinical diagnosis. However, slow imaging speed or long scanning time is still one of the challenges for dynamic MR imaging. Most existing methods reconstruct Dynamic MR images from incomplete k-space data under the guidance of compressed sensing (CS) or low rank theory, which suffer from long iterative reconstruction time. Recently, deep learning has shown great potential in accelerating dynamic MR. Our previous work proposed a dynamic MR imaging method with both k-space and spatial prior knowledge integrated via multi-supervised network training. Nevertheless, there was still a certain degree of smooth in the reconstructed images at high acceleration factors. In this work, we propose cascaded residual dense networks for dynamic MR imaging with edge-enhance loss constraint, dubbed as CRDN. Specifically, the cascaded residual dense networks fully exploit the hierarchical features from all the convolutional layers with both local and global feature fusion. We further utilize the total variation (TV) loss function, which has the edge enhancement properties, for training the networks. 
### 12.Linearized ADMM and Fast Nonlocal Denoising for Efficient Plug-and-Play Restoration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06110.pdf)
>  In plug-and-play image restoration, the regularization is performed using powerful denoisers such as nonlocal means (NLM) or BM3D. This is done within the framework of alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM), where the regularization step is formally replaced by an off-the-shelf denoiser. Each plug-and-play iteration involves the inversion of the forward model followed by a denoising step. In this paper, we present a couple of ideas for improving the efficiency of the inversion and denoising steps. First, we propose to use linearized ADMM, which generally allows us to perform the inversion at a lower cost than standard ADMM. Moreover, we can easily incorporate hard constraints into the optimization framework as a result. Second, we develop a fast algorithm for doubly stochastic NLM, originally proposed by Sreehari et al. (IEEE TCI, 2016), which is about 80x faster than brute-force computation. This particular denoiser can be expressed as the proximal map of a convex regularizer and, as a consequence, we can guarantee convergence for linearized plug-and-play ADMM. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposals for super-resolution and single-photon imaging. 
### 13.DeepOtsu: Document Enhancement and Binarization using Iterative Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06081.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel iterative deep learning framework and apply it for document enhancement and binarization. Unlike the traditional methods which predict the binary label of each pixel on the input image, we train the neural network to learn the degradations in document images and produce the uniform images of the degraded input images, which allows the network to refine the output iteratively. Two different iterative methods have been studied in this paper: recurrent refinement (RR) which uses the same trained neural network in each iteration for document enhancement and stacked refinement (SR) which uses a stack of different neural networks for iterative output refinement. Given the learned uniform and enhanced image, the binarization map can be easy to obtain by a global or local threshold. The experimental results on several public benchmark data sets show that our proposed methods provide a new clean version of the degraded image which is suitable for visualization and promising results of binarization using the global Otsu&#39;s threshold based on the enhanced images learned iteratively by the neural network. 
### 14.Learning Mutually Local-global U-nets For High-resolution Retinal Lesion Segmentation in Fundus Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06047.pdf)
>  Diabetic retinopathy is the most important complication of diabetes. Early diagnosis of retinal lesions helps to avoid visual loss or blindness. Due to high-resolution and small-size lesion regions, applying existing methods, such as U-Nets, to perform segmentation on fundus photography is very challenging. Although downsampling the input images could simplify the problem, it loses detailed information. Conducting patch-level analysis helps reaching fine-scale segmentation yet usually leads to misunderstanding as the lack of context information. In this paper, we propose an efficient network that combines them together, not only being aware of local details but also taking fully use of the context perceptions. This is implemented by integrating the decoder parts of a global-level U-net and a patch-level one. The two streams are jointly optimized, ensuring that they are enhanced mutually. Experimental results demonstrate our new framework significantly outperforms existing patch-based and global-based methods, especially when the lesion regions are scattered and small-scaled. 
### 15.Good Similar Patches for Image Denoising  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06046.pdf)
>  Patch-based denoising algorithms like BM3D have achieved outstanding performance. An important idea for the success of these methods is to exploit the recurrence of similar patches in an input image to estimate the underlying image structures. However, in these algorithms, the similar patches used for denoising are obtained via Nearest Neighbour Search (NNS) and are sometimes not optimal. First, due to the existence of noise, NNS can select similar patches with similar noise patterns to the reference patch. Second, the unreliable noisy pixels in digital images can bring a bias to the patch searching process and result in a loss of color fidelity in the final denoising result. We observe that given a set of good similar patches, their distribution is not necessarily centered at the noisy reference patch and can be approximated by a Gaussian component. Based on this observation, we present a patch searching method that clusters similar patch candidates into patch groups using Gaussian Mixture Model-based clustering, and selects the patch group that contains the reference patch as the final patches for denoising. We also use an unreliable pixel estimation algorithm to pre-process the input noisy images to further improve the patch searching. Our experiments show that our approach can better capture the underlying patch structures and can consistently enable the state-of-the-art patch-based denoising algorithms, such as BM3D, LPCA and PLOW, to better denoise images by providing them with patches found by our approach while without modifying these algorithms. 
### 16.High-speed Video from Asynchronous Camera Array  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06034.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method for capturing high-speed video using an asynchronous camera array. Our method sequentially fires each sensor in a camera array with a small time offset and assembles captured frames into a high-speed video according to the time stamps. The resulting video, however, suffers from parallax jittering caused by the viewpoint difference among sensors in the camera array. To address this problem, we develop a dedicated novel view synthesis algorithm that transforms the video frames as if they were captured by a single reference sensor. Specifically, for any frame from a non-reference sensor, we find the two temporally neighboring frames captured by the reference sensor. Using these three frames, we render a new frame with the same time stamp as the non-reference frame but from the viewpoint of the reference sensor. Specifically, we segment these frames into super-pixels and then apply local content-preserving warping to warp them to form the new frame. We employ a multi-label Markov Random Field method to blend these warped frames. Our experiments show that our method can produce high-quality and high-speed video of a wide variety of scenes with large parallax, scene dynamics, and camera motion and outperforms several baseline and state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 17.A Survey of the Recent Architectures of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06032.pdf)
>  Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are a special type of Neural Networks, which have shown state-of-the-art results on various competitive benchmarks. The powerful learning ability of deep CNN is largely achieved with the use of multiple non-linear feature extraction stages that can automatically learn hierarchical representation from the data. Availability of a large amount of data and improvements in the hardware processing units have accelerated the research in CNNs and recently very interesting deep CNN architectures are reported. The recent race in deep CNN architectures for achieving high performance on the challenging benchmarks has shown that the innovative architectural ideas, as well as parameter optimization, can improve the CNN performance on various vision-related tasks. In this regard, different ideas in the CNN design have been explored such as use of different activation and loss functions, parameter optimization, regularization, and restructuring of processing units. However, the major improvement in representational capacity is achieved by the restructuring of the processing units. Especially, the idea of using a block as a structural unit instead of a layer is gaining substantial appreciation. This survey thus focuses on the intrinsic taxonomy present in the recently reported CNN architectures and consequently, classifies the recent innovations in CNN architectures into seven different categories. These seven categories are based on spatial exploitation, depth, multi-path, width, feature map exploitation, channel boosting and attention. Additionally, it covers the elementary understanding of the CNN components and sheds light on the current challenges and applications of CNNs. 
### 18.Scale-Aware Attention Network for Crowd Counting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06026.pdf)
>  In crowd counting datasets, people appear at different scales, depending on their distance to the camera. To address this issue, we propose a novel multi-branch scale-aware attention network that exploits the hierarchical structure of convolutional neural networks and generates, in a single forward pass, multi-scale density predictions from different layers of the architecture. To aggregate these maps into our final prediction, we present a new soft attention mechanism that learns a set of gating masks. Furthermore, we introduce a scale-aware loss function to regularize the training of different branches and guide them to specialize on a particular scale. As this new training requires ground-truth annotations for the size of each head, we also propose a simple, yet effective technique to estimate it automatically. Finally, we present an ablation study on each of these components and compare our approach against the literature on 4 crowd counting datasets: UCF-QNRF, ShanghaiTech A &amp; B and UCF_CC_50. Without bells and whistles, our approach achieves state-of-the-art on all these datasets. We observe a remarkable improvement on the UCF-QNRF (25%) and a significant one on the others (around 10%). 
### 19.FARSA: Fully Automated Roadway Safety Assessment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06013.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the task of road safety assessment. An emerging approach for conducting such assessments in the United States is through the US Road Assessment Program (usRAP), which rates roads from highest risk (1 star) to lowest (5 stars). Obtaining these ratings requires manual, fine-grained labeling of roadway features in street-level panoramas, a slow and costly process. We propose to automate this process using a deep convolutional neural network that directly estimates the star rating from a street-level panorama, requiring milliseconds per image at test time. Our network also estimates many other road-level attributes, including curvature, roadside hazards, and the type of median. To support this, we incorporate task-specific attention layers so the network can focus on the panorama regions that are most useful for a particular task. We evaluated our approach on a large dataset of real-world images from two US states. We found that incorporating additional tasks, and using a semi-supervised training approach, significantly reduced overfitting problems, allowed us to optimize more layers of the network, and resulted in higher accuracy. 
### 20.Instance-Level Microtubule Segmentation Using Recurrent Attention  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06006.pdf)
>  We propose a new deep learning algorithm for multiple microtubule (MT) segmentation in time-lapse images using the recurrent attention. Segmentation results from each pair of succeeding frames are being fed into a Hungarian algorithm to assign correspondences among MTs to generate a distinct path through the frames. Based on the obtained trajectories, we calculate MT velocities. Results of this work is expected to help biologists to characterize MT behaviors as well as their potential interactions. To validate our technique, we first use the statistics derived from the real time-lapse series of MT gliding assays to produce a large set of simulated data. We employ this dataset to train our network and optimize its hyperparameters. Then, we utilize the trained model to initialize the network while learning about the real data. Our experimental results show that the proposed algorithm improves the precision for MT instance velocity estimation to 71.3% from the baseline result (29.3%). We also demonstrate how the injection of temporal information into our network can reduce the false negative rates from 67.8% (baseline) down to 28.7% (proposed). 
### 21.PSACNN: Pulse Sequence Resilient Fast Whole Brain Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.05992.pdf)
>  With the advent of convolutional neural networks~(CNN), supervised learning methods are increasingly being used for whole brain segmentation. However, a large, manually annotated training dataset of labeled brain images required to train such supervised methods is frequently difficult to obtain or create. In addition, existing training datasets are generally acquired with a homogeneous magnetic resonance imaging~(MRI) acquisition protocol. CNNs trained on such datasets are unable to generalize on test data with different acquisition protocols. Modern neuroimaging studies and clinical trials are necessarily multi-center initiatives with a wide variety of acquisition protocols. Despite stringent protocol harmonization practices, it is very difficult to standardize the gamut of MRI imaging parameters across scanners, field strengths, receive coils etc., that affect image contrast. In this paper we propose a CNN-based segmentation algorithm that, in addition to being highly accurate and fast, is also resilient to variation in the input acquisition. Our approach relies on building approximate forward models of pulse sequences that produce a typical test image. For a given pulse sequence, we use its forward model to generate plausible, synthetic training examples that appear as if they were acquired in a scanner with that pulse sequence. Sampling over a wide variety of pulse sequences results in a wide variety of augmented training examples that help build an image contrast invariant model. Our method trains a single CNN that can segment input MRI images with acquisition parameters as disparate as $T_1$-weighted and $T_2$-weighted contrasts with only $T_1$-weighted training data. The segmentations generated are highly accurate with state-of-the-art results~(overall Dice overlap$=0.94$), with a fast run time~($\approx$ 45 seconds), and consistent across a wide range of acquisition protocols. 
### 22.Robust Anomaly Detection in Images using Adversarial Autoencoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06355.pdf)
>  Reliably detecting anomalies in a given set of images is a task of high practical relevance for visual quality inspection, surveillance, or medical image analysis. Autoencoder neural networks learn to reconstruct normal images, and hence can classify those images as anomalies, where the reconstruction error exceeds some threshold. Here we analyze a fundamental problem of this approach when the training set is contaminated with a small fraction of outliers. We find that continued training of autoencoders inevitably reduces the reconstruction error of outliers, and hence degrades the anomaly detection performance. In order to counteract this effect, an adversarial autoencoder architecture is adapted, which imposes a prior distribution on the latent representation, typically placing anomalies into low likelihood-regions. Utilizing the likelihood model, potential anomalies can be identified and rejected already during training, which results in an anomaly detector that is significantly more robust to the presence of outliers during training. 
### 23.Physics-Constrained Deep Learning for High-dimensional Surrogate Modeling and Uncertainty Quantification without Labeled Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1901.06314.pdf)
>  Surrogate modeling and uncertainty quantification tasks for PDE systems are most often considered as supervised learning problems where input and output data pairs are used for training. The construction of such emulators is by definition a small data problem which poses challenges to deep learning approaches that have been developed to operate in the big data regime. Even in cases where such models have been shown to have good predictive capability in high dimensions, they fail to address constraints in the data implied by the PDE model. This paper provides a methodology that incorporates the governing equations of the physical model in the loss/likelihood functions. The resulting physics-constrained, deep learning models are trained without any labeled data (e.g. employing only input data) and provide comparable predictive responses with data-driven models while obeying the constraints of the problem at hand. This work employs a convolutional encoder-decoder neural network approach as well as a conditional flow-based generative model for the solution of PDEs, surrogate model construction, and uncertainty quantification tasks. The methodology is posed as a minimization problem of the reverse Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence between the model predictive density and the reference conditional density, where the later is defined as the Boltzmann-Gibbs distribution at a given inverse temperature with the underlying potential relating to the PDE system of interest. The generalization capability of these models to out-of-distribution input is considered. Quantification and interpretation of the predictive uncertainty is provided for a number of problems. 
