# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 22 Oct 2019
### 1.Cascaded Generation of High-quality Color Visible Face Images from Thermal Captures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09524.pdf)
>  Generating visible-like face images from thermal images is essential to perform manual and automatic cross-spectrum face recognition. We successfully propose a solution based on cascaded refinement network that, unlike previous works, produces high quality generated color images without the need for face alignment, large databases, data augmentation, polarimetric sensors, computationally-intense training, or unrealistic restriction on the generated resolution. The training of our solution is based on the contextual loss, making it inherently scale (face area) and rotation invariant. We present generated image samples of unknown individuals under different poses and occlusion conditions.We also prove the high similarity in image quality between ground-truth images and generated ones by comparing seven quality metrics. We compare our results with two state-of-the-art approaches proving the superiority of our proposed approach. 
### 2.S4NN: temporal backpropagation for spiking neural networks with one spike per neuron  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09495.pdf)
>  We propose a new supervised learning rule for multilayer spiking neural networks (SNN) that use a form of temporal coding known as rank-order-coding. With this coding scheme, all neurons fire exactly one spike per stimulus, but the firing order carries information. In particular, in the readout layer, the first neuron to fire determines the class of the stimulus. We derive a new learning rule for this sort of network, termed S4NN, akin to traditional error backpropagation, yet based on latencies. We show how approximate error gradients can be computed backward in a feedforward network with an arbitrary number of layers. This approach reaches state-of-the-art performance with SNNs: test accuracy of 97.4% for the MNIST dataset, and of 99.2% for the Caltech Face/Motorbike dataset. Yet the neuron model we use, non-leaky integrate-and-fire, are simpler and more hardware friendly than the one used in all previous similar proposals. 
### 3.Object landmark discovery through unsupervised adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09469.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method to ease the unsupervised learning of object landmark detectors. Similarly to previous methods, our approach is fully unsupervised in a sense that it does not require or make any use of annotated landmarks for the target object category. Contrary to previous works, we do however assume that a landmark detector, which has already learned a structured representation for a given object category in a fully supervised manner, is available. Under this setting, our main idea boils down to adapting the given pre-trained network to the target object categories in a fully unsupervised manner. To this end, our method uses the pre-trained network as a core which remains frozen and does not get updated during training, and learns, in an unsupervised manner, only a projection matrix to perform the adaptation to the target categories. By building upon an existing structured representation learned in a supervised manner, the optimization problem solved by our method is much more constrained with significantly less parameters to learn which seems to be important for the case of unsupervised learning. We show that our method surpasses fully unsupervised techniques trained from scratch as well as a strong baseline based on fine-tuning, and produces state-of-the-art results on several datasets. Code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ESanchezLozano/SAIC-Unsupervised-landmark-detection-NeurIPS2019" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 4.Improving Vehicle Re-Identification using CNN Latent Spaces: Metrics Comparison and Track-to-track Extension  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09458.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of vehicle re-identification using distance comparison of images in CNN latent spaces. First, we study the impact of the distance metrics, comparing performances obtained with different metrics: the minimal Euclidean distance (MED), the minimal cosine distance (MCD), and the residue of the sparse coding reconstruction (RSCR). These metrics are applied using features extracted through five different CNN architectures, namely ResNet18, AlexNet, VGG16, InceptionV3 and DenseNet201. We use the specific vehicle re-identification dataset VeRI to fine-tune these CNNs and evaluate results. <br>In overall, independently from the CNN used, MCD outperforms MED, commonly used in the literature. Secondly, the state-of-the-art image-to-track process (I2TP) is extended to a track-to-track process (T2TP) without using complementary metadata. Metrics are extended to measure distance between tracks, enabling the evaluation of T2TP and comparison with I2TP using the same CNN models. Results show that T2TP outperforms I2TP for MCD and RSCR. T2TP combining DenseNet201 and MCD-based metrics exhibits the best performances, outperforming the state-of-the-art I2TP models that use complementary metadata. <br>Finally, our experiments highlight two main results: i) the importance of the metric choice for vehicle re-identification, and ii) T2TP improves the performances compared to I2TP, especially when coupled with MCD-based metrics. 
### 5.Depth-wise Decomposition for Accelerating Separable Convolutions in Efficient Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09455.pdf)
>  Very deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been firmly established as the primary methods for many computer vision tasks. However, most state-of-the-art CNNs are large, which results in high inference latency. Recently, depth-wise separable convolution has been proposed for image recognition tasks on computationally limited platforms such as robotics and self-driving cars. Though it is much faster than its counterpart, regular convolution, accuracy is sacrificed. In this paper, we propose a novel decomposition approach based on SVD, namely depth-wise decomposition, for expanding regular convolutions into depthwise separable convolutions while maintaining high accuracy. We show our approach can be further generalized to the multi-channel and multi-layer cases, based on Generalized Singular Value Decomposition (GSVD) [59]. We conduct thorough experiments with the latest ShuffleNet V2 model [47] on both random synthesized dataset and a large-scale image recognition dataset: ImageNet [10]. Our approach outperforms channel decomposition [73] on all datasets. More importantly, our approach improves the Top-1 accuracy of ShuffleNet V2 by ~2%. 
### 6.Tree-gated Deep Mixture-of-Experts For Pose-robust Face Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09450.pdf)
>  Face alignment consists of aligning a shape model on a face image. It is an active domain in computer vision as it is a preprocessing for a number of face analysis and synthesis applications. Current state-of-the-art methods already perform well on "easy" datasets, with moderate head pose variations, but may not be robust for "in-the-wild" data with poses up to 90°. In order to increase robustness to an ensemble of factors of variations (e.g. head pose or occlusions), a given layer (e.g. a regressor or an upstream CNN layer) can be replaced by a Mixture of Experts (MoE) layer that uses an ensemble of experts instead of a single one. The weights of this mixture can be learned as gating functions to jointly learn the experts and the corresponding weights. In this paper, we propose to use tree-structured gates which allows a hierarchical weighting of the experts (Tree-MoE). We investigate the use of Tree-MoE layers in different contexts in the frame of face alignment with cascaded regression, firstly for emphasizing relevant, more specialized feature extractors depending of a high-level semantic information such as head pose (Pose-Tree-MoE), and secondly as an overall more robust regression layer. We perform extensive experiments on several challenging face alignment datasets, demonstrating that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 7.Improving Style Transfer with Calibrated Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09447.pdf)
>  Style transfer methods produce a transferred image which is a rendering of a content image in the manner of a style image. We seek to understand how to improve style transfer. <br>To do so requires quantitative evaluation procedures, but the current evaluation is qualitative, mostly involving user studies. We describe a novel quantitative evaluation procedure. Our procedure relies on two statistics: the Effectiveness (E) statistic measures the extent that a given style has been transferred to the target, and the Coherence (C) statistic measures the extent to which the original image's content is preserved. Our statistics are calibrated to human preference: targets with larger values of E (resp C) will reliably be preferred by human subjects in comparisons of style (resp. content). <br>We use these statistics to investigate the relative performance of a number of Neural Style Transfer(NST) methods, revealing several intriguing properties. Admissible methods lie on a Pareto frontier (i.e. improving E reduces C or vice versa). Three methods are admissible: Universal style transfer produces very good C but weak E; modifying the optimization used for Gatys' loss produces a method with strong E and strong C; and a modified cross-layer method has slightly better E at strong cost in C. While the histogram loss improves the E statistics of Gatys' method, it does not make the method admissible. Surprisingly, style weights have relatively little effect in improving EC scores, and most variability in the transfer is explained by the style itself (meaning experimenters can be misguided by selecting styles). 
### 8.KuroNet: Pre-Modern Japanese Kuzushiji Character Recognition with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09433.pdf)
>  Kuzushiji, a cursive writing style, had been used in Japan for over a thousand years starting from the 8th century. Over 3 millions books on a diverse array of topics, such as literature, science, mathematics and even cooking are preserved. However, following a change to the Japanese writing system in 1900, Kuzushiji has not been included in regular school curricula. Therefore, most Japanese natives nowadays cannot read books written or printed just 150 years ago. Museums and libraries have invested a great deal of effort into creating digital copies of these historical documents as a safeguard against fires, earthquakes and tsunamis. The result has been datasets with hundreds of millions of photographs of historical documents which can only be read by a small number of specially trained experts. Thus there has been a great deal of interest in using Machine Learning to automatically recognize these historical texts and transcribe them into modern Japanese characters. Nevertheless, several challenges in Kuzushiji recognition have made the performance of existing systems extremely poor. To tackle these challenges, we propose KuroNet, a new end-to-end model which jointly recognizes an entire page of text by using a residual U-Net architecture which predicts the location and identity of all characters given a page of text (without any pre-processing). This allows the model to handle long range context, large vocabularies, and non-standardized character layouts. We demonstrate that our system is able to successfully recognize a large fraction of pre-modern Japanese documents, but also explore areas where our system is limited and suggest directions for future work. 
### 9.Adversarial Skill Networks: Unsupervised Robot Skill Learning from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09430.pdf)
>  Key challenges for the deployment of reinforcement learning (RL) agents in the real world are the discovery, representation and reuse of skills in the absence of a reward function. To this end, we propose a novel approach to learn a task-agnostic skill embedding space from unlabeled multi-view videos. Our method learns a general skill embedding independently from the task context by using an adversarial loss. We combine a metric learning loss, which utilizes temporal video coherence to learn a state representation, with an entropy regularized adversarial skill-transfer loss. The metric learning loss learns a disentangled representation by attracting simultaneous viewpoints of the same observations and repelling visually similar frames from temporal neighbors. The adversarial skill-transfer loss enhances re-usability of learned skill embeddings over multiple task domains. We show that the learned embedding enables training of continuous control policies to solve novel tasks that require the interpolation of previously seen skills. Our extensive evaluation with both simulation and real world data demonstrates the effectiveness of our method in learning transferable skills from unlabeled interaction videos and composing them for new tasks. 
### 10.A Survey and Taxonomy of Adversarial Neural Networks for Text-to-Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09399.pdf)
>  Text-to-image synthesis refers to computational methods which translate human written textual descriptions, in the form of keywords or sentences, into images with similar semantic meaning to the text. In earlier research, image synthesis relied mainly on word to image correlation analysis combined with supervised methods to find best alignment of the visual content matching to the text. Recent progress in deep learning (DL) has brought a new set of unsupervised deep learning methods, particularly deep generative models which are able to generate realistic visual images using suitably trained neural network models. In this paper, we review the most recent development in the text-to-image synthesis research domain. Our survey first introduces image synthesis and its challenges, and then reviews key concepts such as generative adversarial networks (GANs) and deep convolutional encoder-decoder neural networks (DCNN). After that, we propose a taxonomy to summarize GAN based text-to-image synthesis into four major categories: Semantic Enhancement GANs, Resolution Enhancement GANs, Diversity Enhancement GANS, and Motion Enhancement GANs. We elaborate the main objective of each group, and further review typical GAN architectures in each group. The taxonomy and the review outline the techniques and the evolution of different approaches, and eventually provide a clear roadmap to summarize the list of contemporaneous solutions that utilize GANs and DCNNs to generate enthralling results in categories such as human faces, birds, flowers, room interiors, object reconstruction from edge maps (games) etc. The survey will conclude with a comparison of the proposed solutions, challenges that remain unresolved, and future developments in the text-to-image synthesis domain. 
### 11.Directed-Weighting Group Lasso for Eltwise Blocked CNN Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09318.pdf)
>  Eltwise layer is a commonly used structure in the multi-branch deep learning network. In a filter-wise pruning procedure, due to the specific operation of the eltwise layer, all its previous convolutional layers should vote for which filters by index should be pruned. Since only an intersection of the voted filters is pruned, the compression rate is limited. This work proposes a method called Directed-Weighting Group Lasso (DWGL), which enforces an index-wise incremental (directed) coefficient on the filterlevel group lasso items, so that the low index filters getting high activation tend to be kept while the high index ones tend to be pruned. When using DWGL, much fewer filters are retained during the voting process and the compression rate can be boosted. The paper test the proposed method on the ResNet series networks. On CIFAR-10, it achieved a 75.34% compression rate on ResNet-56 with a 0.94% error increment, and a 52.06% compression rate on ResNet-20 with a 0.72% error increment. On ImageNet, it achieved a 53% compression rate with ResNet-50 with a 0.6% error increment, speeding up the network by 2.23 times. Furthermore, it achieved a 75% compression rate on ResNet-50 with a 1.2% error increment, speeding up the network by 4 times. 
### 12.Batch Face Alignment using a Low-rank GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09244.pdf)
>  This paper studies the problem of aligning a set of face images of the same individual into a normalized image while removing the outliers like partial occlusion, extreme facial expression as well as significant illumination variation. Our model seeks an optimal image domain transformation such that the matrix of misaligned images can be decomposed as the sum of a sparse matrix of noise and a rank-one matrix of aligned images. The image transformation is learned in an unsupervised manner, which means that ground-truth aligned images are unnecessary for our model. Specifically, we make use of the remarkable non-linear transforming ability of generative adversarial network(GAN) and guide it with low-rank generation as well as sparse noise constraint to achieve the face alignment. We verify the efficacy of the proposed model with extensive experiments on real-world face databases, demonstrating higher accuracy and efficiency than existing methods. 
### 13.CNN based Extraction of Panels/Characters from Bengali Comic Book Page Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09233.pdf)
>  Peoples nowadays prefer to use digital gadgets like cameras or mobile phones for capturing documents. Automatic extraction of panels/characters from the images of a comic document is challenging due to the wide variety of drawing styles adopted by writers, beneficial for readers to read them on mobile devices at any time and useful for automatic digitization. Most of the methods for localization of panel/character rely on the connected component analysis or page background mask and are applicable only for a limited comic dataset. This work proposes a panel/character localization architecture based on the features of YOLO and CNN for extraction of both panels and characters from comic book images. The method achieved remarkable results on Bengali Comic Book Image dataset (BCBId) consisting of total $4130$ images, developed by us as well as on a variety of publicly available comic datasets in other languages, i.e. eBDtheque, Manga 109 and DCM dataset. 
### 14.Decoupling Representation and Classifier for Long-Tailed Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09217.pdf)
>  The long-tail distribution of the visual world poses great challenges for deep learning based classification models on how to handle the class imbalance problem. Existing solutions usually involve class-balancing strategies, e.g., by loss re-weighting, data re-sampling, or transfer learning from head- to tail-classes, but most of them adhere to the scheme of jointly learning representations and classifiers. In this work, we decouple the learning procedure into representation learning and classification, and systematically explore how different balancing strategies affect them for long-tailed recognition. The findings are surprising: (1) data imbalance might not be an issue in learning high-quality representations; (2) with representations learned with the simplest instance-balanced (natural) sampling, it is also possible to achieve strong long-tailed recognition ability at little cost by adjusting only the classifier. We conduct extensive experiments and set new state-of-the-art performance on common long-tailed benchmarks like ImageNet-LT, Places-LT and iNaturalist, showing that it is possible to outperform carefully designed losses, sampling strategies, even complex modules with memory, by using a straightforward approach that decouples representation and classification. 
### 15.Analysis and a Solution of Momentarily Missed Detection for Anchor-based Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09212.pdf)
>  The employment of convolutional neural networks has led to significant performance improvement on the task of object detection. However, when applying existing detectors to continuous frames in a video, we often encounter momentary miss-detection of objects, that is, objects are undetected exceptionally at a few frames, although they are correctly detected at all other frames. In this paper, we analyze the mechanism of how such miss-detection occurs. For the most popular class of detectors that are based on anchor boxes, we show the followings: i) besides apparent causes such as motion blur, occlusions, background clutters, etc., the majority of remaining miss-detection can be explained by an improper behavior of the detectors at boundaries of the anchor boxes; and ii) this can be rectified by improving the way of choosing positive samples from candidate anchor boxes when training the detectors. 
### 16.CSID: Center, Scale, Identity and Density-aware Pedestrian Detection in a Crowd  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09188.pdf)
>  Pedestrian detection in a crowd is very challenging due to vastly different scales and poor conditions. Pedestrian detectors are generally designed by extending generic object detectors, where Non-maximum suppression (NMS) is a standard but critical post-processing step for refining detection results. In this paper, we propose CSID: a Center, Scale, Identity-and-Density-aware pedestrian detector with a novel Identity-and-Density-aware NMS (ID-NMS) algorithm to refine the results of anchor-free pedestrian detection. Our main contributions in this work include (i) a novel Identity and Density Map (ID-Map) which converts each positive instance into a feature vector to encode both identity and density information simultaneously, (ii) a modified optimization target in defining ID-loss and addressing the extremely class imbalance issue during training, and (iii) a novel ID-NMS algorithm by considering both identity and density information of each predicted box provided by ID-Map to effectively refine the detection results. We evaluate the proposed CSID pedestrian detector using the novel ID-NMS technique and achieve new state-of-the-art results on two benchmark data sets (CityPersons and CrowdHuman) for pedestrian detection. 
### 17.Transferable Recognition-Aware Image Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09185.pdf)
>  Recent progress in image recognition has stimulated the deployment of vision systems (e.g. image search engines) at an unprecedented scale. As a result, visual data are now often consumed not only by humans but also by machines. Meanwhile, existing image processing methods only optimize for better human perception, whereas the resulting images may not be accurately recognized by machines. This can be undesirable, e.g., the images can be improperly handled by search engines or recommendation systems. In this work, we propose simple approaches to improve machine interpretability of processed images: optimizing the recognition loss directly on the image processing network or through an intermediate transforming model, a process which we show can also be done in an unsupervised manner. Interestingly, the processing model's ability to enhance the recognition performance can transfer when evaluated on different recognition models, even if they are of different architectures, trained on different object categories or even different recognition tasks. This makes the solutions applicable even when we do not have the knowledge about future downstream recognition models, e.g., if we are to upload the processed images to the Internet. We conduct comprehensive experiments on three image processing tasks with two downstream recognition tasks, and confirm our method brings substantial accuracy improvement on both the same recognition model and when transferring to a different one, with minimal or no loss in the image processing quality. 
### 18.Hadamard Codebook Based Deep Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09182.pdf)
>  As an approximate nearest neighbor search technique, hashing has been widely applied in large-scale image retrieval due to its excellent efficiency. Most supervised deep hashing methods have similar loss designs with embedding learning, while quantizing the continuous high-dim feature into compact binary space. We argue that the existing deep hashing schemes are defective in two issues that seriously affect the performance, i.e., bit independence and bit balance. The former refers to hash codes of different classes should be independent of each other, while the latter means each bit should have a balanced distribution of +1s and -1s. In this paper, we propose a novel supervised deep hashing method, termed Hadamard Codebook based Deep Hashing (HCDH), which solves the above two problems in a unified formulation. Specifically, we utilize an off-the-shelf algorithm to generate a binary Hadamard codebook to satisfy the requirement of bit independence and bit balance, which subsequently serves as the desired outputs of the hash functions learning. We also introduce a projection matrix to solve the inconsistency between the order of Hadamard matrix and the number of classes. Besides, the proposed HCDH further exploits the supervised labels by constructing a classifier on top of the outputs of hash functions. Extensive experiments demonstrate that HCDH can yield discriminative and balanced binary codes, which well outperforms many state-of-the-arts on three widely-used benchmarks. 
### 19.MeteorNet: Deep Learning on Dynamic 3D Point Cloud Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09165.pdf)
>  Understanding dynamic 3D environment is crucial for robotic agents and many other applications. We propose a novel neural network architecture called $MeteorNet$ for learning representations for dynamic 3D point cloud sequences. Different from previous work that adopts a grid-based representation and applies 3D or 4D convolutions, our network directly processes point clouds. We propose two ways to construct spatiotemporal neighborhoods for each point in the point cloud sequence. Information from these neighborhoods is aggregated to learn features per point. We benchmark our network on a variety of 3D recognition tasks including action recognition, semantic segmentation and scene flow estimation. MeteorNet shows stronger performance than previous grid-based methods while achieving state-of-the-art performance on Synthia. MeteorNet also outperforms previous baseline methods that are able to process at most two consecutive point clouds. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work on deep learning for dynamic raw point cloud sequences. 
### 20.DwNet: Dense warp-based network for pose-guided human video generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09139.pdf)
>  Generation of realistic high-resolution videos of human subjects is a challenging and important task in computer vision. In this paper, we focus on human motion transfer - generation of a video depicting a particular subject, observed in a single image, performing a series of motions exemplified by an auxiliary (driving) video. Our GAN-based architecture, DwNet, leverages dense intermediate pose-guided representation and refinement process to warp the required subject appearance, in the form of the texture, from a source image into a desired pose. Temporal consistency is maintained by further conditioning the decoding process within a GAN on the previously generated frame. In this way a video is generated in an iterative and recurrent fashion. We illustrate the efficacy of our approach by showing state-of-the-art quantitative and qualitative performance on two benchmark datasets: TaiChi and Fashion Modeling. The latter is collected by us and will be made publicly available to the community. 
### 21.Good, Better, Best: Textual Distractors Generation for Multi-Choice VQA via Policy Gradient  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09134.pdf)
>  Textual distractors in current multi-choice VQA datasets are not challenging enough for state-of-the-art neural models. To better assess whether well-trained VQA models are vulnerable to potential attack such as more challenging distractors, we introduce a novel task called \textit{textual Distractors Generation for VQA} (DG-VQA). The goal of DG-VQA is to generate the most confusing distractors in multi-choice VQA tasks represented as a tuple of image, question, and the correct answer. Consequently, such distractors expose the vulnerability of neural models. We show that distractor generation can be formulated as a Markov Decision Process, and present a reinforcement learning solution to unsupervised produce distractors. Our solution addresses the lack of large annotated corpus issue in classical distractor generation methods. Our proposed model receives reward signals from well-trained multi-choice VQA models and updates its parameters via policy gradient. The empirical results show that the generated textual distractors can successfully confuse several cutting-edge models with an average 20% accuracy drop from around 64%. Furthermore, we conduct extra adversarial training to improve the robustness of VQA models by incorporating the generated distractors. The experiment validates the effectiveness of adversarial training by showing a performance improvement of 27% for the multi-choice VQA task 
### 22.Self-supervised classification of dynamic obstacles using the temporal information provided by videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09094.pdf)
>  Nowadays, autonomous driving systems can detect, segment, and classify the surrounding obstacles using a monocular camera. However, state-of-the-art methods solving these tasks generally perform a fully supervised learning process and require a large amount of training labeled data. On another note, some self-supervised learning approaches can deal with detection and segmentation of dynamic obstacles using the temporal information available in video sequences. In this work, we propose in addition to classifiy the detected obstacles depending on their motion pattern. We present a novel self-supervised framework consisting of learning offline clusters from temporal patch sequences and using these clusters as pseudo labels to train a real-time image classifier. The presented model outperforms state-of-the-art unsupervised image classification methods on BDD100K dataset. 
### 23.Semantics for Global and Local Interpretation of Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09085.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) with high expressiveness have achieved state-of-the-art performance in many tasks. However, their distributed feature representations are difficult to interpret semantically. In this work, human-interpretable semantic concepts are associated with vectors in feature space. The association process is mathematically formulated as an optimization problem. The semantic vectors obtained from the optimal solution are applied to interpret deep neural networks globally and locally. The global interpretations are useful to understand the knowledge learned by DNNs. The interpretation of local behaviors can help to understand individual decisions made by DNNs better. The empirical experiments demonstrate how to use identified semantics to interpret the existing DNNs. 
### 24.Looking Ahead: Anticipating Pedestrians Crossing with Future Frames Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09077.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an end-to-end future-prediction model that focuses on pedestrian safety. Specifically, our model uses previous video frames, recorded from the perspective of the vehicle, to predict if a pedestrian will cross in front of the vehicle. The long term goal of this work is to design a fully autonomous system that acts and reacts as a defensive human driver would --- predicting future events and reacting to mitigate risk. We focus on pedestrian-vehicle interactions because of the high risk of harm to the pedestrian if their actions are miss-predicted. Our end-to-end model consists of two stages: the first stage is an encoder/decoder network that learns to predict future video frames. The second stage is a deep spatio-temporal network that utilizes the predicted frames of the first stage to predict the pedestrian's future action. Our system achieves state-of-the-art accuracy on pedestrian behavior prediction and future frames prediction on the Joint Attention for Autonomous Driving (JAAD) dataset. 
### 25.Structured Prediction Helps 3D Human Motion Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09070.pdf)
>  Human motion prediction is a challenging and important task in many computer vision application domains. Existing work only implicitly models the spatial structure of the human skeleton. In this paper, we propose a novel approach that decomposes the prediction into individual joints by means of a structured prediction layer that explicitly models the joint dependencies. This is implemented via a hierarchy of small-sized neural networks connected analogously to the kinematic chains in the human body as well as a joint-wise decomposition in the loss function. The proposed layer is agnostic to the underlying network and can be used with existing architectures for motion modelling. Prior work typically leverages the H3.6M dataset. We show that some state-of-the-art techniques do not perform well when trained and tested on AMASS, a recently released dataset 14 times the size of H3.6M. Our experiments indicate that the proposed layer increases the performance of motion forecasting irrespective of the base network, joint-angle representation, and prediction horizon. We furthermore show that the layer also improves motion predictions qualitatively. We make code and models publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ait.ethz.ch/projects/2019/spl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 26.Identity Document and banknote security forensics: a survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08993.pdf)
>  Counterfeiting and piracy are a form of theft that has been steadily growing in recent years. Banknotes and identity documents are two common objects of counterfeiting. Aiming to detect these counterfeits, the present survey covers a wide range of anti-counterfeiting security features, categorizing them into three components: security substrate, security inks and security printing. respectively. From the computer vision perspective, we present works in the literature covering these three categories. Other topics, such as history of counterfeiting, effects on society and document experts, counterfeiter types of attacks, trends among others are covered. Therefore, from non-experienced to professionals in security documents, can be introduced or deepen its knowledge in anti-counterfeiting measures. 
### 27.Sketch2Code: Transformation of Sketches to UI in Real-time Using Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08930.pdf)
>  User Interface (UI) prototyping is a necessary step in the early stages of application development. Transforming sketches of a Graphical User Interface (UI) into a coded UI application is an uninspired but time-consuming task performed by a UI designer. An automated system that can replace human efforts for straightforward implementation of UI designs will greatly speed up this procedure. The works that propose such a system primarily focus on using UI wireframes as input rather than hand-drawn sketches. In this paper, we put forward a novel approach wherein we employ a Deep Neural Network that is trained on our custom database of such sketches to detect UI elements in the input sketch. Detection of objects in sketches is a peculiar visual recognition task that requires a specific solution that our deep neural network model attempts to provide. The output from the network is a platform-independent UI representation object. The UI representation object is a dictionary of key-value pairs to represent the UI elements recognized along with their properties. This is further consumed by our UI parser which creates code for different platforms. The intrinsic platform-independence allows the model to create a UI prototype for multiple platforms with single training. This two-step approach without the need for two trained models improves over other methods giving time-efficient results (average time: 129 ms) with good accuracy. 
### 28.LinesToFacePhoto: Face Photo Generation from Lines with Conditional Self-Attention Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08914.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the task of generating photo-realistic face images from lines. Previous methods based on conditional generative adversarial networks (cGANs) have shown their power to generate visually plausible images when a conditional image and an output image share well-aligned structures. However, these models fail to synthesize face images with a whole set of well-defined structures, e.g. eyes, noses, mouths, etc., especially when the conditional line map lacks one or several parts. To address this problem, we propose a conditional self-attention generative adversarial network (CSAGAN). We introduce a conditional self-attention mechanism to cGANs to capture long-range dependencies between different regions in faces. We also build a multi-scale discriminator. The large-scale discriminator enforces the completeness of global structures and the small-scale discriminator encourages fine details, thereby enhancing the realism of generated face images. We evaluate the proposed model on the CelebA-HD dataset by two perceptual user studies and three quantitative metrics. The experiment results demonstrate that our method generates high-quality facial images while preserving facial structures. Our results outperform state-of-the-art methods both quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 29.Endowing Deep 3D Models with Rotation Invariance Based on Principal Component Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08901.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective method to endow deep 3D models with rotation invariance by expressing the coordinates in an intrinsic frame determined by the object shape itself. Key to our approach is to find such an intrinsic frame which should be unique to the identical object shape and consistent across different instances of the same category, e.g. the frame axes of desks should be all roughly along the edges. Interestingly, the principal component analysis exactly provides an effective way to define such a frame, i.e. setting the principal components as the frame axes. As the principal components have direction ambiguity caused by the sign-ambiguity of eigenvector computation, there exist several intrinsic frames for each object. In order to achieve absolute rotation invariance for a deep model, we adopt the coordinates expressed in all intrinsic frames as inputs to obtain multiple output features, which will be further aggregated as a final feature via a self-attention module. Our method is theoretically rotation-invariant and can be flexibly embedded into the current network architectures. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that our approach can achieve near state-of-the-art performance on rotation-augmented dataset for ModelNet40 classification and outperform other models on SHREC'17 perturbed retrieval task. 
### 30.Moving Indoor: Unsupervised Video Depth Learning in Challenging Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08898.pdf)
>  Recently unsupervised learning of depth from videos has made remarkable progress and the results are comparable to fully supervised methods in outdoor scenes like KITTI. However, there still exist great challenges when directly applying this technology in indoor environments, e.g., large areas of non-texture regions like white wall, more complex ego-motion of handheld camera, transparent glasses and shiny objects. To overcome these problems, we propose a new optical-flow based training paradigm which reduces the difficulty of unsupervised learning by providing a clearer training target and handles the non-texture regions. Our experimental evaluation demonstrates that the result of our method is comparable to fully supervised methods on the NYU Depth V2 benchmark. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first quantitative result of purely unsupervised learning method reported on indoor datasets. 
### 31.Unsupervised High-Resolution Depth Learning From Videos With Dual Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08897.pdf)
>  Unsupervised depth learning takes the appearance difference between a target view and a view synthesized from its adjacent frame as supervisory signal. Since the supervisory signal only comes from images themselves, the resolution of training data significantly impacts the performance. High-resolution images contain more fine-grained details and provide more accurate supervisory signal. However, due to the limitation of memory and computation power, the original images are typically down-sampled during training, which suffers heavy loss of details and disparity accuracy. In order to fully explore the information contained in high-resolution data, we propose a simple yet effective dual networks architecture, which can directly take high-resolution images as input and generate high-resolution and high-accuracy depth map efficiently. We also propose a Self-assembled Attention (SA-Attention) module to handle low-texture region. The evaluation on the benchmark KITTI and Make3D datasets demonstrates that our method achieves state-of-the-art results in the monocular depth estimation task. 
### 32.The Deepfake Detection Challenge (DFDC) Preview Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08854.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a preview of the Deepfakes Detection Challenge (DFDC) dataset consisting of 5K videos featuring two facial modification algorithms. A data collection campaign has been carried out where participating actors have entered into an agreement to the use and manipulation of their likenesses in our creation of the dataset. Diversity in several axes (gender, skin-tone, age, etc.) has been considered and actors recorded videos with arbitrary backgrounds thus bringing visual variability. Finally, a set of specific metrics to evaluate the performance have been defined and two existing models for detecting deepfakes have been tested to provide a reference performance baseline. The DFDC dataset preview can be downloaded at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://deepfakedetectionchallenge.ai" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> 
### 33.Image Restoration Using Deep Regulated Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08853.pdf)
>  While the depth of convolutional neural networks has attracted substantial attention in the deep learning research, the width of these networks has recently received greater interest. The width of networks, defined as the size of the receptive fields and the density of the channels, has demonstrated crucial importance in low-level vision tasks such as image denoising and restoration. However, the limited generalization ability, due to the increased width of networks, creates a bottleneck in designing wider networks. In this paper, we propose the Deep Regulated Convolutional Network (RC-Net), a deep network composed of regulated sub-network blocks cascaded by skip-connections, to overcome this bottleneck. Specifically, the Regulated Convolution block (RC-block), featured by a combination of large and small convolution filters, balances the effectiveness of prominent feature extraction and the generalization ability of the network. RC-Nets have several compelling advantages: they embrace diversified features through large-small filter combinations, alleviate the hazy boundary and blurred details in image denoising and super-resolution problems, and stabilize the learning process. Our proposed RC-Nets outperform state-of-the-art approaches with significant performance gains in various image restoration tasks while demonstrating promising generalization ability. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cswin/RC-Nets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 34.NormGrad: Finding the Pixels that Matter for Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08823.pdf)
>  The different families of saliency methods, either based on contrastive signals, closed-form formulas mixing gradients with activations or on perturbation masks, all focus on which parts of an image are responsible for the model's inference. In this paper, we are rather interested by the locations of an image that contribute to the model's training. First, we propose a principled attribution method that we extract from the summation formula used to compute the gradient of the weights for a 1x1 convolutional layer. The resulting formula is fast to compute and can used throughout the network, allowing us to efficiently produce fined-grained importance maps. We will show how to extend it in order to compute saliency maps at any targeted point within the network. Secondly, to make the attribution really specific to the training of the model, we introduce a meta-learning approach for saliency methods by considering an inner optimisation step within the loss. This way, we do not aim at identifying the parts of an image that contribute to the model's output but rather the locations that are responsible for the good training of the model on this image. Conversely, we also show that a similar meta-learning approach can be used to extract the adversarial locations which can lead to the degradation of the model. 
### 35.Deep Parametric Indoor Lighting Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08812.pdf)
>  We present a method to estimate lighting from a single image of an indoor scene. Previous work has used an environment map representation that does not account for the localized nature of indoor lighting. Instead, we represent lighting as a set of discrete 3D lights with geometric and photometric parameters. We train a deep neural network to regress these parameters from a single image, on a dataset of environment maps annotated with depth. We propose a differentiable layer to convert these parameters to an environment map to compute our loss; this bypasses the challenge of establishing correspondences between estimated and ground truth lights. We demonstrate, via quantitative and qualitative evaluations, that our representation and training scheme lead to more accurate results compared to previous work, while allowing for more realistic 3D object compositing with spatially-varying lighting. 
### 36.Active 6D Multi-Object Pose Estimation in Cluttered Scenarios with Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08811.pdf)
>  In this work, we explore how a strategic selection of camera movements can facilitate the task of 6D multi-object pose estimation in cluttered scenarios while respecting real-world constraints important in robotics and augmented reality applications, such as time and distance traveled. In the proposed framework, a set of multiple object hypotheses is given to an agent, which is inferred by an object pose estimator and subsequently spatio-temporally selected by a fusion function that makes use of a verification score that circumvents the need of ground-truth annotations. The agent reasons about these hypotheses, directing its attention to the object which it is most uncertain about, moving the camera towards such an object. Unlike previous works that propose short-sighted policies, our agent is trained in simulated scenarios using reinforcement learning, attempting to learn the camera moves that produce the most accurate object poses hypotheses for a given temporal and spatial budget, without the need of viewpoints rendering during inference. Our experiments show that the proposed approach successfully estimates the 6D object pose of a stack of objects in both challenging cluttered synthetic and real scenarios, showing superior performance compared to strong baselines. 
### 37.SpatialFlow: Bridging All Tasks for Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08787.pdf)
>  The newly proposed panoptic segmentation task, which aims to encompass the tasks of instance segmentation (for things) and semantic segmentation (for stuff), is an essential step toward real-world vision systems and has attracted a lot of attention in the vision community. Recently, several works have been proposed for this task. Most of them focused on unifying two tasks by sharing the backbone but ignored to highlight the significance of fully interweaving features between tasks, such as providing the spatial context of objects to both semantic and instance segmentation. However, being well aware of locations of objects is fundamental to many vision tasks, e.g., object detection, instance segmentation, semantic segmentation. In this paper, we propose object spatial information flows, which can bridge all tasks together by delivering the spatial context from the box regression task to others. Based on these flows, we present a location-aware and unified framework for panoptic segmentation, {\em SpatialFlow}. The spatial information flows in {\em SpatialFlow} can provide clues for segmenting both things and stuff and help networks better understand the whole image. Moreover, instead of endowing Mask R-CNN with a stuff segmentation branch on a shared backbone, we design four parallel sub-networks for sub-tasks, which facilitate the feature integration among different tasks. We perform a detail ablation study on MS-COCO and Cityscapes panoptic benchmarks. Extensive experiments show that SpatialFlow achieves state-of-the-art results and can boost the performance of things and stuff segmentation at the same time. 
### 38.Component Attention Guided Face Super-Resolution Network: CAGFace  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08761.pdf)
>  To make the best use of the underlying structure of faces, the collective information through face datasets and the intermediate estimates during the upsampling process, here we introduce a fully convolutional multi-stage neural network for 4$\times$ super-resolution for face images. We implicitly impose facial component-wise attention maps using a segmentation network to allow our network to focus on face-inherent patterns. Each stage of our network is composed of a stem layer, a residual backbone, and spatial upsampling layers. We recurrently apply stages to reconstruct an intermediate image, and then reuse its space-to-depth converted versions to bootstrap and enhance image quality progressively. Our experiments show that our face super-resolution method achieves quantitatively superior and perceptually pleasing results in comparison to state of the art. 
### 39.Coordinated Joint Multimodal Embeddings for Generalized Audio-Visual Zeroshot Classification and Retrieval of Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08732.pdf)
>  We present an audio-visual multimodal approach for the task of zeroshot learning (ZSL) for classification and retrieval of videos. ZSL has been studied extensively in the recent past but has primarily been limited to visual modality and to images. We demonstrate that both audio and visual modalities are important for ZSL for videos. Since a dataset to study the task is currently not available, we also construct an appropriate multimodal dataset with 33 classes containing 156,416 videos, from an existing large scale audio event dataset. We empirically show that the performance improves by adding audio modality for both tasks of zeroshot classification and retrieval, when using multimodal extensions of embedding learning methods. We also propose a novel method to predict the `dominant' modality using a jointly learned modality attention network. We learn the attention in a semi-supervised setting and thus do not require any additional explicit labelling for the modalities. We provide qualitative validation of the modality specific attention, which also successfully generalizes to unseen test classes. 
### 40.MixModule: Mixed CNN Kernel Module for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08728.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successfully applied to medical image classification, segmentation, and related tasks. Among the many CNNs architectures, U-Net and its improved versions based are widely used and achieve state-of-the-art performance these years. These improved architectures focus on structural improvements and the size of the convolution kernel is generally fixed. In this paper, we propose a module that combines the benefits of multiple kernel sizes and apply it to U-Net its variants. We test our module on three segmentation benchmark datasets and experimental results show significant improvement. 
### 41.Correlation Maximized Structural Similarity Loss for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08711.pdf)
>  Most semantic segmentation models treat semantic segmentation as a pixel-wise classification task and use a pixel-wise classification error as their optimization criterions. However, the pixel-wise error ignores the strong dependencies among the pixels in an image, which limits the performance of the model. Several ways to incorporate the structure information of the objects have been investigated, \eg, conditional random fields (CRF), image structure priors based methods, and generative adversarial network (GAN). Nevertheless, these methods usually require extra model branches or additional memories, and some of them show limited improvements. In contrast, we propose a simple yet effective structural similarity loss (SSL) to encode the structure information of the objects, which only requires a few additional computational resources in the training phase. Inspired by the widely-used structural similarity (SSIM) index in image quality assessment, we use the linear correlation between two images to quantify their structural similarity. And the goal of the proposed SSL is to pay more attention to the positions, whose associated predictions lead to a low degree of linear correlation between two corresponding regions in the ground truth map and the predicted map. Thus the model can achieve a strong structural similarity between the two maps through minimizing the SSL over the whole map. The experimental results demonstrate that our method can achieve substantial and consistent improvements in performance on the PASCAL VOC 2012 and Cityscapes datasets. The code will be released soon. 
### 42.Fast and Light-weight Portrait Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08695.pdf)
>  Improving the efficiency of portrait segmentation is of great importance for the deployment on mobile devices. In this paper, we achieve the fast and light-weight portrait segmentation by introducing a new extremely light-weight backbone (ELB) architecture. The core element of ELB is a bottleneck-based factorized block (BFB), which can greatly reduce the number of parameters while keeping good learning capacity. Based on the proposed ELB architecture, we only use a single convolution layer as decoder to generate results. The ELB-based portrait segmentation method can run faster (263.2FPS) than existing methods yet retaining the competitive accuracy performance with state-of-the-arts. Experiments are conducted on two datasets, which demonstrates the efficacy of our method. 
### 43.Spatial-aware Online Adversarial Perturbations Against Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08681.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks of deep neural networks have been intensively studied on image, audio, natural language, patch, and pixel classification tasks. Nevertheless, as a typical, while important real-world application, the adversarial attacks of online video object tracking that traces an object's moving trajectory instead of its category are rarely explored. In this paper, we identify a new task for the adversarial attack to visual object tracking: online generating imperceptible perturbations that mislead trackers along an incorrect (Untargeted Attack, UA) or specified trajectory (Targeted Attack, TA). To this end, we first propose a spatial-aware basic attack by adapting existing attack methods, i.e., FGSM, BIM, and C\&amp;W, and comprehensively analyze the attacking performance. We identify that online object tracking poses two new challenges: 1) it is difficult to generate imperceptible perturbations that can transfer across time/frames, and 2) real-time trackers require the attack to satisfy a certain level of efficiency. To address these challenges, we further propose the online incremental attack (OIA) that performs spatial-temporal sparse incremental perturbations online and makes the adversarial attack less perceptible. In addition, as an optimization-based method, OIA quickly converges to very small losses within several iterations by considering historical incremental perturbations, making it much more efficient than the basic attacks. The in-depth evaluation on the state-of-the-art trackers (i.e., SiamRPN with Alex, MobileNetv2, and ResNet-50) for OTB100 and VOT2018 demonstrates the effectiveness and transferability of OIA in misleading existing trackers under both UA and TA with minor perturbations. 
### 44.LanCe: A Comprehensive and Lightweight CNN Defense Methodology against Physical Adversarial Attacks on Embedded Multimedia Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08536.pdf)
>  Recently, adversarial attacks can be applied to the physical world, causing practical issues to various Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) powered applications. Most existing physical adversarial attack defense works only focus on eliminating explicit perturbation patterns from inputs, ignoring interpretation to CNN's intrinsic vulnerability. Therefore, they lack the expected versatility to different attacks and thereby depend on considerable data processing costs. In this paper, we propose LanCe -- a comprehensive and lightweight CNN defense methodology against different physical adversarial attacks. By interpreting CNN's vulnerability, we find that non-semantic adversarial perturbations can activate CNN with significantly abnormal activations and even overwhelm other semantic input patterns' activations. We improve the CNN recognition process by adding a self-verification stage to detect the potential adversarial input with only one CNN inference cost. Based on the detection result, we further propose a data recovery methodology to defend the physical adversarial attacks. We apply such defense methodology into both image and audio CNN recognition scenarios and analyze the computational complexity for each scenario, respectively. Experiments show that our methodology can achieve an average 91% successful rate for attack detection and 89% accuracy recovery. Moreover, it is at most 3x faster compared with the state-of-the-art defense methods, making it feasible to resource-constrained embedded systems, such as mobile devices. 
### 45.Spectral Characterization of functional MRI data on voxel-resolution cortical graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09507.pdf)
>  The human cortical layer exhibits a convoluted morphology that is unique to each individual. Conventional volumetric fMRI processing schemes take for granted the rich information provided by the underlying anatomy. We present a method to study fMRI data on subject-specific cerebral hemisphere cortex (CHC) graphs, which encode the cortical morphology at the resolution of voxels in 3-D. We study graph spectral energy metrics associated to fMRI data of 100 subjects from the Human Connectome Project database, across seven tasks. Experimental results signify the strength of CHC graphs' Laplacian eigenvector bases in capturing subtle spatial patterns specific to different functional loads as well as experimental conditions within each task. 
### 46.Multi-Resolution Weak Supervision for Sequential Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09505.pdf)
>  Since manually labeling training data is slow and expensive, recent industrial and scientific research efforts have turned to weaker or noisier forms of supervision sources. However, existing weak supervision approaches fail to model multi-resolution sources for sequential data, like video, that can assign labels to individual elements or collections of elements in a sequence. A key challenge in weak supervision is estimating the unknown accuracies and correlations of these sources without using labeled data. Multi-resolution sources exacerbate this challenge due to complex correlations and sample complexity that scales in the length of the sequence. We propose Dugong, the first framework to model multi-resolution weak supervision sources with complex correlations to assign probabilistic labels to training data. Theoretically, we prove that Dugong, under mild conditions, can uniquely recover the unobserved accuracy and correlation parameters and use parameter sharing to improve sample complexity. Our method assigns clinician-validated labels to population-scale biomedical video repositories, helping outperform traditional supervision by 36.8 F1 points and addressing a key use case where machine learning has been severely limited by the lack of expert labeled data. On average, Dugong improves over traditional supervision by 16.0 F1 points and existing weak supervision approaches by 24.2 F1 points across several video and sensor classification tasks. 
### 47.Relative Interior Rule in Block-Coordinate Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09488.pdf)
>  (Block-)coordinate minimization is an iterative optimization method which in every iteration finds a global minimum of the objective over a variable or a subset of variables, while keeping the remaining variables constant. While for some problems, coordinate minimization converges to a global minimum (e.g., convex differentiable objective), for general (non-differentiable) convex problems this may not be the case. Despite this drawback, (block-)coordinate minimization can be an acceptable option for large-scale non-differentiable convex problems; an example is methods to solve the linear programming relaxation of the discrete energy minimization problem (MAP inference in graphical models). When block-coordinate minimization is applied to a general convex problem, in every iteration the minimizer over the current coordinate block need not be unique and therefore a single minimizer must be chosen. We propose that this minimizer be chosen from the relative interior of the set of all minimizers over the current block. We show that this rule is not worse, in a certain precise sense, than any other rule. 
### 48.Modeling Disease Progression In Retinal OCTs With Longitudinal Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09420.pdf)
>  Longitudinal imaging is capable of capturing the static ana\-to\-mi\-cal structures and the dynamic changes of the morphology resulting from aging or disease progression. Self-supervised learning allows to learn new representation from available large unlabelled data without any expert knowledge. We propose a deep learning self-supervised approach to model disease progression from longitudinal retinal optical coherence tomography (OCT). Our self-supervised model takes benefit from a generic time-related task, by learning to estimate the time interval between pairs of scans acquired from the same patient. This task is (i) easy to implement, (ii) allows to use irregularly sampled data, (iii) is tolerant to poor registration, and (iv) does not rely on additional annotations. This novel method learns a representation that focuses on progression specific information only, which can be transferred to other types of longitudinal problems. We transfer the learnt representation to a clinically highly relevant task of predicting the onset of an advanced stage of age-related macular degeneration within a given time interval based on a single OCT scan. The boost in prediction accuracy, in comparison to a network learned from scratch or transferred from traditional tasks, demonstrates that our pretrained self-supervised representation learns a clinically meaningful information. 
### 49.Hyperspectral Image Classification Based on Adaptive Sparse Deep Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09405.pdf)
>  Sparse model is widely used in hyperspectral image classification.However, different of sparsity and regularization parameters has great influence on the classification <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://results.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, a novel adaptive sparse deep network based on deep architecture is proposed, which can construct the optimal sparse representation and regularization parameters by deep network.Firstly, a data flow graph is designed to represent each update iteration based on Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) algorithm.Forward network and Back-Propagation network are deduced.All parameters are updated by gradient descent in Back-Propagation.Then we proposed an Adaptive Sparse Deep Network.Comparing with several traditional classifiers or other algorithm for sparse model, experiment results indicate that our method achieves great improvement in HSI classification. 
### 50.MIScnn: A Framework for Medical Image Segmentation with Convolutional Neural Networks and Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09308.pdf)
>  The increased availability and usage of modern medical imaging induced a strong need for automatic medical image segmentation. Still, current image segmentation platforms do not provide the required functionalities for plain setup of medical image segmentation pipelines. Already implemented pipelines are commonly standalone software, optimized on a specific public data set. Therefore, this paper introduces the open-source Python library MIScnn. The aim of MIScnn is to provide an intuitive API allowing fast building of medical image segmentation pipelines including data I/O, preprocessing, data augmentation, patch-wise analysis, metrics, a library with state-of-the-art deep learning models and model utilization like training, prediction, as well as fully automatic evaluation (e.g. cross-validation). Similarly, high configurability and multiple open interfaces allow full pipeline customization. Running a cross-validation with MIScnn on the Kidney Tumor Segmentation Challenge 2019 data set (multi-class semantic segmentation with 300 CT scans) resulted into a powerful predictor based on the standard 3D U-Net model. With this experiment, we could show that the MIScnn framework enables researchers to rapidly set up a complete medical image segmentation pipeline by using just a few lines of code. The source code for MIScnn is available in the Git repository: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/frankkramer-lab/MIScnn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 51.Learning a Generic Adaptive Wavelet Shrinkage Function for Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09234.pdf)
>  The rise of machine learning in image processing has created a gap between trainable data-driven and classical model-driven approaches: While learning-based models often show superior performance, classical ones are often more transparent. To reduce this gap, we introduce a generic wavelet shrinkage function for denoising which is adaptive to both the wavelet scales as well as the noise standard deviation. It is inferred from trained results of a tightly parametrised function which is inherited from nonlinear diffusion. Our proposed shrinkage function is smooth and compact while only using two parameters. In contrast to many existing shrinkage functions, it is able to enhance image structures by amplifying wavelet coefficients. Experiments show that it outperforms classical shrinkage functions by a significant margin. 
### 52.ipA-MedGAN: Inpainting of Arbitrarily Regions in Medical Modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09230.pdf)
>  Local deformations in medical modalities are common phenomena due to a multitude of factors such as metallic implants or limited field of views in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Completion of the missing or distorted regions is of special interest for automatic image analysis frameworks to enhance post-processing tasks such as segmentation or classification. In this work, we propose a new generative framework for medical image inpainting, titled ipA-MedGAN. It bypasses the limitations of previous frameworks by enabling inpainting of arbitrarily shaped regions without a prior localization of the regions of interest. Thorough qualitative and quantitative comparisons with other inpainting and translational approaches have illustrated the superior performance of the proposed framework for the task of brain MR inpainting. 
### 53.Automatic Lumbar Spinal CT Image Segmentation with a Dual Densely Connected U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09198.pdf)
>  The clinical treatment of degenerative and developmental lumbar spinal stenosis (LSS) is different. Computed tomography (CT) is helpful in distinguishing degenerative and developmental LSS due to its advantage in imaging of osseous and calcified tissues. However, boundaries of the vertebral body, spinal canal and dural sac have low contrast and hard to identify in a CT image, so the diagnosis depends heavily on the knowledge of expert surgeons and radiologists. In this paper, we develop an automatic lumbar spinal CT image segmentation method to assist LSS diagnosis. The main contributions of this paper are the following: 1) a new lumbar spinal CT image dataset is constructed that contains 2393 axial CT images collected from 279 patients, with the ground truth of pixel-level segmentation labels; 2) a dual densely connected U-shaped neural network (DDU-Net) is used to segment the spinal canal, dural sac and vertebral body in an end-to-end manner; 3) DDU-Net is capable of segmenting tissues with large scale-variant, inconspicuous edges (e.g., spinal canal) and extremely small size (e.g., dural sac); and 4) DDU-Net is practical, requiring no image preprocessing such as contrast enhancement, registration and denoising, and the running time reaches 12 FPS. In the experiment, we achieve state-of-the-art performance on the lumbar spinal image segmentation task. We expect that the technique will increase both radiology workflow efficiency and the perceived value of radiology reports for referring clinicians and patients. 
### 54.Mining GOLD Samples for Conditional GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09170.pdf)
>  Conditional generative adversarial networks (cGANs) have gained a considerable attention in recent years due to its class-wise controllability and superior quality for complex generation tasks. We introduce a simple yet effective approach to improving cGANs by measuring the discrepancy between the data distribution and the model distribution on given samples. The proposed measure, coined the gap of log-densities (GOLD), provides an effective self-diagnosis for cGANs while being efficienty computed from the discriminator. We propose three applications of the GOLD: example re-weighting, rejection sampling, and active learning, which improve the training, inference, and data selection of cGANs, respectively. Our experimental results demonstrate that the proposed methods outperform corresponding baselines for all three applications on different image datasets. 
### 55.Perception-Distortion Trade-off with Restricted Boltzmann Machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09122.pdf)
>  In this work, we introduce a new procedure for applying Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs) to missing data inference tasks, based on linearization of the effective energy function governing the distribution of observations. We compare the performance of our proposed procedure with those obtained using existing reconstruction procedures trained on incomplete data. We place these performance comparisons within the context of the perception-distortion trade-off observed in other data reconstruction tasks, which has, until now, remained unexplored in tasks relying on incomplete training data. 
### 56.Generative Hierarchical Models for Parts, Objects, and Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09119.pdf)
>  Compositional structures between parts and objects are inherent in natural scenes. Modeling such compositional hierarchies via unsupervised learning can bring various benefits such as interpretability and transferability, which are important in many downstream tasks. In this paper, we propose the first deep latent variable model, called RICH, for learning Representation of Interpretable Compositional Hierarchies. At the core of RICH is a latent scene graph representation that organizes the entities of a scene into a tree structure according to their compositional relationships. During inference, taking top-down approach, RICH is able to use higher-level representation to guide lower-level decomposition. This avoids the difficult problem of routing between parts and objects that is faced by bottom-up approaches. In experiments on images containing multiple objects with different part compositions, we demonstrate that RICH is able to learn the latent compositional hierarchy and generate imaginary scenes. 
### 57.Self-Supervised Physics-Based Deep Learning MRI Reconstruction Without Fully-Sampled Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09116.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) has emerged as a tool for improving accelerated MRI reconstruction. A common strategy among DL methods is the physics-based approach, where a regularized iterative algorithm alternating between data consistency and a regularizer is unrolled for a finite number of iterations. This unrolled network is then trained end-to-end in a supervised manner, using fully-sampled data as ground truth for the network output. However, in a number of scenarios, it is difficult to obtain fully-sampled datasets, due to physiological constraints such as organ motion or physical constraints such as signal decay. In this work, we tackle this issue and propose a self-supervised learning strategy that enables physics-based DL reconstruction without fully-sampled data. Our approach is to divide the acquired sub-sampled points for each scan into training and validation subsets. During training, data consistency is enforced over the training subset, while the validation subset is used to define the loss function. Results show that the proposed self-supervised learning method successfully reconstructs images without fully-sampled data, performing similarly to the supervised approach that is trained with fully-sampled references. This has implications for physics-based inverse problem approaches for other settings, where fully-sampled data is not available or possible to acquire. 
### 58.A game method for improving the interpretability of convolution neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09090.pdf)
>  Real artificial intelligence always has been focused on by many machine learning researchers, especially in the area of deep learning. However deep neural network is hard to be understood and explained, and sometimes, even metaphysics. The reason is, we believe that: the network is essentially a perceptual model. Therefore, we believe that in order to complete complex intelligent activities from simple perception, it is necessary to con-struct another interpretable logical network to form accurate and reasonable responses and explanations to external things. Researchers like Bolei Zhou and Quanshi Zhang have found many explanatory rules for deep feature extraction aimed at the feature extraction stage of convolution neural network. However, although researchers like Marco Gori have also made great efforts to improve the interpretability of the fully connected layers of the network, the problem is also very difficult. This paper firstly analyzes its reason. Then a method of constructing logical network based on the fully connected layers and extracting logical relation between input and output of the layers is proposed. The game process between perceptual learning and logical abstract cognitive learning is implemented to improve the interpretable performance of deep learning process and deep learning model. The benefits of our approach are illustrated on benchmark data sets and in real-world experiments. 
### 59.Contextual Prediction Difference Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09086.pdf)
>  The interpretation of black-box models has been investigated in recent years. A number of model-aware saliency methods were proposed to explain individual classification decisions by creating saliency maps. However, they are not applicable when the parameters and the gradients of the underlying models are unavailable. Recently, model-agnostic methods have received increased attention. As one of them, Prediction Difference Analysis (PDA), a probabilistic sound methodology, was proposed. In this work, we first show that PDA can suffer from saturated classifiers. The saturation phenomenon of classifiers exists widely in current neural network-based classifiers. To understand the decisions of saturated classifiers better, we further propose Contextual PDA, which runs hundreds of times faster than PDA. The experiments show the superiority of our method by explaining image classifications of the state-of-the-art deep convolutional neural networks. We also apply our method to commercial general vision recognition systems. 
### 60.Deep Mouse: An End-to-end Auto-context Refinement Framework for Brain Ventricle and Body Segmentation in Embryonic Mice Ultrasound Volumes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09061.pdf)
>  High-frequency ultrasound (HFU) is well suited for imaging embryonic mice due to its noninvasive and real-time characteristics. However, manual segmentation of the brain ventricles (BVs) and body requires substantial time and expertise. This work proposes a novel deep learning based end-to-end auto-context refinement framework, consisting of two stages. The first stage produces a low resolution segmentation of the BV and body simultaneously. The resulting probability map for each object (BV or body) is then used to crop a region of interest (ROI) around the target object in both the original image and the probability map to provide context to the refinement segmentation network. Joint training of the two stages provides significant improvement in Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) over using only the first stage (0.818 to 0.906 for the BV, and 0.919 to 0.934 for the body). The proposed method significantly reduces the inference time (102.36 to 0.09 s/volume around 1000x faster) while slightly improves the segmentation accuracy over the previous methods using slide-window approaches. 
### 61.An Optimal Transport Framework for Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09057.pdf)
>  We present an optimal transport (OT) framework for generalized zero-shot learning (GZSL) of imaging data, seeking to distinguish samples for both seen and unseen classes, with the help of auxiliary attributes. The discrepancy between features and attributes is minimized by solving an optimal transport problem. {Specifically, we build a conditional generative model to generate features from seen-class attributes, and establish an optimal transport between the distribution of the generated features and that of the real features.} The generative model and the optimal transport are optimized iteratively with an attribute-based regularizer, that further enhances the discriminative power of the generated features. A classifier is learned based on the features generated for both the seen and unseen classes. In addition to generalized zero-shot learning, our framework is also applicable to standard and transductive ZSL problems. Experiments show that our optimal transport-based method outperforms state-of-the-art methods on several benchmark datasets. 
### 62.Leveraging inductive bias of neural networks for learning without explicit human annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09055.pdf)
>  Classification problems today are typically solved by first collecting examples along with candidate labels, second obtaining clean labels from workers, and third training a large, overparameterized deep neural network on the clean examples. The second, labeling step is often the most expensive one as it requires manually going through all examples. In this paper we skip the labeling step entirely and propose to directly train the deep neural network on the noisy candidate labels and early stop the training to avoid overfitting. With this procedure we exploit an intriguing property of large overparameterized neural networks: While they are capable of perfectly fitting the noisy data, gradient descent fits clean labels much faster than the noisy ones, thus early stopping resembles training on the clean labels. Our results show that early stopping the training of standard deep networks such as ResNet-18 on part of the Tiny Images dataset, which does not involve any human labeled data, and of which only about half of the labels are correct, gives a significantly higher test performance than when trained on the clean CIFAR-10 training dataset, which is a labeled version of the Tiny Images dataset, for the same classification problem. In addition, our results show that the noise generated through the label collection process is not nearly as adversarial for learning as the noise generated by randomly flipping labels, which is the noise most prevalent in works demonstrating noise robustness of neural networks. 
### 63.Boosting Network Weight Separability via Feed-Backward Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.09024.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new evaluation metric and boosting method for weight separability in neural network design. In contrast to general visual recognition methods designed to encourage both intra-class compactness and inter-class separability of latent features, we focus on estimating linear independence of column vectors in weight matrix and improving the separability of weight vectors. To this end, we propose an evaluation metric for weight separability based on semi-orthogonality of a matrix and Frobenius distance, and the feed-backward reconstruction loss which explicitly encourages weight separability between the column vectors in the weight matrix. The experimental results on image classification and face recognition demonstrate that the weight separability boosting via minimization of feed-backward reconstruction loss can improve the visual recognition performance, hence universally boosting the performance on various visual recognition tasks. 
### 64.SANet:Superpixel Attention Network for Skin Lesion Attributes Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08995.pdf)
>  The accurate detection of lesion attributes is meaningful for both the computeraid diagnosis system and dermatologists decisions. However, unlike lesion segmentation and melenoma classification, there are few deep learning methods and literatures focusing on this task. Currently, the lesion attribute detection still remains challenging due to the extremely unbalanced class distribution and insufficient samples, as well as large intraclass and low interclass variations. To solve these problems, we propose a deep learning framework named superpixel attention network (SANet). Firstly, we segment input images into small regions and shuffle the obtained regions by the random shuttle mechanism (RSM). Secondly, we apply the SANet to capture discriminative features and reconstruct input images. Specifically, SANet contains two sub modules: superpixel average pooling and superpixel at tention module. We introduce a superpixel average pooling to reformulate the superpixel classification problem as a superpixel segmentation problem and a SAMis utilized to focus on discriminative superpixel regions and feature channels. Finally, we design a novel but effective loss, namely global balancing loss to address the serious data imbalance in ISIC 2018 Task 2 lesion attributes detection dataset. The proposed method achieves quite good performance on the ISIC 2018 Task 2 challenge. 
### 65.Image Difficulty Curriculum for Generative Adversarial Networks (CuGAN)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08967.pdf)
>  Despite the significant advances in recent years, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are still notoriously hard to train. In this paper, we propose three novel curriculum learning strategies for training GANs. All strategies are first based on ranking the training images by their difficulty scores, which are estimated by a state-of-the-art image difficulty predictor. Our first strategy is to divide images into gradually more difficult batches. Our second strategy introduces a novel curriculum loss function for the discriminator that takes into account the difficulty scores of the real images. Our third strategy is based on sampling from an evolving distribution, which favors the easier images during the initial training stages and gradually converges to a uniform distribution, in which samples are equally likely, regardless of difficulty. We compare our curriculum learning strategies with the classic training procedure on two tasks: image generation and image translation. Our experiments indicate that all strategies provide faster convergence and superior results. For example, our best curriculum learning strategy applied on spectrally normalized GANs (SNGANs) fooled human annotators in thinking that generated CIFAR-like images are real in 25.0% of the presented cases, while the SNGANs trained using the classic procedure fooled the annotators in only 18.4% cases. Similarly, in image translation, the human annotators preferred the images produced by the Cycle-consistent GAN (CycleGAN) trained using curriculum learning in 40.5% cases and those produced by CycleGAN based on classic training in only 19.8% cases, $39.7\%$ cases being labeled as ties. 
### 66.Combining Shape Priors with Conditional Adversarial Networks for Improved Scapula Segmentation in MR images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08963.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an automatic method for scapula bone segmentation from Magnetic Resonance (MR) images using deep learning. The purpose of this work is to incorporate anatomical priors into a conditional adversarial framework, given a limited amount of heterogeneous annotated images. Our approach encourages the segmentation model to follow the global anatomical properties of the underlying anatomy through a learnt non-linear shape representation while the adversarial contribution refines the model by promoting realistic delineations. These contributions are evaluated on a data set of 15 pediatric shoulder examinations, and compared to state-of-the-art architectures including UNet and recent derivatives. The significant improvements achieved bring new perspectives for the pre-operative management of musculo-skeletal diseases. 
### 67.i-RIM applied to the fastMRI challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08952.pdf)
>  We, team AImsterdam, summarize our submission to the fastMRI challenge (Zbontar et al., 2018). Our approach builds on recent advances in invertible learning to infer models as presented in Putzky and Welling (2019). Both, our single-coil and our multi-coil model share the same basic architecture. 
### 68.Policy Learning for Malaria Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08926.pdf)
>  Sequential decision making is a typical problem in reinforcement learning with plenty of algorithms to solve it. However, only a few of them can work effectively with a very small number of observations. In this report, we introduce the progress to learn the policy for Malaria Control as a Reinforcement Learning problem in the KDD Cup Challenge 2019 and propose diverse solutions to deal with the limited observations problem. We apply the Genetic Algorithm, Bayesian Optimization, Q-learning with sequence breaking to find the optimal policy for five years in a row with only 20 episodes/100 evaluations. We evaluate those algorithms and compare their performance with Random Search as a baseline. Among these algorithms, Q-Learning with sequence breaking has been submitted to the challenge and got ranked 7th in KDD Cup. 
### 69.Probabilistic Radiomics: Ambiguous Diagnosis with Controllable Shape Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08878.pdf)
>  Radiomics analysis has achieved great success in recent years. However, conventional Radiomics analysis suffers from insufficiently expressive hand-crafted features. Recently, emerging deep learning techniques, e.g., convolutional neural networks (CNNs), dominate recent research in Computer-Aided Diagnosis (CADx). Unfortunately, as black-box predictors, we argue that CNNs are "diagnosing" voxels (or pixels), rather than lesions; in other words, visual saliency from a trained CNN is not necessarily concentrated on the lesions. On the other hand, classification in clinical applications suffers from inherent ambiguities: radiologists may produce diverse diagnosis on challenging cases. To this end, we propose a controllable and explainable {\em Probabilistic Radiomics} framework, by combining the Radiomics analysis and probabilistic deep learning. In our framework, 3D CNN feature is extracted upon lesion region only, then encoded into lesion representation, by a controllable Non-local Shape Analysis Module (NSAM) based on self-attention. Inspired from variational auto-encoders (VAEs), an Ambiguity PriorNet is used to approximate the ambiguity distribution over human experts. The final diagnosis is obtained by combining the ambiguity prior sample and lesion representation, and the whole network named $DenseSharp^{+}$ is end-to-end trainable. We apply the proposed method on lung nodule diagnosis on LIDC-IDRI database to validate its effectiveness. 
### 70.KRNET: Image Denoising with Kernel Regulation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08867.pdf)
>  One popular strategy for image denoising is to design a generalized regularization term that is capable of exploring the implicit prior underlying data observation. Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have shown the powerful capability to learn image prior information through a stack of layers defined by a combination of kernels (filters) on the input. However, existing CNN-based methods mainly focus on synthetic gray-scale images. These methods still exhibit low performance when tackling multi-channel color image denoising. In this paper, we optimize CNN regularization capability by developing a kernel regulation module. In particular, we propose a kernel regulation network-block, referred to as KR-block, by integrating the merits of both large and small kernels, that can effectively estimate features in solving image denoising. We build a deep CNN-based denoiser, referred to as KRNET, via concatenating multiple KR-blocks. We evaluate KRNET on additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN), multi-channel (MC) noise, and realistic noise, where KRNET obtains significant performance gains over state-of-the-art methods across a wide spectrum of noise levels. 
### 71.ProxIQA: A Proxy Approach to Perceptual Optimization of Learned Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08845.pdf)
>  The use of $\ell_p$ $(p=1,2)$ norms has largely dominated the measurement of loss in neural networks due to their simplicity and analytical properties. However, when used to assess the loss of visual information, these simple norms are not very consistent with human perception. Here, we describe a different "proximal" approach to optimize image analysis networks against quantitative perceptual models. Specifically, we construct a proxy network, broadly termed ProxIQA, which mimics the perceptual model while serving as a loss layer of the network. We experimentally demonstrate how this optimization framework can be applied to train an end-to-end optimized image compression network. By building on top of an existing deep image compression model, we are able to demonstrate a bitrate reduction of as much as $31\%$ over MSE optimization, given a specified perceptual quality (VMAF) level. 
### 72.LEt-SNE: A Hybrid Approach To Data Embedding and Visualization of Hyperspectral Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08790.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral Imagery (and Remote Sensing in general) captured from UAVs or satellites are highly voluminous in nature due to the large spatial extent and wavelengths captured by them. Since analyzing these images requires a huge amount of computational time and power, various dimensionality reduction techniques have been used for feature reduction. Some popular techniques among these falter when applied to Hyperspectral Imagery due to the famed curse of dimensionality. In this paper, we propose a novel approach, LEt-SNE, which combines graph based algorithms like t-SNE and Laplacian Eigenmaps into a model parameterized by a shallow feed forward network. We introduce a new term, Compression Factor, that enables our method to combat the curse of dimensionality. The proposed algorithm is suitable for manifold visualization and sample clustering with labelled or unlabelled data. We demonstrate that our method is competitive with current state-of-the-art methods on hyperspectral remote sensing datasets in public domain. 
### 73.Automated Composition of Picture-Synched Music Soundtracks for Movies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08773.pdf)
>  We describe the implementation of and early results from a system that automatically composes picture-synched musical soundtracks for videos and movies. We use the phrase "picture-synched" to mean that the structure of the automatically composed music is determined by visual events in the input movie, i.e. the final music is synchronised to visual events and features such as cut transitions or within-shot key-frame events. Our system combines automated video analysis and computer-generated music-composition techniques to create unique soundtracks in response to the video input, and can be thought of as an initial step in creating a computerised replacement for a human composer writing music to fit the picture-locked edit of a movie. Working only from the video information in the movie, key features are extracted from the input video, using video analysis techniques, which are then fed into a machine-learning-based music generation tool, to compose a piece of music from scratch. The resulting soundtrack is tied to video features, such as scene transition markers and scene-level energy values, and is unique to the input video. Although the system we describe here is only a preliminary proof-of-concept, user evaluations of the output of the system have been positive. 
### 74.Utilising Low Complexity CNNs to Lift Non-Local Redundancies in Video Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08737.pdf)
>  Digital media is ubiquitous and produced in ever-growing quantities. This necessitates a constant evolution of compression techniques, especially for video, in order to maintain efficient storage and transmission. In this work, we aim at exploiting non-local redundancies in video data that remain difficult to erase for conventional video codecs. We design convolutional neural networks with a particular emphasis on low memory and computational footprint. The parameters of those networks are trained on the fly, at encoding time, to predict the residual signal from the decoded video signal. After the training process has converged, the parameters are compressed and signalled as part of the code of the underlying video codec. The method can be applied to any existing video codec to increase coding gains while its low computational footprint allows for an application under resource-constrained conditions. Building on top of High Efficiency Video Coding, we achieve coding gains similar to those of pretrained denoising CNNs while only requiring about 1\% of their computational complexity. Through extensive experiments, we provide insights into the effectiveness of our network design decisions. In addition, we demonstrate that our algorithm delivers stable performance under conditions met in practical video compression: our algorithm performs without significant performance loss on very long random access segments (up to 256 frames) and with moderate performance drops can even be applied to single frames in high resolution low delay settings. 
### 75.Tracking-Assisted Segmentation of Biological Cells  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08735.pdf)
>  U-Net and its variants have been demonstrated to work sufficiently well in biological cell tracking and segmentation. However, these methods still suffer in the presence of complex processes such as collision of cells, mitosis and apoptosis. In this paper, we augment U-Net with Siamese matching-based tracking and propose to track individual nuclei over time. By modelling the behavioural pattern of the cells, we achieve improved segmentation and tracking performances through a re-segmentation procedure. Our preliminary investigations on the Fluo-N2DH-SIM+ and Fluo-N2DH-GOWT1 datasets demonstrate that absolute improvements of up to 3.8 % and 3.4% can be obtained in segmentation and tracking accuracy, respectively. 
### 76.Attention Guided Metal Artifact Correction in MRI using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08705.pdf)
>  An attention guided scheme for metal artifact correction in MRI using deep neural network is proposed in this paper. The inputs of the networks are two distorted images obtained with dual-polarity readout gradients. With MR image generation module and the additional data consistency loss to the previous work [1], the network is trained to estimate the frequency-shift map, off-resonance map, and attention map. The attention map helps to produce better distortion-corrected images by weighting on more relevant distortion-corrected images where two distortion-corrected images are produced with half of the frequency-shift maps. In this paper, we observed that in a real MRI environment, two distorted images obtained with opposite polarities of readout gradient showed artifacts in a different region. Therefore, we proved that using the attention map was important in that it reduced the residual ripple and pile-up artifacts near metallic implants. 
### 77.Real-Time Lip Sync for Live 2D Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08685.pdf)
>  The emergence of commercial tools for real-time performance-based 2D animation has enabled 2D characters to appear on live broadcasts and streaming platforms. A key requirement for live animation is fast and accurate lip sync that allows characters to respond naturally to other actors or the audience through the voice of a human performer. In this work, we present a deep learning based interactive system that automatically generates live lip sync for layered 2D characters using a Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) model. Our system takes streaming audio as input and produces viseme sequences with less than 200ms of latency (including processing time). Our contributions include specific design decisions for our feature definition and LSTM configuration that provide a small but useful amount of lookahead to produce accurate lip sync. We also describe a data augmentation procedure that allows us to achieve good results with a very small amount of hand-animated training data (13-20 minutes). Extensive human judgement experiments show that our results are preferred over several competing methods, including those that only support offline (non-live) processing. Video summary and supplementary results at GitHub link: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/deepalianeja/CharacterLipSync2D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 78.NASIB: Neural Architecture Search withIn Budget  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08665.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) represents a class of methods to generate the optimal neural network architecture and typically iterate over candidate architectures till convergence over some particular metric like validation loss. They are constrained by the available computation resources, especially in enterprise environments. In this paper, we propose a new approach for NAS, called NASIB, which adapts and attunes to the computation resources (budget) available by varying the exploration vs. exploitation trade-off. We reduce the expert bias by searching over an augmented search space induced by Superkernels. The proposed method can provide the architecture search useful for different computation resources and different domains beyond image classification of natural images where we lack bespoke architecture motifs and domain expertise. We show, on CIFAR10, that itis possible to search over a space that comprises of 12x more candidate operations than the traditional prior art in just 1.5 GPU days, while reaching close to state of the art accuracy. While our method searches over an exponentially larger search space, it could lead to novel architectures that require lesser domain expertise, compared to the majority of the existing methods. 
### 79.Toward Metrics for Differentiating Out-of-Distribution Sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08650.pdf)
>  Vanilla CNNs, as uncalibrated classifiers, suffer from classifying out-of-distribution (OOD) samples nearly as confidently as in-distribution samples, making them indistinguishable from each other. To tackle this challenge, some recent works have demonstrated the gains of leveraging readily accessible OOD sets for training end-to-end calibrated CNNs. However, a critical question remains unanswered in these works: how to select an OOD set, among the available OOD sets, for training such CNNs that induces high detection rates on unseen OOD sets? We address this pivotal question through the use of Augmented-CNN (A-CNN) involving an explicit rejection option. We first provide a formal definition to precisely differentiate OOD sets for the purpose of selection. As using this definition incurs a huge computational cost, we propose novel metrics, as a computationally efficient tool, for characterizing OOD sets in order to select the proper one. In a series of experiments on several image and audio benchmarks, we show that training an A-CNN with an OOD set identified by our metrics (called A-CNN$^{\star}$) leads to remarkable detection rate of unseen OOD sets while maintaining in-distribution generalization performance, thus demonstrating the viability of our metrics for identifying the proper OOD set. Furthermore, we show that A-CNN$^{\star}$ outperforms state-of-the-art OOD detectors across different benchmarks. 
### 80.Intracranial Hemorrhage Segmentation Using Deep Convolutional Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08643.pdf)
>  Traumatic brain injuries could cause intracranial hemorrhage (ICH). ICH could lead to disability or death if it is not accurately diagnosed and treated in a time-sensitive procedure. The current clinical protocol to diagnose ICH is examining Computerized Tomography (CT) scans by radiologists to detect ICH and localize its regions. However, this process relies heavily on the availability of an experienced radiologist. In this paper, we designed a study protocol to collect a dataset of 82 CT scans of subjects with traumatic brain injury. Later, the ICH regions were manually delineated in each slice by a consensus decision of two radiologists. Recently, fully convolutional networks (FCN) have shown to be successful in medical image segmentation. We developed a deep FCN, called U-Net, to segment the ICH regions from the CT scans in a fully automated manner. The method achieved a Dice coefficient of 0.31 for the ICH segmentation based on 5-fold cross-validation. The dataset is publicly available online at PhysioNet repository for future analysis and comparison. 
### 81.Are Perceptually-Aligned Gradients a General Property of Robust Classifiers?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08640.pdf)
>  For a standard convolutional neural network, optimizing over the input pixels to maximize the score of some target class will generally produce a grainy-looking version of the original image. However, researchers have demonstrated that for adversarially-trained neural networks, this optimization produces images that uncannily resemble the target class. In this paper, we show that these "perceptually-aligned gradients" also occur under randomized smoothing, an alternative means of constructing adversarially-robust classifiers. Our finding suggests that perceptually-aligned gradients may be a general property of robust classifiers, rather than a specific property of adversarially-trained neural networks. We hope that our results will inspire research aimed at explaining this link between perceptually-aligned gradients and adversarial robustness. 
### 82.Generative Adversarial Networks And Domain Adaptation For Training Data Independent Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08593.pdf)
>  Medical image registration is an important task in automated analysis of multi-modal images and temporal data involving multiple patient visits. Conventional approaches, although useful for different image types, are time consuming. Of late, deep learning (DL) based image registration methods have been proposed that outperform traditional methods in terms of accuracy and time. However,DL based methods are heavily dependent on training data and do not generalize well when presented with images of different scanners or anatomies. We present a DL based approach that can perform medical image registration of one image type despite being trained with images of a different type. This is achieved by unsupervised domain adaptation in the registration process and allows for easier application to different datasets without extensive <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://retraining.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> achieve our objective we train a network that transforms the given input image pair to a latent feature space vector using autoencoders. The resultant encoded feature space is used to generate the registered images with the help of generative adversarial networks (GANs). This feature transformation ensures greater invariance to the input image type. Experiments on chest Xray, retinal and brain MR images show that our method, trained on one dataset gives better registration performance for other datasets, outperforming conventional methods that do not incorporate domain adaptation 
### 83.Towards Learning Cross-Modal Perception-Trace Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08549.pdf)
>  Representation learning is a key element of state-of-the-art deep learning approaches. It enables to transform raw data into structured vector space embeddings. Such embeddings are able to capture the distributional semantics of their context, e.g. by word windows on natural language sentences, graph walks on knowledge graphs or convolutions on images. So far, this context is manually defined, resulting in heuristics which are solely optimized for computational performance on certain tasks like link-prediction. However, such heuristic models of context are fundamentally different to how humans capture information. For instance, when reading a multi-modal webpage (i) humans do not perceive all parts of a document equally: Some words and parts of images are skipped, others are revisited several times which makes the perception trace highly non-sequential; (ii) humans construct meaning from a document's content by shifting their attention between text and image, among other things, guided by layout and design elements. In this paper we empirically investigate the difference between human perception and context heuristics of basic embedding models. We conduct eye tracking experiments to capture the underlying characteristics of human perception of media documents containing a mixture of text and images. Based on that, we devise a prototypical computational perception-trace model, called CMPM. We evaluate empirically how CMPM can improve a basic skip-gram embedding approach. Our results suggest, that even with a basic human-inspired computational perception model, there is a huge potential for improving embeddings since such a model does inherently capture multiple modalities, as well as layout and design elements. 
### 84.Semi-supervised Learning using Adversarial Training with Good and Bad Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08540.pdf)
>  In this work, we investigate semi-supervised learning (SSL) for image classification using adversarial training. Previous results have illustrated that generative adversarial networks (GANs) can be used for multiple purposes. Triple-GAN, which aims to jointly optimize model components by incorporating three players, generates suitable image-label pairs to compensate for the lack of labeled data in SSL with improved benchmark performance. Conversely, Bad (or complementary) GAN, optimizes generation to produce complementary data-label pairs and force a classifier's decision boundary to lie between data manifolds. Although it generally outperforms Triple-GAN, Bad GAN is highly sensitive to the amount of labeled data used for training. Unifying these two approaches, we present unified-GAN (UGAN), a novel framework that enables a classifier to simultaneously learn from both good and bad samples through adversarial training. We perform extensive experiments on various datasets and demonstrate that UGAN: 1) achieves state-of-the-art performance among other deep generative models, and 2) is robust to variations in the amount of labeled data used for training. 
### 85.Normal Estimation for 3D Point Clouds via Local Plane Constraint and Multi-scale Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08537.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a normal estimation method for unstructured 3D point clouds. In this method, a feature constraint mechanism called Local Plane Features Constraint (LPFC) is used and then a multi-scale selection strategy is introduced. The LPEC can be used in a single-scale point network architecture for a more stable normal estimation of the unstructured 3D point clouds. In particular, it can partly overcome the influence of noise on a large sampling scale compared to the other methods which only use regression loss for normal estimation. For more details, a subnetwork is built after point-wise features extracted layers of the network and it gives more constraints to each point of the local patch via a binary classifier in the end. Then we use multi-task optimization to train the normal estimation and local plane classification tasks simultaneously.Also, to integrate the advantages of multi-scale results, a scale selection strategy is adopted, which is a data-driven approach for selecting the optimal scale around each point and encourages subnetwork specialization. Specifically, we employed a subnetwork called Scale Estimation Network to extract scale weight information from multi-scale features. More analysis is given about the relations between noise levels, local boundary, and scales in the experiment. These relationships can be a better guide to choosing particular scales for a particular model. Besides, the experimental result shows that our network can distinguish the points on the fitting plane accurately and this can be used to guide the normal estimation and our multi-scale method can improve the results well. Compared to some state-of-the-art surface normal estimators, our method is robust to noise and can achieve competitive results. 
