# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 10 Oct 2019
### 1.Unaligned Image-to-Sequence Transformation with Loop Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04149.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of modeling sequential visual phenomena. Given examples of a phenomena that can be divided into discrete time steps, we aim to take an input from any such time and realize this input at all other time steps in the sequence. Furthermore, we aim to do this without ground-truth aligned sequences -- avoiding the difficulties needed for gathering aligned data. This generalizes the unpaired image-to-image problem from generating pairs to generating sequences. We extend cycle consistency to loop consistency and alleviate difficulties associated with learning in the resulting long chains of computation. We show competitive results compared to existing image-to-image techniques when modeling several different data sets including the Earth's seasons and aging of human faces. 
### 2.Next integrated result modelling for stopping the text field recognition process in a video using a result model with per-character alternatives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04107.pdf)
>  In the field of document analysis and recognition using mobile devices for capturing, and the field of object recognition in a video stream, an important problem is determining the time when the capturing process should be stopped. Efficient stopping influences not only the total time spent for performing recognition and data entry, but the expected accuracy of the result as well. This paper is directed on extending the stopping method based on next integrated recognition result modelling, in order for it to be used within a string result recognition model with per-character alternatives. The stopping method and notes on its extension are described, and experimental evaluation is performed on an open dataset MIDV-500. The method was compares with previously published methods based on input observations clustering. The obtained results indicate that the stopping method based on the next integrated result modelling allows to achieve higher accuracy, even when compared with the best achievable configuration of the competing methods. 
### 3.Vehicle Re-identification with Viewpoint-aware Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04104.pdf)
>  This paper considers vehicle re-identification (re-ID) problem. The extreme viewpoint variation (up to 180 degrees) poses great challenges for existing approaches. Inspired by the behavior in human's recognition process, we propose a novel viewpoint-aware metric learning approach. It learns two metrics for similar viewpoints and different viewpoints in two feature spaces, respectively, giving rise to viewpoint-aware network (VANet). During training, two types of constraints are applied jointly. During inference, viewpoint is firstly estimated and the corresponding metric is used. Experimental results confirm that VANet significantly improves re-ID accuracy, especially when the pair is observed from different viewpoints. Our method establishes the new state-of-the-art on two benchmarks. 
### 4.3D Manhattan Room Layout Reconstruction from a Single 360 Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04099.pdf)
>  Recent approaches for predicting layouts from 360 panoramas produce excellent results. These approaches build on a common framework consisting of three steps: a pre-processing step based on edge-based alignment, prediction of layout elements, and a post-processing step by fitting a 3D layout to the layout elements. Until now, it has been difficult to compare the methods due to multiple different design decisions, such as the encoding network (e.g. SegNet or ResNet), type of elements predicted (e.g. corners, wall/floor boundaries, or semantic segmentation), or method of fitting the 3D layout. To address this challenge, we summarize and describe the common framework, the variants, and the impact of the design decisions. For a complete evaluation, we also propose extended annotations for the Matterport3D dataset, and introduce two depth-based evaluation metrics. 
### 5.Patch Refinement -- Localized 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04093.pdf)
>  We introduce Patch Refinement a two-stage model for accurate 3D object detection and localization from point cloud data. Patch Refinement is composed of two independently trained Voxelnet-based networks, a Region Proposal Network (RPN) and a Local Refinement Network (LRN). We decompose the detection task into a preliminary Bird's Eye View (BEV) detection step and a local 3D detection step. Based on the proposed BEV locations by the RPN, we extract small point cloud subsets ("patches"), which are then processed by the LRN, which is less limited by memory constraints due to the small area of each patch. Therefore, we can apply encoding with a higher voxel resolution locally. The independence of the LRN enables the use of additional augmentation techniques and allows for an efficient, regression focused training as it uses only a small fraction of each scene. Evaluated on the KITTI 3D object detection benchmark, our submission from January 28, 2019, outperformed all previous entries on all three difficulties of the class car, using only 50 % of the available training data and only LiDAR information. 
### 6.FisheyeDistanceNet: Self-Supervised Scale-Aware Distance Estimation using Monocular Fisheye Camera for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04076.pdf)
>  Fisheye cameras are commonly used in applications like autonomous driving and surveillance to provide a large field of view ($&gt;180^\circ$). However, they come at the cost of strong non-linear distortion which require more complex algorithms. In this paper, we explore Euclidean distance estimation on fisheye cameras for automotive scenes. Obtaining accurate and dense depth supervision is difficult in practice, but self-supervised learning approaches show promising results and could potentially overcome the problem. We present a novel self-supervised scale-aware framework for learning Euclidean distance and ego-motion from raw monocular fisheye videos without applying rectification. While it is possible to perform piece-wise linear approximation of fisheye projection surface and apply standard rectilinear models, it has its own set of issues like re-sampling distortion and discontinuities in transition regions. To encourage further research in this area, we will release this dataset as part of our WoodScape project \cite{yogamani2019woodscape}. We further evaluated the proposed algorithm on the KITTI dataset and obtained state-of-the-art results comparable to other self-supervised monocular methods. Qualitative results on an unseen fisheye video demonstrate impressive performance, see <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/Sgq1WzoOmXg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 7.BIAS: Transparent reporting of biomedical image analysis challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04071.pdf)
>  The number of biomedical image analysis challenges organized per year is steadily increasing. These international competitions have the purpose of benchmarking algorithms on common data sets, typically to identify the best method for a given problem. Recent research, however, revealed that common practice related to challenge reporting does not allow for adequate interpretation and reproducibility of results. To address the discrepancy between the impact of challenges and the quality (control), the Biomedical I mage Analysis ChallengeS (BIAS) initiative developed a set of recommendations for the reporting of challenges. The BIAS statement aims to improve the transparency of the reporting of a biomedical image analysis challenge regardless of field of application, image modality or task category assessed. This article describes how the BIAS statement was developed and presents a checklist which authors of biomedical image analysis challenges are encouraged to include in their submission when giving a paper on a challenge into review. The purpose of the checklist is to standardize and facilitate the review process and raise interpretability and reproducibility of challenge results by making relevant information explicit. 
### 8.Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Multi-modal Image Restoration and Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04066.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel deep convolutional neural network to solve the general multi-modal image restoration (MIR) and multi-modal image fusion (MIF) problems. Different from other methods based on deep learning, our network architecture is designed by drawing inspirations from a new proposed multi-modal convolutional sparse coding (MCSC) model. The key feature of the proposed network is that it can automatically split the common information shared among different modalities, from the unique information that belongs to each single modality, and is therefore denoted with CU-Net, i.e., Common and Unique information splitting network. Specifically, the CU-Net is composed of three modules, i.e., the unique feature extraction module (UFEM), common feature preservation module (CFPM), and image reconstruction module (IRM). The architecture of each module is derived from the corresponding part in the MCSC model, which consists of several learned convolutional sparse coding (LCSC) blocks. Extensive numerical results verify the effectiveness of our method on a variety of MIR and MIF tasks, including RGB guided depth image super-resolution, flash guided non-flash image denoising, multi-focus and multi-exposure image fusion. 
### 9.Person re-identification based on Res2Net network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04061.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) has been gaining in popularity in the research community owing to its numerous applications and growing importance in the surveillance industry. Person re-ID remains challenging due to significant intra-class variations across different cameras. In this paper, we propose a multi-task network that simultaneously computes the identification loss and verification loss. Given a pair of input images, the network predicts the identities of the two input images and whether they belong to the same identity. In order to obtain deeper feature information of pedestrians, we propose to use the latest Res2Net network for feature extraction. Experiments on several large-scale person re-ID benchmark datasets demonstrate the accuracy of our approach. For example, rank-1 accuracies are 82.67% (+0.51) and 92.93% (+0.21) for the DukeMTMC and Market-1501 datasets, respectively. The proposed method shows encouraging improvements compared with state-of-the-art methods. 
### 10.MIDV-2019: Challenges of the modern mobile-based document OCR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04009.pdf)
>  Recognition of identity documents using mobile devices has become a topic of a wide range of computer vision research. The portfolio of methods and algorithms for solving such tasks as face detection, document detection and rectification, text field recognition, and other, is growing, and the scarcity of datasets has become an important issue. One of the openly accessible datasets for evaluating such methods is MIDV-500, containing video clips of 50 identity document types in various conditions. However, the variability of capturing conditions in MIDV-500 did not address some of the key issues, mainly significant projective distortions and different lighting conditions. In this paper we present a MIDV-2019 dataset, containing video clips shot with modern high-resolution mobile cameras, with strong projective distortions and with low lighting conditions. The description of the added data is presented, and experimental baselines for text field recognition in different conditions. The dataset is available for download at <a class="link-external link-ftp" href="ftp://smartengines.com/midv-500/extra/midv-2019/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this ftp URL</a>. 
### 11.Semantic Understanding of Foggy Scenes with Purely Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03997.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of semantic scene understanding under foggy road conditions. Although marked progress has been made in semantic scene understanding over the recent years, it is mainly concentrated on clear weather outdoor scenes. Extending semantic segmentation methods to adverse weather conditions like fog is crucially important for outdoor applications such as self-driving cars. In this paper, we propose a novel method, which uses purely synthetic data to improve the performance on unseen real-world foggy scenes captured in the streets of Zurich and its surroundings. Our results highlight the potential and power of photo-realistic synthetic images for training and especially fine-tuning deep neural nets. Our contributions are threefold, 1) we created a purely synthetic, high-quality foggy dataset of 25,000 unique outdoor scenes, that we call Foggy Synscapes and plan to release publicly 2) we show that with this data we outperform previous approaches on real-world foggy test data 3) we show that a combination of our data and previously used data can even further improve the performance on real-world foggy data. 
### 12.Multiple Kernel Fisher Discriminant Metric Learning for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03923.pdf)
>  Person re-identification addresses the problem of matching pedestrian images across disjoint camera views. Design of feature descriptor and distance metric learning are the two fundamental tasks in person re-identification. In this paper, we propose a metric learning framework for person re-identification, where the discriminative metric space is learned using Kernel Fisher Discriminant Analysis (KFDA), to simultaneously maximize the inter-class variance as well as minimize the intra-class variance. We derive a Mahalanobis metric induced by KFDA and argue that KFDA is efficient to be applied for metric learning in person re-identification. We also show how the efficiency of KFDA in metric learning can be further enhanced for person re-identification by using two simple yet efficient multiple kernel learning methods. We conduct extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets for person re-identification and demonstrate that the proposed approaches have competitive performance with state-of-the-art methods. 
### 13.Learning to Generalize One Sample at a Time with Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03915.pdf)
>  Although deep networks have significantly increased the performance of visual recognition methods, it is still challenging to achieve the robustness across visual domains that is necessary for real-world applications. To tackle this issue, research on domain adaptation and generalization has flourished over the last decade. An important aspect to consider when assessing the work done in the literature so far is the amount of data annotation necessary for training each approach, both at the source and target level. In this paper we argue that the data annotation overload should be minimal, as it is costly. Hence, we propose to use self-supervised learning to achieve domain generalization and adaptation. We consider learning regularities from non annotated data as an auxiliary task, and cast the problem within an Auxiliary Learning principled framework. Moreover, we suggest to further exploit the ability to learn about visual domains from non annotated images by learning from target data while testing, as data are presented to the algorithm one sample at a time. Results on three different scenarios confirm the value of our approach. 
### 14.Skin Lesion Classification Using Ensembles of Multi-Resolution EfficientNets with Meta Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03910.pdf)
>  In this paper, we describe our method for the ISIC 2019 Skin Lesion Classification Challenge. The challenge comes with two tasks. For task 1, skin lesions have to be classified based on dermoscopic images. For task 2, dermoscopic images and additional patient meta data have to be used. A diverse dataset of 25000 images was provided for training, containing images from eight classes. The final test set contains an additional, unknown class. We address this challenging problem with a simple, data driven approach by including external data with skin lesions types that are not present in the training set. Furthermore, multi-class skin lesion classification comes with the problem of severe class imbalance. We try to overcome this problem by using loss balancing. Also, the dataset contains images with very different resolutions. We take care of this property by considering different model input resolutions and different cropping strategies. To incorporate meta data such as age, anatomical site, and sex, we use an additional dense neural network and fuse its features with the CNN. We aggregate all our models with an ensembling strategy where we search for the optimal subset of models. Our best ensemble achieves a balanced accuracy of 74.2% using five-fold cross-validation. On the official test set our method is ranked first for both tasks with a balanced accuracy of 63.6% for task 1 and 63.4% for task 2. 
### 15.A Semi-Supervised Maximum Margin Metric Learning Approach for Small Scale Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03905.pdf)
>  In video surveillance, person re-identification is the task of searching person images in non-overlapping cameras. Though supervised methods for person re-identification have attained impressive performance, obtaining large scale cross-view labeled training data is very expensive. However, unlabelled data is available in abundance. In this paper, we propose a semi-supervised metric learning approach that can utilize information in unlabelled data with the help of a few labelled training samples. We also address the small sample size problem that inherently occurs due to the few labeled training data. Our method learns a discriminative space where within class samples collapse to singular points, achieving the least within class variance, and then use a maximum margin criterion over a high dimensional kernel space to maximally separate the distinct class samples. A maximum margin criterion with two levels of high dimensional mappings to kernel space is used to obtain better cross-view discrimination of the identities. Cross-view affinity learning with reciprocal nearest neighbor constraints is used to mine new pseudo-classes from the unlabelled data and update the distance metric iteratively. We attain state-of-the-art performance on four challenging datasets with a large margin. 
### 16.MixMatch Domain Adaptaion: Prize-winning solution for both tracks of VisDA 2019 challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03903.pdf)
>  We present a domain adaptation (DA) system that can be used in multi-source and semi-supervised settings. Using the proposed method we achieved 2nd place on multi-source track and 3rd place on semi-supervised track of the VisDA 2019 challenge (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://ai.bu.edu/visda-2019/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>). The source code of the method is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/filaPro/visda2019" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.Fast Panoptic Segmentation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03892.pdf)
>  In this work, we present an end-to-end network for fast panoptic segmentation. This network, called Fast Panoptic Segmentation Network (FPSNet), does not require computationally costly instance mask predictions or merging heuristics. This is achieved by casting the panoptic task into a custom dense pixel-wise classification task, which assigns a class label or an instance id to each pixel. We evaluate FPSNet on the Cityscapes and Pascal VOC datasets, and find that FPSNet is faster than existing panoptic segmentation methods, while achieving better or similar panoptic segmentation performance. On the Cityscapes validation set, we achieve a Panoptic Quality score of 55.1%, at prediction times of 114 milliseconds for images with a resolution of 1024x2048 pixels. For lower resolutions of the Cityscapes dataset and for the Pascal VOC dataset, FPSNet runs at 22 and 35 frames per second, respectively. 
### 18.SNIDER: Single Noisy Image Denoising and Rectification for Improving License Plate Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03876.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an algorithm for real-world license plate recognition (LPR) from a low-quality image. Our method is built upon a framework that includes denoising and rectification, and each task is conducted by Convolutional Neural Networks. Existing denoising and rectification have been treated separately as a single network in previous research. In contrast to the previous work, we here propose an end-to-end trainable network for image recovery, Single Noisy Image DEnoising and Rectification (SNIDER), which focuses on solving both the problems jointly. It overcomes those obstacles by designing a novel network to address the denoising and rectification jointly. Moreover, we propose a way to leverage optimization with the auxiliary tasks for multi-task fitting and novel training losses. Extensive experiments on two challenging LPR datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method in recovering the high-quality license plate image from the low-quality one and show that the the proposed method outperforms other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 19.Intention Recognition of Pedestrians and Cyclists by 2D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03858.pdf)
>  Anticipating the intentions of vulnerable road users (VRUs) such as pedestrians and cyclists is critical for performing safe and comfortable driving maneuvers. This is the case for human driving and, thus, should be taken into account by systems providing any level of driving assistance, from advanced driver assistant systems (ADAS) to fully autonomous vehicles (AVs). In this paper, we show how the latest advances on monocular vision-based human pose estimation, i.e. those relying on deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), enable to recognize the intentions of such VRUs. In the case of cyclists, we assume that they follow traffic rules to indicate future maneuvers with arm signals. In the case of pedestrians, no indications can be assumed. Instead, we hypothesize that the walking pattern of a pedestrian allows to determine if he/she has the intention of crossing the road in the path of the ego-vehicle, so that the ego-vehicle must maneuver accordingly (e.g. slowing down or stopping). In this paper, we show how the same methodology can be used for recognizing pedestrians and cyclists' intentions. For pedestrians, we perform experiments on the JAAD dataset. For cyclists, we did not found an analogous dataset, thus, we created our own one by acquiring and annotating videos which we share with the research community. Overall, the proposed pipeline provides new state-of-the-art results on the intention recognition of VRUs. 
### 20.Semantic-aware Image Deblurring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03853.pdf)
>  Image deblurring has achieved exciting progress in recent years. However, traditional methods fail to deblur severely blurred images, where semantic contents appears ambiguously. In this paper, we conduct image deblurring guided by the semantic contents inferred from image captioning. Specially, we propose a novel Structured-Spatial Semantic Embedding model for image deblurring (termed S3E-Deblur), which introduces a novel Structured-Spatial Semantic tree model (S3-tree) to bridge two basic tasks in computer vision: image deblurring (ImD) and image captioning (ImC). In particular, S3-tree captures and represents the semantic contents in structured spatial features in ImC, and then embeds the spatial features of the tree nodes into GAN based ImD. Co-training on S3-tree, ImC, and ImD is conducted to optimize the overall model in a multi-task end-to-end manner. Extensive experiments on severely blurred MSCOCO and GoPro datasets demonstrate the significant superiority of S3E-Deblur compared to the state-of-the-arts on both ImD and ImC tasks. 
### 21.Learning deep forest with multi-scale Local Binary Pattern features for face anti-spoofing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03850.pdf)
>  Face Anti-Spoofing (FAS) is significant for the security of face recognition systems. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been introduced to the field of the FAS and have achieved competitive performance. However, CNN-based methods are vulnerable to the adversarial attack. Attackers could generate adversarial-spoofing examples to circumvent a CNN-based face liveness detector. Studies about the transferability of the adversarial attack reveal that utilizing handcrafted feature-based methods could improve security in a system-level. Therefore, handcrafted feature-based methods are worth our exploration. In this paper, we introduce the deep forest, which is proposed as an alternative towards CNNs by Zhou et al., in the problem of the FAS. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt at exploiting the deep forest in the problem of FAS. Moreover, we propose to re-devise the representation constructing by using LBP descriptors rather than the Grained-Scanning Mechanism in the original scheme. Our method achieves competitive results. On the benchmark database IDIAP REPLAY-ATTACK, 0\% Equal Error Rate (EER) is achieved. This work provides a competitive option in a fusing scheme for improving system-level security and offers important ideas to those who want to explore methods besides CNNs. 
### 22.View Confusion Feature Learning for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03849.pdf)
>  Person re-identification is an important task in video surveillance that aims to associate people across camera views at different locations and time. View variability is always a challenging problem seriously degrading person re-identification performance. Most of the existing methods either focus on how to learn view invariant feature or how to combine view-wise features. In this paper, we mainly focus on how to learn view-invariant features by getting rid of view specific information through a view confusion learning mechanism. Specifically, we propose an end-toend trainable framework, called View Confusion Feature Learning (VCFL), for person Re-ID across cameras. To the best of our knowledge, VCFL is originally proposed to learn view-invariant identity-wise features, and it is a kind of combination of view-generic and view-specific methods. Classifiers and feature centers are utilized to achieve view confusion. Furthermore, we extract sift-guided features by using bag-of-words model to help supervise the training of deep networks and enhance the view invariance of features. In experiments, our approach is validated on three benchmark datasets including CUHK01, CUHK03, and MARKET1501, which show the superiority of the proposed method over several state-of-the-art approaches 
### 23.Gradient Information Guided Deraining with A Novel Network and Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03839.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning based methods have made significant progress in rain-removing. However, the existing methods usually do not have good generalization ability, which leads to the fact that almost all of existing methods have a satisfied performance on removing a specific type of rain streaks, but may have a relatively poor performance on other types of rain streaks. In this paper, aiming at removing multiple types of rain streaks from single images, we propose a novel deraining framework (GRASPP-GAN), which has better generalization capacity. Specifically, a modified ResNet-18 which extracts the deep features of rainy images and a revised ASPP structure which adapts to the various shapes and sizes of rain streaks are composed together to form the backbone of our deraining network. Taking the more prominent characteristics of rain streaks in the gradient domain into consideration, a gradient loss is introduced to help to supervise our deraining training process, for which, a Sobel convolution layer is built to extract the gradient information flexibly. To further boost the performance, an adversarial learning scheme is employed for the first time to train the proposed network. Extensive experiments on both real-world and synthetic datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art deraining methods quantitatively and qualitatively. In addition, without any modifications, our proposed framework also achieves good visual performance on dehazing. 
### 24.Exploring Hate Speech Detection in Multimodal Publications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03814.pdf)
>  In this work we target the problem of hate speech detection in multimodal publications formed by a text and an image. We gather and annotate a large scale dataset from Twitter, MMHS150K, and propose different models that jointly analyze textual and visual information for hate speech detection, comparing them with unimodal detection. We provide quantitative and qualitative results and analyze the challenges of the proposed task. We find that, even though images are useful for the hate speech detection task, current multimodal models cannot outperform models analyzing only text. We discuss why and open the field and the dataset for further research. 
### 25.ExpertMatcher: Automating ML Model Selection for Clients using Hidden Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03731.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been the development of Split Learning, a framework for distributed computation where model components are split between the client and server (Vepakomma et al., 2018b). As Split Learning scales to include many different model components, there needs to be a method of matching client-side model components with the best server-side model components. A solution to this problem was introduced in the ExpertMatcher (Sharma et al., 2019) framework, which uses autoencoders to match raw data to models. In this work, we propose an extension of ExpertMatcher, where matching can be performed without the need to share the client's raw data representation. The technique is applicable to situations where there are local clients and centralized expert ML models, but the sharing of raw data is constrained. 
### 26.NADS-Net: A Nimble Architecture for Driver and Seat Belt Detection via Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03695.pdf)
>  A new convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture for 2D driver/passenger pose estimation and seat belt detection is proposed in this paper. The new architecture is more nimble and thus more suitable for in-vehicle monitoring tasks compared to other generic pose estimation algorithms. The new architecture, named NADS-Net, utilizes the feature pyramid network (FPN) backbone with multiple detection heads to achieve the optimal performance for driver/passenger state detection tasks. The new architecture is validated on a new data set containing video clips of 100 drivers in 50 driving sessions that are collected for this study. The detection performance is analyzed under different demographic, appearance, and illumination conditions. The results presented in this paper may provide meaningful insights for the autonomous driving research community and automotive industry for future algorithm development and data collection. 
### 27.Bias-Resilient Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03676.pdf)
>  Presence of bias and confounding effects is inarguably one of the most critical challenges in machine learning applications that has alluded to pivotal debates in the recent years. Such challenges range from spurious associations of confounding variables in medical studies to the bias of race in gender or face recognition systems. One solution is to enhance datasets and organize them such that they do not reflect biases, which is a cumbersome and intensive task. The alternative is to make use of available data and build models considering these biases. Traditional statistical methods apply straightforward techniques such as residualization or stratification to precomputed features to account for confounding variables. However, these techniques are generally not suitable for end-to-end deep learning methods. In this paper, we propose a method based on the adversarial training strategy to learn discriminative features unbiased and invariant to the confounder(s). This is enabled by incorporating a new adversarial loss function that encourages a vanished correlation between the bias and learned features. We apply our method to synthetic data, medical images, and a gender classification (Gender Shades Pilot Parliaments Benchmark) dataset. Our results show that the learned features by our method not only result in superior prediction performance but also are uncorrelated with the bias or confounder variables. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/QingyuZhao/BR-Net/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 28.REFUGE Challenge: A Unified Framework for Evaluating Automated Methods for Glaucoma Assessment from Fundus Photographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03667.pdf)
>  Glaucoma is one of the leading causes of irreversible but preventable blindness in working age populations. Color fundus photography (CFP) is the most cost-effective imaging modality to screen for retinal disorders. However, its application to glaucoma has been limited to the computation of a few related biomarkers such as the vertical cup-to-disc ratio. Deep learning approaches, although widely applied for medical image analysis, have not been extensively used for glaucoma assessment due to the limited size of the available data sets. Furthermore, the lack of a standardize benchmark strategy makes difficult to compare existing methods in a uniform way. In order to overcome these issues we set up the Retinal Fundus Glaucoma Challenge, REFUGE (\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://refuge.grand-challenge.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}), held in conjunction with MICCAI 2018. The challenge consisted of two primary tasks, namely optic disc/cup segmentation and glaucoma classification. As part of REFUGE, we have publicly released a data set of 1200 fundus images with ground truth segmentations and clinical glaucoma labels, currently the largest existing one. We have also built an evaluation framework to ease and ensure fairness in the comparison of different models, encouraging the development of novel techniques in the field. 12 teams qualified and participated in the online challenge. This paper summarizes their methods and analyzes their corresponding results. In particular, we observed that two of the top-ranked teams outperformed two human experts in the glaucoma classification task. Furthermore, the segmentation results were in general consistent with the ground truth annotations, with complementary outcomes that can be further exploited by ensembling the results. 
### 29.Meta-Transfer Learning through Hard Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03648.pdf)
>  Meta-learning has been proposed as a framework to address the challenging few-shot learning setting. The key idea is to leverage a large number of similar few-shot tasks in order to learn how to adapt a base-learner to a new task for which only a few labeled samples are available. As deep neural networks (DNNs) tend to overfit using a few samples only, typical meta-learning models use shallow neural networks, thus limiting its effectiveness. In order to achieve top performance, some recent works tried to use the DNNs pre-trained on large-scale datasets but mostly in straight-forward manners, e.g., (1) taking their weights as a warm start of meta-training, and (2) freezing their convolutional layers as the feature extractor of base-learners. In this paper, we propose a novel approach called meta-transfer learning (MTL) which learns to transfer the weights of a deep NN for few-shot learning tasks. Specifically, meta refers to training multiple tasks, and transfer is achieved by learning scaling and shifting functions of DNN weights for each task. In addition, we introduce the hard task (HT) meta-batch scheme as an effective learning curriculum that further boosts the learning efficiency of MTL. We conduct few-shot learning experiments and report top performance for five-class few-shot recognition tasks on three challenging benchmarks: miniImageNet, tieredImageNet and Fewshot-CIFAR100 (FC100). Extensive comparisons to related works validate that our MTL approach trained with the proposed HT meta-batch scheme achieves top performance. An ablation study also shows that both components contribute to fast convergence and high accuracy. 
### 30.Prose for a Painting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03634.pdf)
>  Painting captions are often dry and simplistic which motivates us to describe a painting creatively in the style of Shakespearean prose. This is a difficult problem, since there does not exist a large supervised dataset from paintings to Shakespearean prose. Our solution is to use an intermediate English poem description of the painting and then apply language style transfer which results in Shakespearean prose describing the painting. We rate our results by human evaluation on a Likert scale, and evaluate the quality of language style transfer using BLEU score as a function of prose length. We demonstrate the applicability and limitations of our approach by generating Shakespearean prose for famous paintings. We make our models and code publicly available. 
### 31.Detection and Identification of Objects and Humans in Thermal Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03617.pdf)
>  Intelligent detecting processing capabilities can be instrumental to improving safety and efficiency for firefighters and victims during firefighting activities. The objective of this research, is to create an automated system that is capable of real-time object detection and recognition that improves the situational awareness of firefighters on the scene. We have explored state of the art Machine Learning (ML) techniques to achieve this objective. The goal for this work is to maximize the situational awareness for fire-fighters by effectively exploiting the information gathered from the infrared camera and use a trained deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) system to classify and identify objects of interest in real time. In the midst of such critical circumstances created by a fire, this system is able to accurately inform the decision making process of firefighters in real time by extracting crucial information for processing. It is then able to make inferences about these circumstances to aid firefighters in safely navigating such hazardous and catastrophic environments. 
### 32.Graph-based Spatial-temporal Feature Learning for Neuromorphic Vision Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03579.pdf)
>  Neuromorphic vision sensing (NVS) allows for significantly higher event sampling rates at substantially increased energy efficiency and robustness to illumination changes. However, feature representation for NVS is far behind the APS-based counterparts, resulting in lower performance in high-level computer vision tasks. To fully utilize the sparse and asynchronous nature, we propose a compact graph representation for NVS, which allows for end-to-end learning with graph convolution neural networks. We couple this with a novel end-to-end feature learning framework that accommodates both appearance-based and motion-based tasks. The core of framework comprises a spatial feature learning module, which utilizes our proposed residual-graph CNN (RG-CNN), for end-to-end learning of appearance-based features directly from graphs. We extend this with our proposed Graph2Grid block and temporal feature learning module for efficiently modelling temporal dependencies over multiple graphs and a long temporal extent. We show that performance of this framework generalizes to both object classification and action recognition, which, importantly, preserves the spatial and temporal coherence of spike events, while requiring less computation and memory. The experimental validation shows that our framework show that our proposed framework outperforms all recent methods on standard datasets. Finally, to address the absence of large real-world NVS datasets for complex recognition tasks, we introduce, evaluate and make available a 100k dataset of NVS recordings of the American Sign Language letters (ASL_DVS) acquired with an iniLabs DAVIS240c device under real-world conditions, as well as a neuromorphic action recognition dataset (UCF101_DVS and HMDB51_DVS) recorded from monitor. 
### 33.Imagined Value Gradients: Model-Based Policy Optimization with Transferable Latent Dynamics Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04142.pdf)
>  Humans are masters at quickly learning many complex tasks, relying on an approximate understanding of the dynamics of their environments. In much the same way, we would like our learning agents to quickly adapt to new tasks. In this paper, we explore how model-based Reinforcement Learning (RL) can facilitate transfer to new tasks. We develop an algorithm that learns an action-conditional, predictive model of expected future observations, rewards and values from which a policy can be derived by following the gradient of the estimated value along imagined trajectories. We show how robust policy optimization can be achieved in robot manipulation tasks even with approximate models that are learned directly from vision and proprioception. We evaluate the efficacy of our approach in a transfer learning scenario, re-using previously learned models on tasks with different reward structures and visual distractors, and show a significant improvement in learning speed compared to strong off-policy baselines. Videos with results can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/ivg-corl19" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 34.Wavelet Domain Style Transfer for an Effective Perception-distortion Tradeoff in Single Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04074.pdf)
>  In single image super-resolution (SISR), given a low-resolution (LR) image, one wishes to find a high-resolution (HR) version of it which is both accurate and photo-realistic. Recently, it has been shown that there exists a fundamental tradeoff between low distortion and high perceptual quality, and the generative adversarial network (GAN) is demonstrated to approach the perception-distortion (PD) bound effectively. In this paper, we propose a novel method based on wavelet domain style transfer (WDST), which achieves a better PD tradeoff than the GAN based methods. Specifically, we propose to use 2D stationary wavelet transform (SWT) to decompose one image into low-frequency and high-frequency sub-bands. For the low-frequency sub-band, we improve its objective quality through an enhancement network. For the high-frequency sub-band, we propose to use WDST to effectively improve its perceptual quality. By feat of the perfect reconstruction property of wavelets, these sub-bands can be re-combined to obtain an image which has simultaneously high objective and perceptual quality. The numerical results on various datasets show that our method achieves the best trade-off between the distortion and perceptual quality among the existing state-of-the-art SISR methods. 
### 35.Cribriform pattern detection in prostate histopathological images using deep learning models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04030.pdf)
>  Architecture, size, and shape of glands are most important patterns used by pathologists for assessment of cancer malignancy in prostate histopathological tissue slides. Varying structures of glands along with cumbersome manual observations may result in subjective and inconsistent assessment. Cribriform gland with irregular border is an important feature in Gleason pattern 4. We propose using deep neural networks for cribriform pattern classification in prostate histopathological images. $163708$ Hematoxylin and Eosin (H\&amp;E) stained images were extracted from histopathologic tissue slides of $19$ patients with prostate cancer and annotated for cribriform patterns. Our automated image classification system analyses the H\&amp;E images to classify them as either `Cribriform' or `Non-cribriform'. Our system uses various deep learning approaches and hand-crafted image pixel intensity-based features. We present our results for cribriform pattern detection across various parameters and configuration allowed by our system. The combination of fine-tuned deep learning models outperformed the state-of-art nuclei feature based methods. Our image classification system achieved the testing accuracy of $85.93~\pm~7.54$ (cross-validated) and $88.04~\pm~5.63$ ( additional unseen test set) across three folds. In this paper, we present an annotated cribriform dataset along with analysis of deep learning models and hand-crafted features for cribriform pattern detection in prostate histopathological images. 
### 36.Did you miss it? Automatic lung nodule detection combined with gaze information improves radiologists' screening performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03986.pdf)
>  Early diagnosis of lung cancer via computed tomography can significantly reduce the morbidity and mortality rates associated with the pathology. However, search lung nodules is a high complexity task, which affects the success of screening programs. Whilst computer-aided detection systems can be used as second observers, they may bias radiologists and introduce significant time overheads. With this in mind, this study assesses the potential of using gaze information for integrating automatic detection systems in the clinical practice. For that purpose, 4 radiologists were asked to annotate 20 scans from a public dataset while being monitored by an eye tracker device and an automatic lung nodule detection system was developed. Our results show that radiologists follow a similar search routine and tend to have lower fixation periods in regions where finding errors occur. The overall detection sensitivity of the specialists was 0.67$\pm$0.07, whereas the system achieved 0.69. Combining the annotations of one radiologist with the automatic system significantly improves the detection performance to similar levels of two annotators. Likewise, combining the findings of radiologist with the detection algorithm only for low fixation regions still significantly improves the detection sensitivity without increasing the number of false-positives. The combination of the automatic system with the gaze information allows to mitigate possible errors of the radiologist without some of the issues usually associated with automatic detection system. 
### 37.Towards Learning to Detect and Predict Contact Events on Vision-based Tactile Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03973.pdf)
>  In essence, successful grasp boils down to correct responses to multiple contact events between fingertips and objects. In most scenarios, tactile sensing is adequate to distinguish contact events. Due to the nature of high dimensionality of tactile information, classifying spatiotemporal tactile signals using conventional model-based methods is difficult. In this work, we propose to predict and classify tactile signal using deep learning methods, seeking to enhance the adaptability of the robotic grasp system to external event changes that may lead to grasping failure. We develop a deep learning framework and collect 6650 tactile image sequences with a vision-based tactile sensor, and the neural network is integrated into a contact-event-based robotic grasping system. In grasping experiments, we achieved 52% increase in terms of object lifting success rate with contact detection, significantly higher robustness under unexpected loads with slip prediction compared with open-loop grasps, demonstrating that integration of the proposed framework into robotic grasping system substantially improves picking success rate and capability to withstand external disturbances. 
### 38.FastSurfer -- A fast and accurate deep learning based neuroimaging pipeline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03866.pdf)
>  Traditional neuroimage analysis pipelines involve computationally intensive, time-consuming optimization steps, and thus, do not scale well to large cohort studies with thousands or tens of thousands of individuals. In this work we propose a fast and accurate deep learning based neuroimaging pipeline for the automated processing of structural human brain MRI scans, including surface reconstruction and cortical parcellation. To this end, we introduce an advanced deep learning architecture capable of whole brain segmentation into 95 classes in under 1 minute, mimicking FreeSurfer's anatomical segmentation and cortical parcellation. The network architecture incorporates local and global competition via competitive dense blocks and competitive skip pathways, as well as multi-slice information aggregation that specifically tailor network performance towards accurate segmentation of both cortical and sub-cortical structures. Further, we perform fast cortical surface reconstruction and thickness analysis by introducing a spectral spherical embedding and by directly mapping the cortical labels from the image to the surface. This approach provides a full FreeSurfer alternative for volumetric analysis (within 1 minute) and surface-based thickness analysis (within only around 1h run time). For sustainability of this approach we perform extensive validation: we assert high segmentation accuracy on several unseen datasets, measure generalizability and demonstrate increased test-retest reliability, and increased sensitivity to disease effects relative to traditional FreeSurfer. 
### 39.Knowledge Induced Deep Q-Network for a Slide-to-Wall Object Grasping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03781.pdf)
>  In robotic grasping tasks, robots usually avoid any collisions with the environment and exclusively interact with the target objects. However, the environment can facilitate grasping rather than being obstacles. Indeed, interacting with the environment sometimes provides an alternative strategy when it is not possible to grasp from the top. One example of such tasks is the Slide-to-Wall grasping, where the target object needs to be pushed towards a wall before a feasible grasp can be applied. In this paper, we propose an approach that actively exploits the environment to grasp objects. We formulate the Slide-to-Wall grasping problem as a Markov Decision Process and propose a reinforcement learning approach. Though a standard Deep Q-Network (DQN) method is capable of solving MDP problems, it does not effectively generalize to unseen environment settings that are different from training. To tackle the generalization challenge, we propose a Knowledge Induced DQN (KI-DQN) that not only trains more effectively, but also outperforms the standard DQN significantly in testing cases with unseen walls, and can be directly tested on real robots without fine-tuning while DQN cannot. 
### 40.Large-scale Gastric Cancer Screening and Localization Using Multi-task Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03729.pdf)
>  Gastric cancer is one of the most common cancers, which ranks third among the leading causes of cancer death. Biopsy of gastric mucosal is a standard procedure in gastric cancer screening test. However, manual pathological inspection is labor-intensive and time-consuming. Besides, it is challenging for an automated algorithm to locate the small lesion regions in the gigapixel whole-slide image and make the decision correctly. To tackle these issues, we collected large-scale whole-slide image dataset with detailed lesion region annotation and designed a whole-slide image analyzing framework consisting of 3 networks which could not only determine the screen result but also present the suspicious areas to the pathologist for reference. Experiments demonstrated that our proposed framework achieves sensitivity of 97.05% and specificity of 92.72% in screening task and Dice coefficient of 0.8331 in segmentation task. Furthermore, we tested our best model in real-world scenario on 10, 316 whole-slide images collected from 4 medical centers. 
### 41.Bregman Proximal Framework for Deep Linear Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03638.pdf)
>  A typical assumption for the analysis of first order optimization methods is the Lipschitz continuity of the gradient of the objective function. However, for many practical applications this assumption is violated, including loss functions in deep learning. To overcome this issue, certain extensions based on generalized proximity measures known as Bregman distances were introduced. This initiated the development of the Bregman proximal gradient (BPG) algorithm and an inertial variant (momentum based) CoCaIn BPG, which however rely on problem dependent Bregman distances. In this paper, we develop Bregman distances for using BPG methods to train Deep Linear Neural Networks. The main implications of our results are strong convergence guarantees for these algorithms. We also propose several strategies for their efficient implementation, for example, closed form updates and a closed form expression for the inertial parameter of CoCaIn BPG. Moreover, the BPG method requires neither diminishing step sizes nor line search, unlike its corresponding Euclidean version. We numerically illustrate the competitiveness of the proposed methods compared to existing state of the art schemes. 
### 42.SmoothFool: An Efficient Framework for Computing Smooth Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.03624.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are susceptible to adversarial manipulations in the input domain. The extent of vulnerability has been explored intensively in cases of $\ell_p$-bounded and $\ell_p$-minimal adversarial perturbations. However, the vulnerability of DNNs to adversarial perturbations with specific statistical properties or frequency-domain characteristics has not been sufficiently explored. In this paper, we study the smoothness of perturbations and propose SmoothFool, a general and computationally efficient framework for computing smooth adversarial perturbations. Through extensive experiments, we validate the efficacy of the proposed method for both the white-box and black-box attack scenarios. In particular, we demonstrate that: (i) there exist extremely smooth adversarial perturbations for well-established and widely used network architectures, (ii) smoothness significantly enhances the robustness of perturbations against state-of-the-art defense mechanisms, (iii) smoothness improves the transferability of adversarial perturbations across both data points and network architectures, and (iv) class categories exhibit a variable range of susceptibility to smooth perturbations. Our results suggest that smooth APs can play a significant role in exploring the vulnerability extent of DNNs to adversarial examples. 
