# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 11 Oct 2019
### 1.Panoptic-DeepLab  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04751.pdf)
>  We present Panoptic-DeepLab, a bottom-up and single-shot approach for panoptic segmentation. Our Panoptic-DeepLab is conceptually simple and delivers state-of-the-art results. In particular, we adopt the dual-ASPP and dual-decoder structures specific to semantic, and instance segmentation, respectively. The semantic segmentation branch is the same as the typical design of any semantic segmentation model (e.g., DeepLab), while the instance segmentation branch is class-agnostic, involving a simple instance center regression. Our single Panoptic-DeepLab sets the new state-of-art at all three Cityscapes benchmarks, reaching 84.2% mIoU, 38.2% AP, and 65.5% PQ on test set, and advances results on the other challenging Mapillary Vista. 
### 2.Referring Expression Object Segmentation with Caption-Aware Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04748.pdf)
>  Referring expressions are natural language descriptions that identify a particular object within a scene and are widely used in our daily conversations. In this work, we focus on segmenting the object in an image specified by a referring expression. To this end, we propose an end-to-end trainable comprehension network that consists of the language and visual encoders to extract feature representations from both domains. We introduce the spatial-aware dynamic filters to transfer knowledge from text to image, and effectively capture the spatial information of the specified object. To better communicate between the language and visual modules, we employ a caption generation network that takes features shared across both domains as input, and improves both representations via a consistency that enforces the generated sentence to be similar to the given referring expression. We evaluate the proposed framework on two referring expression datasets and show that our method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art algorithms. 
### 3.CATER: A diagnostic dataset for Compositional Actions and TEmporal Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04744.pdf)
>  Computer vision has undergone a dramatic revolution in performance, driven in large part through deep features trained on large-scale supervised datasets. However, much of these improvements have focused on static image analysis; video understanding has seen rather modest improvements. Even though new datasets and spatiotemporal models have been proposed, simple frame-by-frame classification methods often still remain competitive. We posit that current video datasets are plagued with implicit biases over scene and object structure that can dwarf variations in temporal structure. In this work, we build a video dataset with fully observable and controllable object and scene bias, and which truly requires spatiotemporal understanding in order to be solved. Our dataset, named CATER, is rendered synthetically using a library of standard 3D objects, and tests the ability to recognize compositions of object movements that require long-term reasoning. In addition to being a challenging dataset, CATER also provides a plethora of diagnostic tools to analyze modern spatiotemporal video architectures by being completely observable and controllable. Using CATER, we provide insights into some of the most recent state of the art deep video architectures. 
### 4.MetaPix: Few-Shot Video Retargeting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04742.pdf)
>  We address the task of unsupervised retargeting of human actions from one video to another. We consider the challenging setting where only a few frames of the target is available. The core of our approach is a conditional generative model that can transcode input skeletal poses (automatically extracted with an off-the-shelf pose estimator) to output target frames. However, it is challenging to build a universal transcoder because humans can appear wildly different due to clothing and background scene geometry. Instead, we learn to adapt - or personalize - a universal generator to the particular human and background in the target. To do so, we make use of meta-learning to discover effective strategies for on-the-fly personalization. One significant benefit of meta-learning is that the personalized transcoder naturally enforces temporal coherence across its generated frames; all frames contain consistent clothing and background geometry of the target. We experiment on in-the-wild internet videos and images and show our approach improves over widely-used baselines for the task. 
### 5.AlignNet-3D: Fast Point Cloud Registration of Partially Observed Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04668.pdf)
>  Methods tackling multi-object tracking need to estimate the number of targets in the sensing area as well as to estimate their continuous state. While the majority of existing methods focus on data association, precise state (3D pose) estimation is often only coarsely estimated by approximating targets with centroids or (3D) bounding boxes. However, in automotive scenarios, motion perception of surrounding agents is critical and inaccuracies in the vehicle close-range can have catastrophic consequences. In this work, we focus on precise 3D track state estimation and propose a learning-based approach for object-centric relative motion estimation of partially observed objects. Instead of approximating targets with their centroids, our approach is capable of utilizing noisy 3D point segments of objects to estimate their motion. To that end, we propose a simple, yet effective and efficient network, \method, that learns to align point clouds. Our evaluation on two different datasets demonstrates that our method outperforms computationally expensive, global 3D registration methods while being significantly more efficient. We make our data, code, and models available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.vision.rwth-aachen.de/page/alignnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 6.Cross-modal knowledge distillation for action recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04641.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the problem how a network for action recognition that has been trained on a modality like RGB videos can be adapted to recognize actions for another modality like sequences of 3D human poses. To this end, we extract the knowledge of the trained teacher network for the source modality and transfer it to a small ensemble of student networks for the target modality. For the cross-modal knowledge distillation, we do not require any annotated data. Instead we use pairs of sequences of both modalities as supervision, which are straightforward to acquire. In contrast to previous works for knowledge distillation that use a KL-loss, we show that the cross-entropy loss together with mutual learning of a small ensemble of student networks performs better. In fact, the proposed approach for cross-modal knowledge distillation nearly achieves the accuracy of a student network trained with full supervision. 
### 7.Visual Indeterminacy in Generative Neural Art  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04639.pdf)
>  Why are GANs such powerful tools for making art? This essay argues that GAN art often exhibits visual indeterminacy, a term coined by Pepperrell. GANs cause visual indeterminacy by creating plausible compositions and textures that nonetheless defy coherent explanation, and these are the GAN images often used in recent artworks. Because visual indeterminacy can be understood as a perceptual process, GANs provide a potential tool for both art and for neuroscience experiments based on perceptual uncertainty modeling. 
### 8.Traned Rank Pruning for Efficient Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04576.pdf)
>  To accelerate DNNs inference, low-rank approximation has been widely adopted because of its solid theoretical rationale and efficient implementations. Several previous works attempted to directly approximate a pre-trained model by low-rank decomposition; however, small approximation errors in parameters can ripple over a large prediction loss. Apparently, it is not optimal to separate low-rank approximation from training. Unlike previous works, this paper integrates low rank approximation and regularization into the training process. We propose Trained Rank Pruning (TRP), which alternates between low rank approximation and training. TRP maintains the capacity of the original network while imposing low-rank constraints during training. A nuclear regularization optimized by stochastic sub-gradient descent is utilized to further promote low rank in TRP. Networks trained with TRP has a low-rank structure in nature, and is approximated with negligible performance loss, thus eliminating fine-tuning after low rank approximation. The proposed method is comprehensively evaluated on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet, outperforming previous compression counterparts using low rank approximation. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yuhuixu1993/Trained-Rank-Pruning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 9.Improving Pedestrian Attribute Recognition With Weakly-Supervised Multi-Scale Attribute-Specific Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04562.pdf)
>  Pedestrian attribute recognition has been an emerging research topic in the area of video surveillance. To predict the existence of a particular attribute, it is demanded to localize the regions related to the attribute. However, in this task, the region annotations are not available. How to carve out these attribute-related regions remains challenging. Existing methods applied attribute-agnostic visual attention or heuristic body-part localization mechanisms to enhance the local feature representations, while neglecting to employ attributes to define local feature areas. We propose a flexible Attribute Localization Module (ALM) to adaptively discover the most discriminative regions and learns the regional features for each attribute at multiple levels. Moreover, a feature pyramid architecture is also introduced to enhance the attribute-specific localization at low-levels with high-level semantic guidance. The proposed framework does not require additional region annotations and can be trained end-to-end with multi-level deep supervision. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results on three pedestrian attribute datasets, including PETA, RAP, and PA-100K. 
### 10.Semi-Supervised Variational Autoencoder for Survival Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04488.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a semi-supervised variational autoencoder for classification of overall survival groups from tumor segmentation masks. The model can use the output of any tumor segmentation algorithm, removing all assumptions on the scanning platform and the specific type of pulse sequences used, thereby increasing its generalization properties. Due to its semi-supervised nature, the method can learn to classify survival time by using a relatively small number of labeled subjects. We validate our model on the publicly available dataset from the Multimodal Brain Tumor Segmentation Challenge (BraTS) 2019. 
### 11.Searching for A Robust Neural Architecture in Four GPU Hours  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04465.pdf)
>  Conventional neural architecture search (NAS) approaches are based on reinforcement learning or evolutionary strategy, which take more than 3000 GPU hours to find a good model on CIFAR-10. We propose an efficient NAS approach learning to search by gradient descent. Our approach represents the search space as a directed acyclic graph (DAG). This DAG contains billions of sub-graphs, each of which indicates a kind of neural architecture. To avoid traversing all the possibilities of the sub-graphs, we develop a differentiable sampler over the DAG. This sampler is learnable and optimized by the validation loss after training the sampled architecture. In this way, our approach can be trained in an end-to-end fashion by gradient descent, named Gradient-based search using Differentiable Architecture Sampler (GDAS). In experiments, we can finish one searching procedure in four GPU hours on CIFAR-10, and the discovered model obtains a test error of 2.82\% with only 2.5M parameters, which is on par with the state-of-the-art. Code is publicly available on GitHub: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/D-X-Y/NAS-Projects" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 12.Sentiment Analysis from Images of Natural Disasters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04416.pdf)
>  Social media have been widely exploited to detect and gather relevant information about opinions and events. However, the relevance of the information is very subjective and rather depends on the application and the end-users. In this article, we tackle a specific facet of social media data processing, namely the sentiment analysis of disaster-related images by considering people's opinions, attitudes, feelings and emotions. We analyze how visual sentiment analysis can improve the results for the end-users/beneficiaries in terms of mining information from social media. We also identify the challenges and related applications, which could help defining a benchmark for future research efforts in visual sentiment analysis. 
### 13.On Recognizing Texts of Arbitrary Shapes with 2D Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04396.pdf)
>  Scene text recognition (STR) is the task of recognizing character sequences in natural scenes. While there have been great advances in STR methods, current methods still fail to recognize texts in arbitrary shapes, such as heavily curved or rotated texts, which are abundant in daily life (e.g. restaurant signs, product labels, company logos, etc). This paper introduces a novel architecture to recognizing texts of arbitrary shapes, named Self-Attention Text Recognition Network (SATRN), which is inspired by the Transformer. SATRN utilizes the self-attention mechanism to describe two-dimensional (2D) spatial dependencies of characters in a scene text image. Exploiting the full-graph propagation of self-attention, SATRN can recognize texts with arbitrary arrangements and large inter-character spacing. As a result, SATRN outperforms existing STR models by a large margin of 5.7 pp on average in "irregular text" benchmarks. We provide empirical analyses that illustrate the inner mechanisms and the extent to which the model is applicable (e.g. rotated and multi-line text). We will open-source the code. 
### 14.Adaptive and Azimuth-Aware Fusion Network of Multimodal Local Features for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04392.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the construction of stronger local features and the effective fusion of image and LiDAR data. We adopt different modalities of LiDAR data to generate richer features and present an adaptive and azimuth-aware network to aggregate local features from image, bird's eye view maps and point cloud. Our network mainly consists of three subnetworks: ground plane estimation network, region proposal network and adaptive fusion network. The ground plane estimation network extracts features of point cloud and predicts the parameters of a plane which are used for generating abundant 3D anchors. The region proposal network generates features of image and bird's eye view maps to output region proposals. To integrate heterogeneous image and point cloud features, the adaptive fusion network explicitly adjusts the intensity of multiple local features and achieves the orientation consistency between image and LiDAR data by introduce an azimuth-aware fusion module. Experiments are conducted on KITTI dataset and the results validate the advantages of our aggregation of multimodal local features and the adaptive fusion network. 
### 15.Unconstrained Road Marking Recognition with Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04326.pdf)
>  Recent road marking recognition has achieved great success in the past few years along with the rapid development of deep learning. Although considerable advances have been made, they are often over-dependent on unrepresentative datasets and constrained conditions. In this paper, to overcome these drawbacks, we propose an alternative method that achieves higher accuracy and generates high-quality samples as data augmentation. With the following two major contributions: 1) The proposed deblurring network can successfully recover a clean road marking from a blurred one by adopting generative adversarial networks (GAN). 2) The proposed data augmentation method, based on mutual information, can preserve and learn semantic context from the given dataset. We construct and train a class-conditional GAN to increase the size of training set, which makes it suitable to recognize target. The experimental results have shown that our proposed framework generates deblurred clean samples from blurry ones, and outperforms other methods even with unconstrained road marking datasets. 
### 16.Practical License Plate Recognition in Unconstrained Surveillance Systems with Adversarial Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04324.pdf)
>  Although most current license plate (LP) recognition applications have been significantly advanced, they are still limited to ideal environments where training data are carefully annotated with constrained scenes. In this paper, we propose a novel license plate recognition method to handle unconstrained real world traffic scenes. To overcome these difficulties, we use adversarial super-resolution (SR), and one-stage character segmentation and recognition. Combined with a deep convolutional network based on VGG-net, our method provides simple but reasonable training procedure. Moreover, we introduce GIST-LP, a challenging LP dataset where image samples are effectively collected from unconstrained surveillance scenes. Experimental results on AOLP and GIST-LP dataset illustrate that our method, without any scene-specific adaptation, outperforms current LP recognition approaches in accuracy and provides visual enhancement in our SR results that are easier to understand than original data. 
### 17.Deep localization of protein structures in fluorescence microscopy images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04287.pdf)
>  Accurate localization of proteins from fluorescence microscopy images is a challenging task due to the inter-class similarities and intra-class disparities introducing grave concerns in addressing multi-class classification problems. Conventional machine learning-based image prediction relies heavily on pre-processing such as normalization and segmentation followed by hand-crafted feature extraction before classification to identify useful and informative as well as application specific features.We propose an end-to-end Protein Localization Convolutional Neural Network (PLCNN) that classifies protein localization images more accurately and reliably. PLCNN directly processes raw imagery without involving any pre-processing steps and produces outputs without any customization or parameter adjustment for a particular dataset. The output of our approach is computed from probabilities produced by the network. Experimental analysis is performed on five publicly available benchmark datasets. PLCNN consistently outperformed the existing state-of-the-art approaches from machine learning and deep architectures. 
### 18.Non-contact Infant Sleep Apnea Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04725.pdf)
>  Sleep apnea is a breathing disorder where a person repeatedly stops breathing in sleep. Early detection is crucial for infants because it might bring long term adversities. The existing accurate detection mechanism (pulse oximetry) is a skin contact measurement. The existing non-contact mechanisms (acoustics, video processing) are not accurate enough. This paper presents a novel algorithm for the detection of sleep apnea with video processing. The solution is non-contact, accurate and lightweight enough to run on a single board computer. The paper discusses the accuracy of the algorithm on real data, advantages of the new algorithm, its limitations and suggests future improvements. 
### 19.GLADAS: Gesture Learning for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04695.pdf)
>  Human-computer interaction (HCI) is crucial for the safety of lives as autonomous vehicles (AVs) become commonplace. Yet, little effort has been put toward ensuring that AVs understand humans on the road. In this paper, we present GLADAS, a simulator-based research platform designed to teach AVs to understand pedestrian hand gestures. GLADAS supports the training, testing, and validation of deep learning-based self-driving car gesture recognition systems. We focus on gestures as they are a primordial (i.e, natural and common) way to interact with cars. To the best of our knowledge, GLADAS is the first system of its kind designed to provide an infrastructure for further research into human-AV interaction. We also develop a hand gesture recognition algorithm for self-driving cars, using GLADAS to evaluate its performance. Our results show that an AV understands human gestures 85.91% of the time, reinforcing the need for further research into human-AV interaction. 
### 20.Machine Learning with Multi-Site Imaging Data: An Empirical Study on the Impact of Scanner Effects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04597.pdf)
>  This is an empirical study to investigate the impact of scanner effects when using machine learning on multi-site neuroimaging data. We utilize structural T1-weighted brain MRI obtained from two different studies, Cam-CAN and UK Biobank. For the purpose of our investigation, we construct a dataset consisting of brain scans from 592 age- and sex-matched individuals, 296 subjects from each original study. Our results demonstrate that even after careful pre-processing with state-of-the-art neuroimaging pipelines a classifier can easily distinguish between the origin of the data with very high accuracy. Our analysis on the example application of sex classification suggests that current approaches to harmonize data are unable to remove scanner-specific bias leading to overly optimistic performance estimates and poor generalization. We conclude that multi-site data harmonization remains an open challenge and particular care needs to be taken when using such data with advanced machine learning methods for predictive modelling. 
### 21.Image Super-Resolution via Attention based Back Projection Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04476.pdf)
>  Deep learning based image Super-Resolution (SR) has shown rapid development due to its ability of big data digestion. Generally, deeper and wider networks can extract richer feature maps and generate SR images with remarkable quality. However, the more complex network we have, the more time consumption is required for practical applications. It is important to have a simplified network for efficient image SR. In this paper, we propose an Attention based Back Projection Network (ABPN) for image super-resolution. Similar to some recent works, we believe that the back projection mechanism can be further developed for SR. Enhanced back projection blocks are suggested to iteratively update low- and high-resolution feature residues. Inspired by recent studies on attention models, we propose a Spatial Attention Block (SAB) to learn the cross-correlation across features at different layers. Based on the assumption that a good SR image should be close to the original LR image after down-sampling. We propose a Refined Back Projection Block (RBPB) for final reconstruction. Extensive experiments on some public and AIM2019 Image Super-Resolution Challenge datasets show that the proposed ABPN can provide state-of-the-art or even better performance in both quantitative and qualitative measurements. 
### 22.Multi-Stage Pathological Image Classification using Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04473.pdf)
>  Histopathological image analysis is an essential process for the discovery of diseases such as cancer. However, it is challenging to train CNN on whole slide images (WSIs) of gigapixel resolution considering the available memory capacity. Most of the previous works divide high resolution WSIs into small image patches and separately input them into the model to classify it as a tumor or a normal tissue. However, patch-based classification uses only patch-scale local information but ignores the relationship between neighboring patches. If we consider the relationship of neighboring patches and global features, we can improve the classification performance. In this paper, we propose a new model structure combining the patch-based classification model and whole slide-scale segmentation model in order to improve the prediction performance of automatic pathological diagnosis. We extract patch features from the classification model and input them into the segmentation model to obtain a whole slide tumor probability heatmap. The classification model considers patch-scale local features, and the segmentation model can take global information into account. We also propose a new optimization method that retains gradient information and trains the model partially for end-to-end learning with limited GPU memory capacity. We apply our method to the tumor/normal prediction on WSIs and the classification performance is improved compared with the conventional patch-based method. 
### 23.Breathing deformation model -- application to multi-resolution abdominal MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04456.pdf)
>  Dynamic MRI is a technique of acquiring a series of images continuously to follow the physiological changes over time. However, such fast imaging results in low resolution images. In this work, abdominal deformation model computed from dynamic low resolution images have been applied to high resolution image, acquired previously, to generate dynamic high resolution MRI. Dynamic low resolution images were simulated into different breathing phases (inhale and exhale). Then, the image registration between breathing time points was performed using the B-spline SyN deformable model and using cross-correlation as a similarity metric. The deformation model between different breathing phases were estimated from highly undersampled data. This deformation model was then applied to the high resolution images to obtain high resolution images of different breathing phases. The results indicated that the deformation model could be computed from relatively very low resolution images. 
### 24.BitNet: Learning-Based Bit-Depth Expansion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04397.pdf)
>  Bit-depth is the number of bits for each color channel of a pixel in an image. Although many modern displays support unprecedented higher bit-depth to show more realistic and natural colors with a high dynamic range, most media sources are still in bit-depth of 8 or lower. Since insufficient bit-depth may generate annoying false contours or lose detailed visual appearance, bit-depth expansion (BDE) from low bit-depth (LBD) images to high bit-depth (HBD) images becomes more and more important. In this paper, we adopt a learning-based approach for BDE and propose a novel CNN-based bit-depth expansion network (BitNet) that can effectively remove false contours and restore visual details at the same time. We have carefully designed our BitNet based on an encoder-decoder architecture with dilated convolutions and a novel multi-scale feature integration. We have performed various experiments with four different datasets including MIT-Adobe FiveK, Kodak, ESPL v2, and TESTIMAGES, and our proposed BitNet has achieved state-of-the-art performance in terms of PSNR and SSIM among other existing BDE methods and famous CNN-based image processing networks. Unlike previous methods that separately process each color channel, we treat all RGB channels at once and have greatly improved color restoration. In addition, our network has shown the fastest computational speed in near real-time. 
### 25.Visual Understanding of Multiple Attributes Learning Model of X-Ray Scattering Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04357.pdf)
>  This extended abstract presents a visualization system, which is designed for domain scientists to visually understand their deep learning model of extracting multiple attributes in x-ray scattering images. The system focuses on studying the model behaviors related to multiple structural attributes. It allows users to explore the images in the feature space, the classification output of different attributes, with respect to the actual attributes labelled by domain scientists. Abundant interactions allow users to flexibly select instance images, their clusters, and compare them visually in details. Two preliminary case studies demonstrate its functionalities and usefulness. 
### 26.From Visual Place Recognition to Navigation: Learning Sample-Efficient Control Policies across Diverse Real World Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04335.pdf)
>  Visual navigation tasks in real world environments often require both self-motion and place recognition feedback. While deep reinforcement learning has shown success in solving these perception and decision-making problems in an end-to-end manner, these algorithms require large amounts of experience to learn navigation policies from high-dimensional inputs, which is generally impractical for real robots due to sample complexity. In this paper, we address these problems with two main contributions. We first leverage place recognition and deep learning techniques combined with goal destination feedback to generate compact, bimodal images representations that can then be used to effectively learn control policies at kilometer scale from a small amount of experience. Second, we present an interactive and realistic framework, called CityLearn, that enables for the first time the training of navigation algorithms across city-sized, real-world environments with extreme environmental changes. CityLearn features over 10 benchmark real-world datasets often used in place recognition research with more than 100 recorded traversals and across 60 cities around the world. We evaluate our approach in two CityLearn environments where our navigation policy is trained using a single traversal. Results show our method can be over 2 orders of magnitude faster than when using raw images and can also generalize across extreme visual changes including day to night and summer to winter transitions. 
### 27.Agent with Warm Start and Active Termination for Plane Localization in 3D Ultrasound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04331.pdf)
>  Standard plane localization is crucial for ultrasound (US) diagnosis. In prenatal US, dozens of standard planes are manually acquired with a 2D probe. It is time-consuming and operator-dependent. In comparison, 3D US containing multiple standard planes in one shot has the inherent advantages of less user-dependency and more efficiency. However, manual plane localization in US volume is challenging due to the huge search space and large fetal posture variation. In this study, we propose a novel reinforcement learning (RL) framework to automatically localize fetal brain standard planes in 3D US. Our contribution is two-fold. First, we equip the RL framework with a landmark-aware alignment module to provide warm start and strong spatial bounds for the agent actions, thus ensuring its effectiveness. Second, instead of passively and empirically terminating the agent inference, we propose a recurrent neural network based strategy for active termination of the agent's interaction procedure. This improves both the accuracy and efficiency of the localization system. Extensively validated on our in-house large dataset, our approach achieves the accuracy of 3.4mm/9.6° and 2.7mm/9.1° for the transcerebellar and transthalamic plane localization, respectively. Ourproposed RL framework is general and has the potential to improve the efficiency and standardization of US scanning. 
### 28.Removing input features via a generative model to explain their attributions to classifier's decisions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04256.pdf)
>  Interpretability methods often measure the contribution of an input feature to an image classifier's decisions by heuristically removing it via e.g. blurring, adding noise, or graying out, which often produce unrealistic, out-of-samples. Instead, we propose to integrate a generative inpainter into three representative attribution methods to remove an input feature. Compared to the original counterparts, our methods (1) generate more plausible counterfactual samples under the true data generating process; (2) are more robust to hyperparameter settings; and (3) localize objects more accurately. Our findings were consistent across both ImageNet and Places365 datasets and two different pairs of classifiers and inpainters. 
### 29.Image Quality Assessment for Rigid Motion Compensation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04254.pdf)
>  Diagnostic stroke imaging with C-arm cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) enables reduction of time-to-therapy for endovascular procedures. However, the prolonged acquisition time compared to helical CT increases the likelihood of rigid patient motion. Rigid motion corrupts the geometry alignment assumed during reconstruction, resulting in image blurring or streaking artifacts. To reestablish the geometry, we estimate the motion trajectory by an autofocus method guided by a neural network, which was trained to regress the reprojection error, based on the image information of a reconstructed slice. The network was trained with CBCT scans from 19 patients and evaluated using an additional test patient. It adapts well to unseen motion amplitudes and achieves superior results in a motion estimation benchmark compared to the commonly used entropy-based method. 
