# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 16 Oct 2019
### 1.SegSort: Segmentation by Discriminative Sorting of Segments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06962.pdf)
>  Almost all existing deep learning approaches for semantic segmentation tackle this task as a pixel-wise classification problem. Yet humans understand a scene not in terms of pixels, but by decomposing it into perceptual groups and structures that are the basic building blocks of recognition. This motivates us to propose an end-to-end pixel-wise metric learning approach that mimics this process. In our approach, the optimal visual representation determines the right segmentation within individual images and associates segments with the same semantic classes across images. The core visual learning problem is therefore to maximize the similarity within segments and minimize the similarity between segments. Given a model trained this way, inference is performed consistently by extracting pixel-wise embeddings and clustering, with the semantic label determined by the majority vote of its nearest neighbors from an annotated set. As a result, we present the SegSort, as a first attempt using deep learning for unsupervised semantic segmentation, achieving $76\%$ performance of its supervised counterpart. When supervision is available, SegSort shows consistent improvements over conventional approaches based on pixel-wise softmax training. Additionally, our approach produces more precise boundaries and consistent region predictions. The proposed SegSort further produces an interpretable result, as each choice of label can be easily understood from the retrieved nearest segments. 
### 2.Tiny Video Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06961.pdf)
>  Video understanding is a challenging problem with great impact on the abilities of autonomous agents working in the real-world. Yet, solutions so far have been computationally intensive, with the fastest algorithms running for more than half a second per video snippet on powerful GPUs. We propose a novel idea on video architecture learning - Tiny Video Networks - which automatically designs highly efficient models for video understanding. The tiny video models run with competitive performance for as low as 37 milliseconds per video on a CPU and 10 milliseconds on a standard GPU. 
### 3.Human Action Recognition with Multi-Laplacian Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06934.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks are nowadays witnessing a major success in different pattern recognition problems. These learning models were basically designed to handle vectorial data such as images but their extension to non-vectorial and semi-structured data (namely graphs with variable sizes, topology, etc.) remains a major challenge, though a few interesting solutions are currently emerging. In this paper, we introduce MLGCN; a novel spectral Multi-Laplacian Graph Convolutional Network. The main contribution of this method resides in a new design principle that learns graph-laplacians as convex combinations of other elementary laplacians each one dedicated to a particular topology of the input graphs. We also introduce a novel pooling operator, on graphs, that proceeds in two steps: context-dependent node expansion is achieved, followed by a global average pooling; the strength of this two-step process resides in its ability to preserve the discrimination power of nodes while achieving permutation invariance. Experiments conducted on SBU and UCF-101 datasets, show the validity of our method for the challenging task of action recognition. 
### 4.DeepGCNs: Making GCNs Go as Deep as CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06849.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been very successful at solving a variety of computer vision tasks such as object classification and detection, semantic segmentation, activity understanding, to name just a few. One key enabling factor for their great performance has been the ability to train very deep CNNs. Despite their huge success in many tasks, CNNs do not work well with non-Euclidean data which is prevalent in many real-world applications. Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) offer an alternative that allows for non-Eucledian data as input to a neural network similar to CNNs. While GCNs already achieve encouraging results, they are currently limited to shallow architectures with 2-4 layers due to vanishing gradients during training. This work transfers concepts such as residual/dense connections and dilated convolutions from CNNs to GCNs in order to successfully train very deep GCNs. We show the benefit of deep GCNs with as many as 112 layers experimentally across various datasets and tasks. Specifically, we achieve state-of-the-art performance in part segmentation and semantic segmentation on point clouds and in node classification of protein functions across biological protein-protein interaction (PPI) graphs. We believe that the insights in this work will open a lot of avenues for future research on GCNs and transfer to further tasks not explored in this work. The source code for this work is available for Pytorch and Tensorflow at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lightaime/deep_gcns_torch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lightaime/deep_gcns" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> respectively. 
### 5.A Compact Neural Architecture for Visual Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06840.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art algorithms for visual place recognition can be broadly split into two categories: computationally expensive deep-learning/image retrieval based techniques with minimal biological plausibility, and computationally cheap, biologically inspired models that yield poor performance in real-world environments. In this paper we present a new compact and high-performing system that bridges this divide for the first time. Our approach comprises two key components: FlyNet, a compact, sparse two-layer neural network inspired by fruit fly brain architectures, and a one-dimensional continuous attractor neural network (CANN). Our FlyNet+CANN network combines the compact pattern recognition capabilities of the FlyNet model with the powerful temporal filtering capabilities of an equally compact CANN, replicating entirely in a neural network implementation the functionality that yields high performance in algorithmic localization approaches like SeqSLAM. We evaluate our approach and compare it to three state-of-the-art methods on two benchmark real-world datasets with small viewpoint changes and extreme appearance variations including different times of day (afternoon to night) where it achieves an AUC performance of 87%, compared to 60% for Multi-Process Fusion, 46% for LoST-X and 1% for SeqSLAM, while being 6.5, 310, and 1.5 times faster respectively. 
### 6.Learning Generalisable Omni-Scale Representations for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06827.pdf)
>  An effective person re-identification (re-ID) model should learn feature representations that are both discriminative, for distinguishing similar-looking people, and generalisable, for deployment across datasets without any adaptation. In this paper, we develop novel CNN architectures to address both challenges. First, we present a re-ID CNN termed omni-scale network (OSNet) to learn features that not only capture different spatial scales but also encapsulate a synergistic combination of multiple scales, namely omni-scale features. The basic building block consists of multiple convolutional streams, each detecting features at a certain scale. For omni-scale feature learning, a unified aggregation gate is introduced to dynamically fuse multi-scale features with channel-wise weights. OSNet is lightweight as its building blocks comprise factorised convolutions. Second, to improve generalisable feature learning, we introduce instance normalisation (IN) layers into OSNet to cope with cross-dataset discrepancies. Further, to determine the optimal placements of these IN layers in the architecture, we formulate an efficient differentiable architecture search algorithm. Extensive experiments show that, in the conventional same-dataset setting, OSNet achieves state-of-the-art performance, despite being much smaller than existing re-ID models. In the more challenging yet practical cross-dataset setting, OSNet beats most recent unsupervised domain adaptation methods without requiring any target data for model adaptation. Our code and models are released at \texttt{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KaiyangZhou/deep-person-reid" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 7.Learning to Predict Layout-to-image Conditional Convolutions for Semantic Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06809.pdf)
>  Semantic image synthesis aims at generating photorealistic images from semantic layouts. Previous approaches with conditional generative adversarial networks (GAN) show state-of-the-art performance on this task, which either feed the semantic label maps as inputs to the generator, or use them to modulate the activations in normalization layers via affine transformations. We argue that convolutional kernels in the generator should be aware of the distinct semantic labels at different locations when generating images. In order to better exploit the semantic layout for the image generator, we propose to predict convolutional kernels conditioned on the semantic label map to generate the intermediate feature maps from the noise maps and eventually generate the images. Moreover, we propose a feature pyramid semantics-embedding discriminator, which is more effective in enhancing fine details and semantic alignments between the generated images and the input semantic layouts than previous multi-scale discriminators. We achieve state-of-the-art results on both quantitative metrics and subjective evaluation on various semantic segmentation datasets, demonstrating the effectiveness of our approach. 
### 8.Cortical-inspired Wilson-Cowan-type equations for orientation-dependent contrast perception modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06808.pdf)
>  We consider the evolution model proposed in [9, 6] to describe illusory contrast perception phenomena induced by surrounding orientations. Firstly, we highlight its analogies and differences with widely used Wilson-Cowan equations [48], mainly in terms of efficient representation properties. Then, in order to explicitly encode local directional information, we exploit the model of the primary visual cortex V1 proposed in [20] and largely used over the last years for several image processing problems [24,38,28]. The resulting model is capable to describe assimilation and contrast visual bias at the same time, the main novelty being its explicit dependence on local image orientation. We report several numerical tests showing the ability of the model to explain, in particular, orientation-dependent phenomena such as grating induction and a modified version of the Poggendorff illusion. For this latter example, we empirically show the existence of a set of threshold parameters differentiating from inpainting to perception-type reconstructions, describing long-range connectivity between different hypercolumns in the primary visual cortex. 
### 9.Integrating Temporal and Spatial Attentions for VATEX Video Captioning Challenge 2019  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06737.pdf)
>  This notebook paper presents our model in the VATEX video captioning challenge. In order to capture multi-level aspects in the video, we propose to integrate both temporal and spatial attentions for video captioning. The temporal attentive module focuses on global action movements while spatial attentive module enables to describe more fine-grained objects. Considering these two types of attentive modules are complementary, we thus fuse them via a late fusion strategy. The proposed model significantly outperforms baselines and achieves 73.4 CIDEr score on the testing set which ranks the second place at the VATEX video captioning challenge leaderboard 2019. 
### 10.Depth Completion from Sparse LiDAR Data with Depth-Normal Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06727.pdf)
>  Depth completion aims to recover dense depth maps from sparse depth measurements. It is of increasing importance for autonomous driving and draws increasing attention from the vision community. Most of existing methods directly train a network to learn a mapping from sparse depth inputs to dense depth maps, which has difficulties in utilizing the 3D geometric constraints and handling the practical sensor noises. In this paper, to regularize the depth completion and improve the robustness against noise, we propose a unified CNN framework that 1) models the geometric constraints between depth and surface normal in a diffusion module and 2) predicts the confidence of sparse LiDAR measurements to mitigate the impact of noise. Specifically, our encoder-decoder backbone predicts surface normals, coarse depth and confidence of LiDAR inputs simultaneously, which are subsequently inputted into our diffusion refinement module to obtain the final completion results. Extensive experiments on KITTI depth completion dataset and NYU-Depth-V2 dataset demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance. Further ablation study and analysis give more insights into the proposed method and demonstrate the generalization capability and stability of our model. 
### 11.Generating Human Action Videos by Coupling 3D Game Engines and Probabilistic Graphical Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06699.pdf)
>  Deep video action recognition models have been highly successful in recent years but require large quantities of manually annotated data, which are expensive and laborious to obtain. In this work, we investigate the generation of synthetic training data for video action recognition, as synthetic data have been successfully used to supervise models for a variety of other computer vision tasks. We propose an interpretable parametric generative model of human action videos that relies on procedural generation, physics models and other components of modern game engines. With this model we generate a diverse, realistic, and physically plausible dataset of human action videos, called PHAV for "Procedural Human Action Videos". PHAV contains a total of 39,982 videos, with more than 1,000 examples for each of 35 action categories. Our video generation approach is not limited to existing motion capture sequences: 14 of these 35 categories are procedurally defined synthetic actions. In addition, each video is represented with 6 different data modalities, including RGB, optical flow and pixel-level semantic labels. These modalities are generated almost simultaneously using the Multiple Render Targets feature of modern GPUs. In order to leverage PHAV, we introduce a deep multi-task (i.e. that considers action classes from multiple datasets) representation learning architecture that is able to simultaneously learn from synthetic and real video datasets, even when their action categories differ. Our experiments on the UCF-101 and HMDB-51 benchmarks suggest that combining our large set of synthetic videos with small real-world datasets can boost recognition performance. Our approach also significantly outperforms video representations produced by fine-tuning state-of-the-art unsupervised generative models of videos. 
### 12.Seeing and Hearing Egocentric Actions: How Much Can We Learn?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06693.pdf)
>  Our interaction with the world is an inherently multimodal experience. However, the understanding of human-to-object interactions has historically been addressed focusing on a single modality. In particular, a limited number of works have considered to integrate the visual and audio modalities for this purpose. In this work, we propose a multimodal approach for egocentric action recognition in a kitchen environment that relies on audio and visual information. Our model combines a sparse temporal sampling strategy with a late fusion of audio, spatial, and temporal streams. Experimental results on the EPIC-Kitchens dataset show that multimodal integration leads to better performance than unimodal approaches. In particular, we achieved a 5.18% improvement over the state of the art on verb classification. 
### 13.Being the center of attention: A Person-Context CNN framework for Personality Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06690.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel study on personality recognition using video data from different scenarios. Our goal is to jointly model nonverbal behavioral cues with contextual information for a robust, multi-scenario, personality recognition system. Therefore, we build a novel multi-stream Convolutional Neural Network framework (CNN), which considers multiple sources of information. From a given scenario, we extract spatio-temporal motion descriptors from every individual in the scene, spatio-temporal motion descriptors encoding social group dynamics, and proxemics descriptors to encode the interaction with the surrounding context. All the proposed descriptors are mapped to the same feature space facilitating the overall learning effort. Experiments on two public datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of jointly modeling the mutual Person-Context information, outperforming the state-of-the art-results for personality recognition in two different scenarios. Lastly, we present CNN class activation maps for each personality trait, shedding light on behavioral patterns linked with personality attributes. 
### 14.A Method to Generate Synthetically Warped Document Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06621.pdf)
>  The digital camera captured document images may often be warped and distorted due to different camera angles or document surfaces. A robust technique is needed to solve this kind of distortion. The research on dewarping of the document suffers due to the limited availability of benchmark public dataset. In recent times, deep learning based approaches are used to solve the problems accurately. To train most of the deep neural networks a large number of document images is required and generating such a large volume of document images manually is difficult. In this paper, we propose a technique to generate a synthetic warped image from a flat-bedded scanned document image. It is done by calculating warping factors for each pixel position using two warping position parameters (WPP) and eight warping control parameters (WCP). These parameters can be specified as needed depending upon the desired warping. The results are compared with similar real captured images both qualitative and quantitative way. 
### 15.Background Segmentation for Vehicle Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06613.pdf)
>  Vehicle re-identification (Re-ID) is very important in intelligent transportation and video surveillance.Prior works focus on extracting discriminative features from visual appearance of vehicles or using visual-spatio-temporal information.However, background interference in vehicle re-identification have not been <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://explored.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> the actual large-scale spatio-temporal scenes, the same vehicle usually appears in different backgrounds while different vehicles might appear in the same background, which will seriously affect the re-identification performance. To the best of our knowledge, this paper is the first to consider the background interference problem in vehicle re-identification. We construct a vehicle segmentation dataset and develop a vehicle Re-ID framework with a background interference removal (BIR) mechanism to improve the vehicle Re-ID performance as well as robustness against complex background in large-scale spatio-temporal scenes. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed framework, with an average 9% gain on mAP over state-of-the-art vehicle Re-ID algorithms. 
### 16.Stereo-based Multi-motion Visual Odometry for Mobile Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06607.pdf)
>  With the development of computer vision, visual odometry is adopted by more and more mobile robots. However, we found that not only its own pose, but the poses of other moving objects are also crucial for the decision of the robot. In addition, the visual odometry will be greatly disturbed when a significant moving object appears. In this letter, a stereo-based multi-motion visual odometry method is proposed to acquire the poses of the robot and other moving objects. In order to obtain the poses simultaneously, a continuous motion segmentation module and a coordinate conversion module are applied to the traditional visual odometry pipeline. As a result, poses of all moving objects can be acquired and transformed into the ground coordinate system. The experimental results show that the proposed multi-motion visual odometry can effectively eliminate the influence of moving objects on the visual odometry, as well as achieve 10 cm in position and 3° in orientation RMSE (Root Mean Square Error) of each moving object. 
### 17.Trajectorylet-Net: a novel framework for pose prediction based on trajectorylet descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06583.pdf)
>  Pose prediction is an increasingly interesting topic in computer vision and robotics. In this paper, we propose a new network, Trajectorylet-Net, to predict future poses. Compared with most existing methods, our model focuses on modeling the co-occurrence long-term information and spatiotemporal correlation. Specifically, a novel descriptor, trajectorylet, is introduced to characterize the static and dynamic information of the input pose sequence. Then, a coupled spatio-temporal learning schema is proposed to generate trajectorylet descriptors, which can simultaneously capture the local structure of the human body and the global co-occurrence temporal information of the input sequence. Finally, we propose to predict future poses by gathering trajectorylet descriptors gradually. Extensive experiments show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on two benchmarks (e.g. G3D and FNTU), which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed method. 
### 18.IMMVP: An Efficient Daytime and Nighttime On-Road Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06573.pdf)
>  It is hard to detect on-road objects under various lighting conditions. To improve the quality of the classifier, three techniques are used. We define subclasses to separate daytime and nighttime samples. Then we skip similar samples in the training set to prevent overfitting. With the help of the outside training samples, the detection accuracy is also improved. To detect objects in an edge device, Nvidia Jetson TX2 platform, we exert the lightweight model ResNet-18 FPN as the backbone feature extractor. The FPN (Feature Pyramid Network) generates good features for detecting objects over various scales. With Cascade R-CNN technique, the bounding boxes are iteratively refined for better results. 
### 19.Real-time monitoring of driver drowsiness on mobile platforms using 3D neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06540.pdf)
>  Driver drowsiness increases crash risk, leading to substantial road trauma each year. Drowsiness detection methods have received considerable attention, but few studies have investigated the implementation of a detection approach on a mobile phone. Phone applications reduce the need for specialised hardware and hence, enable a cost-effective roll-out of the technology across the driving population. While it has been shown that three-dimensional (3D) operations are more suitable for spatiotemporal feature learning, current methods for drowsiness detection commonly use frame-based, multi-step approaches. However, computationally expensive techniques that achieve superior results on action recognition benchmarks (e.g. 3D convolutions, optical flow extraction) create bottlenecks for real-time, safety-critical applications on mobile devices. Here, we show how depthwise separable 3D convolutions, combined with an early fusion of spatial and temporal information, can achieve a balance between high prediction accuracy and real-time inference requirements. In particular, increased accuracy is achieved when assessment requires motion information, for example, when sunglasses conceal the eyes. Further, a custom TensorFlow-based smartphone application shows the true impact of various approaches on inference times and demonstrates the effectiveness of real-time monitoring based on out-of-sample data to alert a drowsy driver. Our model is pre-trained on ImageNet and Kinetics and fine-tuned on a publicly available Driver Drowsiness Detection dataset. Fine-tuning on large naturalistic driving datasets could further improve accuracy to obtain robust in-vehicle performance. Overall, our research is a step towards practical deep learning applications, potentially preventing micro-sleeps and reducing road trauma. 
### 20.End-to-End Multi-View Fusion for 3D Object Detection in LiDAR Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06528.pdf)
>  Recent work on 3D object detection advocates point cloud voxelization in birds-eye view, where objects preserve their physical dimensions and are naturally separable. When represented in this view, however, point clouds are sparse and have highly variable point density, which may cause detectors difficulties in detecting distant or small objects (pedestrians, traffic signs, etc.). On the other hand, perspective view provides dense observations, which could allow more favorable feature encoding for such cases. In this paper, we aim to synergize the birds-eye view and the perspective view and propose a novel end-to-end multi-view fusion (MVF) algorithm, which can effectively learn to utilize the complementary information from both. Specifically, we introduce dynamic voxelization, which has four merits compared to existing voxelization methods, i) removing the need of pre-allocating a tensor with fixed size; ii) overcoming the information loss due to stochastic point/voxel dropout; iii) yielding deterministic voxel embeddings and more stable detection outcomes; iv) establishing the bi-directional relationship between points and voxels, which potentially lays a natural foundation for cross-view feature fusion. By employing dynamic voxelization, the proposed feature fusion architecture enables each point to learn to fuse context information from different views. MVF operates on points and can be naturally extended to other approaches using LiDAR point clouds. We evaluate our MVF model extensively on the newly released Waymo Open Dataset and on the KITTI dataset and demonstrate that it significantly improves detection accuracy over the comparable single-view PointPillars baseline. 
### 21.Target-Oriented Deformation of Visual-Semantic Embedding Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06514.pdf)
>  Multimodal embedding is a crucial research topic for cross-modal understanding, data mining, and translation. Many studies have attempted to extract representations from given entities and align them in a shared embedding space. However, because entities in different modalities exhibit different abstraction levels and modality-specific information, it is insufficient to embed related entities close to each other. In this study, we propose the Target-Oriented Deformation Network (TOD-Net), a novel module that continuously deforms the embedding space into a new space under a given condition, thereby adjusting similarities between entities. Unlike methods based on cross-modal attention, TOD-Net is a post-process applied to the embedding space learned by existing embedding systems and improves their performances of retrieval. In particular, when combined with cutting-edge models, TOD-Net gains the state-of-the-art cross-modal retrieval model associated with the MSCOCO dataset. Qualitative analysis reveals that TOD-Net successfully emphasizes entity-specific concepts and retrieves diverse targets via handling higher levels of diversity than existing models. 
### 22.Exploring Overall Contextual Information for Image Captioning in Human-Like Cognitive Style  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06475.pdf)
>  Image captioning is a research hotspot where encoder-decoder models combining convolutional neural network (CNN) and long short-term memory (LSTM) achieve promising results. Despite significant progress, these models generate sentences differently from human cognitive styles. Existing models often generate a complete sentence from the first word to the end, without considering the influence of the following words on the whole sentence generation. In this paper, we explore the utilization of a human-like cognitive style, i.e., building overall cognition for the image to be described and the sentence to be constructed, for enhancing computer image understanding. This paper first proposes a Mutual-aid network structure with Bidirectional LSTMs (MaBi-LSTMs) for acquiring overall contextual information. In the training process, the forward and backward LSTMs encode the succeeding and preceding words into their respective hidden states by simultaneously constructing the whole sentence in a complementary manner. In the captioning process, the LSTM implicitly utilizes the subsequent semantic information contained in its hidden states. In fact, MaBi-LSTMs can generate two sentences in forward and backward directions. To bridge the gap between cross-domain models and generate a sentence with higher quality, we further develop a cross-modal attention mechanism to retouch the two sentences by fusing their salient parts as well as the salient areas of the image. Experimental results on the Microsoft COCO dataset show that the proposed model improves the performance of encoder-decoder models and achieves state-of-the-art results. 
### 23.End-to-End Adversarial Shape Learning for Abdomen Organ Deep Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06474.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of abdomen organs using medical imaging has many potential applications in clinical workflows. Recently, the state-of-the-art performance for organ segmentation has been achieved by deep learning models, i.e., convolutional neural network (CNN). However, it is challenging to train the conventional CNN-based segmentation models that aware of the shape and topology of organs. In this work, we tackle this problem by introducing a novel end-to-end shape learning architecture -- organ point-network. It takes deep learning features as inputs and generates organ shape representations as points that located on organ surface. We later present a novel adversarial shape learning objective function to optimize the point-network to capture shape information better. We train the point-network together with a CNN-based segmentation model in a multi-task fashion so that the shared network parameters can benefit from both shape learning and segmentation tasks. We demonstrate our method with three challenging abdomen organs including liver, spleen, and pancreas. The point-network generates surface points with fine-grained details and it is found critical for improving organ segmentation. Consequently, the deep segmentation model is improved by the introduced shape learning as significantly better Dice scores are observed for spleen and pancreas segmentation. 
### 24.Building Damage Detection in Satellite Imagery Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06444.pdf)
>  In all types of disasters, from earthquakes to armed conflicts, aid workers need accurate and timely data such as damage to buildings and population displacement to mount an effective response. Remote sensing provides this data at an unprecedented scale, but extracting operationalizable information from satellite images is slow and labor-intensive. In this work, we use machine learning to automate the detection of building damage in satellite imagery. We compare the performance of four different convolutional neural network models in detecting damaged buildings in the 2010 Haiti earthquake. We also quantify how well the models will generalize to future disasters by training and testing models on different disaster events. 
### 25.Restoration of marker occluded hematoxylin and eosin stained whole slide histology images using generative adversarial networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06428.pdf)
>  It is common for pathologists to annotate specific regions of the tissue, such as tumor, directly on the glass slide with markers. Although this practice was helpful prior to the advent of histology whole slide digitization, it often occludes important details which are increasingly relevant to immuno-oncology due to recent advancements in digital pathology imaging techniques. The current work uses a generative adversarial network with cycle loss to remove these annotations while still maintaining the underlying structure of the tissue by solving an image-to-image translation problem. We train our network on up to 300 whole slide images with marker inks and show that 70% of the corrected image patches are indistinguishable from originally uncontaminated image tissue to a human expert. This portion increases 97% when we replace the human expert with a deep residual network. We demonstrated the fidelity of the method to the original image by calculating the correlation between image gradient magnitudes. We observed a revival of up to 94,000 nuclei per slide in our dataset, the majority of which were located on tissue border. 
### 26.Tell-the-difference: Fine-grained Visual Descriptor via a Discriminating Referee  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06426.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate a novel problem of telling the difference between image pairs in natural language. Compared to previous approaches for single image captioning, it is challenging to fetch linguistic representation from two independent visual information. To this end, we have proposed an effective encoder-decoder caption framework based on Hyper Convolution Net. In addition, a series of novel feature fusing techniques for pairwise visual information fusing are introduced and a discriminating referee is proposed to evaluate the pipeline. Because of the lack of appropriate datasets to support this task, we have collected and annotated a large new dataset with Amazon Mechanical Turk (AMT) for generating captions in a pairwise manner (with 14764 images and 26710 image pairs in total). The dataset is the first one on the relative difference caption task that provides descriptions in free language. We evaluate the effectiveness of our model on two datasets in the field and it outperforms the state-of-the-art approach by a large margin. 
### 27.FireNet: Real-time Segmentation of Fire Perimeter from Aerial Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06407.pdf)
>  In this paper, we share our approach to real-time segmentation of fire perimeter from aerial full-motion infrared video. We start by describing the problem from a humanitarian aid and disaster response perspective. Specifically, we explain the importance of the problem, how it is currently resolved, and how our machine learning approach improves it. To test our models we annotate a large-scale dataset of 400,000 frames with guidance from domain experts. Finally, we share our approach currently deployed in production with inference speed of 20 frames per second and an accuracy of 92 (F1 Score). 
### 28.Building Information Modeling and Classification by Visual Learning At A City Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06391.pdf)
>  In this paper, we provide two case studies to demonstrate how artificial intelligence can empower civil engineering. In the first case, a machine learning-assisted framework, BRAILS, is proposed for city-scale building information modeling. Building information modeling (BIM) is an efficient way of describing buildings, which is essential to architecture, engineering, and construction. Our proposed framework employs deep learning technique to extract visual information of buildings from satellite/street view images. Further, a novel machine learning (ML)-based statistical tool, SURF, is proposed to discover the spatial patterns in building metadata. <br>The second case focuses on the task of soft-story building classification. Soft-story buildings are a type of buildings prone to collapse during a moderate or severe earthquake. Hence, identifying and retrofitting such buildings is vital in the current earthquake preparedness efforts. For this task, we propose an automated deep learning-based procedure for identifying soft-story buildings from street view images at a regional scale. We also create a large-scale building image database and a semi-automated image labeling approach that effectively annotates new database entries. Through extensive computational experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 29.The Local Elasticity of Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06943.pdf)
>  This paper presents a phenomenon in neural networks that we refer to as \textit{local elasticity}. Roughly speaking, a classifier is said to be locally elastic if its prediction at a feature vector $\bx'$ is \textit{not} significantly perturbed, after the classifier is updated via stochastic gradient descent at a (labeled) feature vector $\bx$ that is \textit{dissimilar} to $\bx'$ in a certain sense. This phenomenon is shown to persist for neural networks with nonlinear activation functions through extensive simulations on real-life and synthetic datasets, whereas this is not observed in linear classifiers. In addition, we offer a geometric interpretation of local elasticity using the neural tangent kernel \citep{jacot2018neural}. Building on top of local elasticity, we obtain pairwise similarity measures between feature vectors, which can be used for clustering in conjunction with $K$-means. The effectiveness of the clustering algorithm on the MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets in turn corroborates the hypothesis of local elasticity of neural networks on real-life data. Finally, we discuss some implications of local elasticity to shed light on several intriguing aspects of deep neural networks. 
### 30.Quantifying Classification Uncertainty using Regularized Evidential Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06864.pdf)
>  Traditional deep neural nets (NNs) have shown the state-of-the-art performance in the task of classification in various applications. However, NNs have not considered any types of uncertainty associated with the class probabilities to minimize risk due to misclassification under uncertainty in real life. Unlike Bayesian neural nets indirectly infering uncertainty through weight uncertainties, evidential neural networks (ENNs) have been recently proposed to support explicit modeling of the uncertainty of class probabilities. It treats predictions of an NN as subjective opinions and learns the function by collecting the evidence leading to these opinions by a deterministic NN from data. However, an ENN is trained as a black box without explicitly considering different types of inherent data uncertainty, such as vacuity (uncertainty due to a lack of evidence) or dissonance (uncertainty due to conflicting evidence). This paper presents a new approach, called a {\em regularized ENN}, that learns an ENN based on regularizations related to different characteristics of inherent data uncertainty. Via the experiments with both synthetic and real-world datasets, we demonstrate that the proposed regularized ENN can better learn of an ENN modeling different types of uncertainty in the class probabilities for classification tasks. 
### 31.Deep learning for Aerosol Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06789.pdf)
>  Reanalysis datasets combining numerical physics models and limited observations to generate a synthesised estimate of variables in an Earth system, are prone to biases against ground truth. Biases identified with the NASA Modern-Era Retrospective Analysis for Research and Applications, Version 2 (MERRA-2) aerosol optical depth (AOD) dataset, against the Aerosol Robotic Network (AERONET) ground measurements in previous studies, motivated the development of a deep learning based AOD prediction model globally. This study combines a convolutional neural network (CNN) with MERRA-2, tested against all AERONET sites. The new hybrid CNN-based model provides better estimates validated versus AERONET ground truth, than only using MERRA-2 reanalysis. 
### 32.Mitigating the Effect of Dataset Bias on Training Deep Models for Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06745.pdf)
>  Deep learning has gained tremendous attention on CAD (Computer-aided Diagnosing) application, particularly biomedical imaging analysis. We analyze three large-scale publicly available CXR (Chest X-ray) datasets and find that vanilla training of deep models on diagnosing common Thorax Diseases are subject to dataset bias, leading to severe performance degradation when evaluated on unseen test set. In this work, we frame the problem as multi-source domain generalization task and make two contributions to handle dataset bias: 1. we improve the classical Max-margin loss function by making it more general and smooth; 2. we propose a new training framework named MCT (Multi-layer Cross-gradient Training) for unseen data argumentation. Empirical studies show that our methods significantly improve the model generalization and robustness to dataset bias. 
### 33.Self Driving RC Car using Behavioral Cloning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06734.pdf)
>  Self Driving Car technology is a vehicle that guides itself without human conduction. The first truly autonomous cars appeared in the 1980s with projects funded by DARPA( Defense Advance Research Project Agency ). Since then a lot has changed with the improvements in the fields of Computer Vision and Machine Learning. We have used the concept of behavioral cloning to convert a normal RC model car into an autonomous car using Deep Learning technology 
### 34.Neural Approximation of an Auto-Regressive Process through Confidence Guided Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06705.pdf)
>  We propose a generic confidence-based approximation that can be plugged in and simplify the auto-regressive generation process with a proved convergence. We first assume that the priors of future samples can be generated in an independently and identically distributed (i.i.d.) manner using an efficient predictor. Given the past samples and future priors, the mother AR model can post-process the priors while the accompanied confidence predictor decides whether the current sample needs a resampling or not. Thanks to the i.i.d. assumption, the post-processing can update each sample in a parallel way, which remarkably accelerates the mother model. Our experiments on different data domains including sequences and images show that the proposed method can successfully capture the complex structures of the data and generate the meaningful future samples with lower computational cost while preserving the sequential relationship of the data. 
### 35.SafeCritic: Collision-Aware Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06673.pdf)
>  Navigating complex urban environments safely is a key to realize fully autonomous systems. Predicting future locations of vulnerable road users, such as pedestrians and cyclists, thus, has received a lot of attention in the recent years. While previous works have addressed modeling interactions with the static (obstacles) and dynamic (humans) environment agents, we address an important gap in trajectory prediction. We propose SafeCritic, a model that synergizes generative adversarial networks for generating multiple "real" trajectories with reinforcement learning to generate "safe" trajectories. The Discriminator evaluates the generated candidates on whether they are consistent with the observed inputs. The Critic network is environmentally aware to prune trajectories that are in collision or are in violation with the environment. The auto-encoding loss stabilizes training and prevents mode-collapse. We demonstrate results on two large scale data sets with a considerable improvement over state-of-the-art. We also show that the Critic is able to classify the safety of trajectories. 
### 36.Topological Navigation Graph  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06658.pdf)
>  In this article, we focus on the utilisation of reactive trajectory imitation controllers for goal-directed mobile robot navigation. We propose a topological navigation graph (TNG) - an imitation-learning-based framework for navigating through environments with intersecting trajectories. The TNG framework represents the environment as a directed graph composed of deep neural networks. Each vertex of the graph corresponds to a trajectory and is represented by a trajectory identification classifier and a trajectory imitation controller. For trajectory following, we propose the novel use of neural object detection architectures. The edges of TNG correspond to intersections between trajectories and are all represented by a classifier. We provide empirical evaluation of the proposed navigation framework and its components in simulated and real-world environments, demonstrating that TNG allows us to utilise non-goal-directed, imitation-learning methods for goal-directed autonomous navigation. 
### 37.Liver segmentation and metastases detection in MR images using convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06635.pdf)
>  Primary tumors have a high likelihood of developing metastases in the liver and early detection of these metastases is crucial for patient outcome. We propose a method based on convolutional neural networks (CNN) to detect liver metastases. First, the liver was automatically segmented using the six phases of abdominal dynamic contrast enhanced (DCE) MR images. Next, DCE-MR and diffusion weighted (DW) MR images are used for metastases detection within the liver mask. The liver segmentations have a median Dice similarity coefficient of 0.95 compared with manual annotations. The metastases detection method has a sensitivity of 99.8% with a median of 2 false positives per image. The combination of the two MR sequences in a dual pathway network is proven valuable for the detection of liver metastases. In conclusion, a high quality liver segmentation can be obtained in which we can successfully detect liver metastases. 
### 38.Multi-Frame GAN: Image Enhancement for Stereo Visual Odometry in Low Light  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06632.pdf)
>  We propose the concept of a multi-frame GAN (MFGAN) and demonstrate its potential as an image sequence enhancement for stereo visual odometry in low light conditions. We base our method on an invertible adversarial network to transfer the beneficial features of brightly illuminated scenes to the sequence in poor illumination without costly paired datasets. In order to preserve the coherent geometric cues for the translated sequence, we present a novel network architecture as well as a novel loss term combining temporal and stereo consistencies based on optical flow estimation. We demonstrate that the enhanced sequences improve the performance of state-of-the-art feature-based and direct stereo visual odometry methods on both synthetic and real datasets in challenging illumination. We also show that MFGAN outperforms other state-of-the-art image enhancement and style transfer methods by a large margin in terms of visual odometry. 
### 39.Training CNNs faster with Dynamic Input and Kernel Downsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06548.pdf)
>  We reduce training time in convolutional networks (CNNs) with a method that, for some of the mini-batches: a) scales down the resolution of input images via downsampling, and b) reduces the forward pass operations via pooling on the convolution filters. Training is performed in an interleaved fashion; some batches undergo the regular forward and backpropagation passes with original network parameters, whereas others undergo a forward pass with pooled filters and downsampled inputs. Since pooling is differentiable, the gradients of the pooled filters propagate to the original network parameters for a standard parameter update. The latter phase requires fewer floating point operations and less storage due to the reduced spatial dimensions in feature maps and filters. The key idea is that this phase leads to smaller and approximate updates and thus slower learning, but at significantly reduced cost, followed by passes that use the original network parameters as a refinement stage. Deciding how often and for which batches the downsmapling occurs can be done either stochastically or deterministically, and can be defined as a training hyperparameter itself. Experiments on residual architectures show that we can achieve up to 23% reduction in training time with minimal loss in validation accuracy. 
### 40.State of Compact Architecture Search For Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06466.pdf)
>  The design of compact deep neural networks is a crucial task to enable widespread adoption of deep neural networks in the real-world, particularly for edge and mobile scenarios. Due to the time-consuming and challenging nature of manually designing compact deep neural networks, there has been significant recent research interest into algorithms that automatically search for compact network architectures. A particularly interesting class of compact architecture search algorithms are those that are guided by baseline network architectures. Such algorithms have been shown to be significantly more computationally efficient than unguided methods. In this study, we explore the current state of compact architecture search for deep neural networks through both theoretical and empirical analysis of four different state-of-the-art compact architecture search algorithms: i) group lasso regularization, ii) variational dropout, iii) MorphNet, and iv) Generative Synthesis. We examine these methods in detail based on a number of different factors such as efficiency, effectiveness, and scalability. Furthermore, empirical evaluations are conducted to compare the efficacy of these compact architecture search algorithms across three well-known benchmark datasets. While by no means an exhaustive exploration, we hope that this study helps provide insights into the interesting state of this relatively new area of research in terms of diversity and real, tangible gains already achieved in architecture design improvements. Furthermore, the hope is that this study would help in pushing the conversation forward towards a deeper theoretical and empirical understanding where the research community currently stands in the landscape of compact architecture search for deep neural networks, and the practical challenges and considerations in leveraging such approaches for operational usage. 
### 41.Real-time Data Driven Precision Estimator for RAVEN-II Surgical Robot End Effector Position  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06425.pdf)
>  Surgical robots have been introduced to operating rooms over the past few decades due to their high sensitivity, small size, and remote controllability. The cable-driven nature of many surgical robots allows the systems to be dexterous and lightweight, with diameters as low as 5mm. However, due to the slack and stretch of the cables and the backlash of the gears, inevitable uncertainties are brought into the kinematics calculation. Since the reported end effector position of surgical robots like RAVEN-II is directly calculated using the motor encoder measurements and forward kinematics, it may contain relatively large error up to 10mm, whereas semi-autonomous functions being introduced into abdominal surgeries require position inaccuracy of at most 1mm. To resolve the problem, a cost-effective, real-time and data-driven pipeline for robot end effector position precision estimation is proposed and tested on RAVEN-II. Analysis shows an improved end effector position error of around 1mm RMS traversing through the entire robot workspace without high-resolution motion tracker. 
