# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 17 Oct 2019
### 1.LOST: A flexible framework for semi-automatic image annotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07486.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art computer vision approaches rely on huge amounts of annotated data. The collection of such data is a time consuming process since it is mainly performed by humans. The literature shows that semi-automatic annotation approaches can significantly speed up the annotation process by the automatic generation of annotation proposals to support the annotator. In this paper we present a framework that allows for a quick and flexible design of semi-automatic annotation pipelines. We show that a good design of the process will speed up the collection of annotations. Our contribution is a new approach to image annotation that allows for the combination of different annotation tools and machine learning algorithms in one process. We further present potential applications of our approach. The source code of our framework called LOST (Label Objects and Save Time) is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/l3p-cv/lost" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 2.Understanding Misclassifications by Attributes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07416.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim to understand and explain the decisions of deep neural networks by studying the behavior of predicted attributes when adversarial examples are introduced. We study the changes in attributes for clean as well as adversarial images in both standard and adversarially robust networks. We propose a metric to quantify the robustness of an adversarially robust network against adversarial attacks. In a standard network, attributes predicted for adversarial images are consistent with the wrong class, while attributes predicted for the clean images are consistent with the true class. In an adversarially robust network, the attributes predicted for adversarial images classified correctly are consistent with the true class. Finally, we show that the ability to robustify a network varies for different datasets. For the fine grained dataset, it is higher as compared to the coarse-grained dataset. Additionally, the ability to robustify a network increases with the increase in adversarial noise. 
### 3.Offline handwritten mathematical symbol recognition utilising deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07395.pdf)
>  This paper describes an approach for offline recognition of handwritten mathematical symbols. The process of symbol recognition in this paper includes symbol segmentation and accurate classification for over 300 classes. Many multidimensional mathematical symbols need both horizontal and vertical projection to be segmented. However, some symbols do not permit to be projected and stop segmentation, such as the root symbol. Besides, many mathematical symbols are structurally similar, specifically in handwritten such as 0 and null. There are more than 300 Mathematical symbols. Therefore, designing an accurate classifier for more than 300 classes is required. This paper initially addresses the issue regarding segmentation using Simple Linear Iterative Clustering (SLIC). Experimental results indicate that the accuracy of the designed kNN classifier is 84% for salient, 57% Histogram of Oriented Gradient (HOG), 53% for Linear Binary Pattern (LBP) and finally 43% for pixel intensity of raw image for 66 classes. 87 classes using modified LeNet represents 90% accuracy. Finally, for 101 classes, SqueezeNet ac 
### 4.Iterative augmentation of visual evidence for weakly-supervised lesion localization in deep interpretability frameworks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07373.pdf)
>  Interpretability of deep learning (DL) systems is gaining attention in medical imaging to increase experts' trust in the obtained predictions and facilitate their integration in clinical settings. We propose a deep visualization method to generate interpretability of DL classification tasks in medical imaging by means of visual evidence augmentation. The proposed method iteratively unveils abnormalities based on the prediction of a classifier trained only with image-level labels. For each image, initial visual evidence of the prediction is extracted with a given visual attribution technique. This provides localization of abnormalities that are then removed through selective inpainting. We iteratively apply this procedure until the system considers the image as normal. This yields augmented visual evidence, including less discriminative lesions which were not detected at first but should be considered for final diagnosis. We apply the method to grading of two retinal diseases in color fundus images: diabetic retinopathy (DR) and age-related macular degeneration (AMD). We evaluate the generated visual evidence and the performance of weakly-supervised localization of different types of DR and AMD abnormalities, both qualitatively and quantitatively. We show that the augmented visual evidence of the predictions highlights the biomarkers considered by the experts for diagnosis and improves the final localization performance. It results in a relative increase of 11.2$\pm$2.0% per image regarding average sensitivity per average 10 false positives, when applied to different classification tasks, visual attribution techniques and network architectures. This makes the proposed method a useful tool for exhaustive visual support of DL classifiers in medical imaging. 
### 5.Conservation AI: Live Stream Analysis for the Detection of Endangered Species Using Convolutional Neural Networks and Drone Technology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07360.pdf)
>  Many different species are adversely affected by poaching. In response to this escalating crisis, efforts to stop poaching using hidden cameras, drones and DNA tracking have been implemented with varying degrees of success. Limited resources, costs and logistical limitations are often the cause of most unsuccessful poaching interventions. The study presented in this paper outlines a flexible and interoperable framework for the automatic detection of animals and poaching activity to facilitate early intervention practices. Using a robust deep learning pipeline, a convolutional neural network is trained and implemented to detect rhinos and cars (considered an important tool in poaching for fast access and artefact transportation in natural habitats) in the study, that are found within live video streamed from drones Transfer learning with the Faster RCNN Resnet 101 is performed to train a custom model with 350 images of rhinos and 350 images of cars. Inference is performed using a frame sampling technique to address the required trade-off control precision and processing speed and maintain synchronisation with the live feed. Inference models are hosted on a web platform using flask web serving, OpenCV and TensorFlow 1.13. Video streams are transmitted from a DJI Mavic Pro 2 drone using the Real-Time Messaging Protocol (RMTP). The best trained Faster RCNN model achieved a mAP of 0.83 @IOU 0.50 and 0.69 @IOU 0.75 respectively. In comparison an SSD-mobilenetmodel trained under the same experimental conditions achieved a mAP of 0.55 @IOU .50 and 0.27 @IOU 0.75.The results demonstrate that using a FRCNN and off-the-shelf drones is a promising and scalable option for a range of conservation projects. 
### 6.A Generalized and Robust Method Towards Practical Gaze Estimation on Smart Phone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07331.pdf)
>  Gaze estimation for ordinary smart phone, e.g. estimating where the user is looking at on the phone screen, can be applied in various applications. However, the widely used appearance-based CNN methods still have two issues for practical adoption. First, due to the limited dataset, gaze estimation is very likely to suffer from over-fitting, leading to poor accuracy at run time. Second, the current methods are usually not robust, i.e. their prediction results having notable jitters even when the user is performing gaze fixation, which degrades user experience greatly. For the first issue, we propose a new tolerant and talented (TAT) training scheme, which is an iterative random knowledge distillation framework enhanced with cosine similarity pruning and aligned orthogonal initialization. The knowledge distillation is a tolerant teaching process providing diverse and informative supervision. The enhanced pruning and initialization is a talented learning process prompting the network to escape from the local minima and re-born from a better start. For the second issue, we define a new metric to measure the robustness of gaze estimator, and propose an adversarial training based Disturbance with Ordinal loss (DwO) method to improve it. The experimental results show that our TAT method achieves state-of-the-art performance on GazeCapture dataset, and that our DwO method improves the robustness while keeping comparable accuracy. 
### 7.Segmentation Criteria in the Problem of Porosity Determination based on CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07328.pdf)
>  Porous materials are widely used in different applications, in particular they are used to create various filters. Their quality depends on parameters that characterize the internal structure such as porosity, permeability and so on. Computed tomography (CT) allows one to see the internal structure of a porous object without destroying it. The result of tomography is a gray image. To evaluate the desired parameters, the image should be segmented. Traditional intensity threshold approaches did not reliably produce correct results due to limitations with CT images quality. Errors in the evaluation of characteristics of porous materials based on segmented images can lead to the incorrect estimation of their quality and consequently to the impossibility of exploitation, financial losses and even to accidents. It is difficult to perform correctly segmentation due to the strong difference in voxel intensities of the reconstructed object and the presence of noise. Image filtering as a preprocessing procedure is used to improve the quality of segmentation. Nevertheless, there is a problem of choosing an optimal filter. In this work, a method for selecting an optimal filter based on attributive indicator of porous objects (should be free from 'levitating stones' inside of pores) is proposed. In this paper, we use real data where beam hardening artifacts are removed, which allows us to focus on the noise reduction process 
### 8.Transform the Set: Memory Attentive Generation of Guided and Unguided Image Collages  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07236.pdf)
>  Cutting and pasting image segments feels intuitive: the choice of source templates gives artists flexibility in recombining existing source material. Formally, this process takes an image set as input and outputs a collage of the set elements. Such selection from sets of source templates does not fit easily in classical convolutional neural models requiring inputs of fixed size. Inspired by advances in attention and set-input machine learning, we present a novel architecture that can generate in one forward pass image collages of source templates using set-structured representations. This paper has the following contributions: (i) a novel framework for image generation called Memory Attentive Generation of Image Collages (MAGIC) which gives artists new ways to create digital collages; (ii) from the machine-learning perspective, we show a novel Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) architecture that uses Set-Transformer layers and set-pooling to blend sets of random image samples - a hybrid non-parametric approach. 
### 9.Aerial Images Processing for Car Detection using Convolutional Neural Networks: Comparison between Faster R-CNN and YoloV3  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07234.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of car detection from aerial images using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN). This problem presents additional challenges as compared to car (or any object) detection from ground images because features of vehicles from aerial images are more difficult to discern. To investigate this issue, we assess the performance of two state-of-the-art CNN algorithms, namely Faster R-CNN, which is the most popular region-based algorithm, and YOLOv3, which is known to be the fastest detection algorithm. We analyze two datasets with different characteristics to check the impact of various factors, such as UAV's altitude, camera resolution, and object size. The objective of this work is to conduct a robust comparison between these two cutting-edge algorithms. By using a variety of metrics, we show that none of the two algorithms outperforms the other in all cases. 
### 10.Generative Modeling for Small-Data Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07169.pdf)
>  This paper explores object detection in the small data regime, where only a limited number of annotated bounding boxes are available due to data rarity and annotation expense. This is a common challenge today with machine learning being applied to many new tasks where obtaining training data is more challenging, e.g. in medical images with rare diseases that doctors sometimes only see once in their life-time. In this work we explore this problem from a generative modeling perspective by learning to generate new images with associated bounding boxes, and using these for training an object detector. We show that simply training previously proposed generative models does not yield satisfactory performance due to them optimizing for image realism rather than object detection accuracy. To this end we develop a new model with a novel unrolling mechanism that jointly optimizes the generative model and a detector such that the generated images improve the performance of the detector. We show this method outperforms the state of the art on two challenging datasets, disease detection and small data pedestrian detection, improving the average precision on NIH Chest X-ray by a relative 20% and localization accuracy by a relative 50%. 
### 11.Design of a Simple Orthogonal Multiwavelet Filter by Matrix Spectral Factorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07133.pdf)
>  We consider the design of an orthogonal symmetric/antisymmetric multiwavelet from its matrix product filter by matrix spectral factorization (MSF). As a test problem, we construct a simple matrix product filter with desirable properties, and factor it using Bauer's method, which in this case can be done in closed form. The corresponding orthogonal multiwavelet function is derived using algebraic techniques which allow symmetry to be considered. This leads to the known orthogonal multiwavelet SA1, which can also be derived directly. We also give a lifting scheme for SA1, investigate the influence of the number of significant digits in the calculations, and show some numerical experiments. 
### 12.Large-Scale Landslides Detection from Satellite Images with Incomplete Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07129.pdf)
>  Earthquakes and tropical cyclones cause the suffering of millions of people around the world every year. The resulting landslides exacerbate the effects of these disasters. Landslide detection is, therefore, a critical task for the protection of human life and livelihood in mountainous areas. To tackle this problem, we propose a combination of satellite technology and Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). We evaluate the performance of multiple DNN-based methods for landslide detection on actual satellite images of landslide damage. Our analysis demonstrates the potential for a meaningful social impact in terms of disasters and rescue. 
### 13.DeepErase: Weakly Supervised Ink Artifact Removal in Document Text Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07070.pdf)
>  Paper-intensive industries like insurance, law, and government have long leveraged optical character recognition (OCR) to automatically transcribe hordes of scanned documents into text strings for downstream processing. Even in 2019, there are still many scanned documents and mail that come into businesses in non-digital format. Text to be extracted from real world documents is often nestled inside rich formatting, such as tabular structures or forms with fill-in-the-blank boxes or underlines whose ink often touches or even strikes through the ink of the text itself. Further, the text region could have random ink smudges or spurious strokes. Such ink artifacts can severely interfere with the performance of recognition algorithms or other downstream processing tasks. In this work, we propose DeepErase, a neural-based preprocessor to erase ink artifacts from text images. We devise a method to programmatically assemble real text images and real artifacts into realistic-looking "dirty" text images, and use them to train an artifact segmentation network in a weakly supervised manner, since pixel-level annotations are automatically obtained during the assembly process. In addition to high segmentation accuracy, we show that our cleansed images achieve a significant boost in recognition accuracy by popular OCR software such as Tesseract 4.0. Finally, we test DeepErase on out-of-distribution datasets (NIST SDB) of scanned IRS tax return forms and achieve double-digit improvements in accuracy. All experiments are performed on both printed and handwritten text. Code for all experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yikeqicn/DeepErase" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 14.On adversarial patches: real-world attack on ArcFace-100 face recognition system  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07067.pdf)
>  Recent works showed the vulnerability of image classifiers to adversarial attacks in the digital domain. However, the majority of attacks involve adding small perturbation to an image to fool the classifier. Unfortunately, such procedures can not be used to conduct a real-world attack, where adding an adversarial attribute to the photo is a more practical approach. In this paper, we study the problem of real-world attacks on face recognition systems. We examine security of one of the best public face recognition systems, LResNet100E-IR with ArcFace loss, and propose a simple method to attack it in the physical world. The method suggests creating an adversarial patch that can be printed, added as a face attribute and photographed; the photo of a person with such attribute is then passed to the classifier such that the classifier's recognized class changes from correct to the desired one. Proposed generating procedure allows projecting adversarial patches not only on different areas of the face, such as nose or forehead but also on some wearable accessory, such as eyeglasses. 
### 15.Attention Network Robustification for Person ReID  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07038.pdf)
>  The task of person re-identification (ReID) has attracted growing attention in recent years with improving performance but lack of focus on real-world applications. Most state of the art methods use large pre-trained models, e.g., ResNet50 (~25M parameters), as their backbone, which makes it tedious to explore different architecture modifications. In this study, we focus on small-sized randomly initialized models which enable us to easily introduce network and training modifications suitable for person ReID public datasets and real-world setups. We show the robustness of our network and training improvements by outperforming state of the art results in terms of rank-1 accuracy and mAP on Market1501 (96.2, 89.7) and DukeMTMC (89.8, 80.3) with only 6.4M parameters and without using re-ranking. Finally, we show the applicability of the proposed ReID network for multi-object tracking. 
### 16.A Survey on Recent Advancements for AI Enabled Radiomics in Neuro-Oncology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07470.pdf)
>  Artificial intelligence (AI) enabled radiomics has evolved immensely especially in the field of oncology. Radiomics provide assistancein diagnosis of cancer, planning of treatment strategy, and predictionof survival. Radiomics in neuro-oncology has progressed significantly inthe recent past. Deep learning has outperformed conventional machinelearning methods in most image-based applications. Convolutional neu-ral networks (CNNs) have seen some popularity in radiomics, since theydo not require hand-crafted features and can automatically extract fea-tures during the learning process. In this regard, it is observed that CNNbased radiomics could provide state-of-the-art results in neuro-oncology,similar to the recent success of such methods in a wide spectrum ofmedical image analysis applications. Herein we present a review of the most recent best practices and establish the future trends for AI enabled radiomics in neuro-oncology. 
### 17.Gaze Gestures and Their Applications in human-computer interaction with a head-mounted display  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07428.pdf)
>  A head-mounted display (HMD) is a portable and interactive display device. With the development of 5G technology, it may become a general-purpose computing platform in the future. Human-computer interaction (HCI) technology for HMDs has also been of significant interest in recent years. In addition to tracking gestures and speech, tracking human eyes as a means of interaction is highly effective. In this paper, we propose two UnityEyes-based convolutional neural network models, UEGazeNet and UEGazeNet*, which can be used for input images with low resolution and high resolution, respectively. These models can perform rapid interactions by classifying gaze trajectories (GTs), and a GTgestures dataset containing data for 10,200 "eye-painting gestures" collected from 15 individuals is established with our gaze-tracking method. We evaluated the performance both indoors and outdoors and the UEGazeNet can obtaine results 52\% and 67\% better than those of state-of-the-art networks. The generalizability of our GTgestures dataset using a variety of gaze-tracking models is evaluated, and an average recognition rate of 96.71\% is obtained by our method. 
### 18.On the Global Optima of Kernelized Adversarial Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07423.pdf)
>  Adversarial representation learning is a promising paradigm for obtaining data representations that are invariant to certain sensitive attributes while retaining the information necessary for predicting target attributes. Existing approaches solve this problem through iterative adversarial minimax optimization and lack theoretical guarantees. In this paper, we first study the "linear" form of this problem i.e., the setting where all the players are linear functions. We show that the resulting optimization problem is both non-convex and non-differentiable. We obtain an exact closed-form expression for its global optima through spectral learning and provide performance guarantees in terms of analytical bounds on the achievable utility and invariance. We then extend this solution and analysis to non-linear functions through kernel representation. Numerical experiments on UCI, Extended Yale B and CIFAR-100 datasets indicate that, (a) practically, our solution is ideal for "imparting" provable invariance to any biased pre-trained data representation, and (b) empirically, the trade-off between utility and invariance provided by our solution is comparable to iterative minimax optimization of existing deep neural network based approaches. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/human-analysis/Kernel-ARL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 19.Conditional Invertible Flow for Point Cloud Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07344.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on a novel generative approach for 3D point clouds that makes use of invertible flow-based models. The main idea of the method is to treat a point cloud as a probability density in 3D space that is modeled using a cloud-specific neural network. To capture the similarity between point clouds we rely on parameter sharing among networks, with each cloud having only a small embedding vector that defines it. We use invertible flows networks to generate the individual point clouds, and to regularize the embedding vectors. We evaluate the generative capabilities of the model both in qualitative and quantitative manner. 
### 20.Animating Landscape: Self-Supervised Learning of Decoupled Motion and Appearance for Single-Image Video Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07192.pdf)
>  Automatic generation of a high-quality video from a single image remains a challenging task despite the recent advances in deep generative models. This paper proposes a method that can create a high-resolution, long-term animation using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) from a single landscape image where we mainly focus on skies and waters. Our key observation is that the motion (e.g., moving clouds) and appearance (e.g., time-varying colors in the sky) in natural scenes have different time scales. We thus learn them separately and predict them with decoupled control while handling future uncertainty in both predictions by introducing latent codes. Unlike previous methods that infer output frames directly, our CNNs predict spatially-smooth intermediate data, i.e., for motion, flow fields for warping, and for appearance, color transfer maps, via self-supervised learning, i.e., without explicitly-provided ground truth. These intermediate data are applied not to each previous output frame, but to the input image only once for each output frame. This design is crucial to alleviate error accumulation in long-term predictions, which is the essential problem in previous recurrent approaches. The output frames can be looped like cinemagraph, and also be controlled directly by specifying latent codes or indirectly via visual annotations. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method through comparisons with the state-of-the-arts on video prediction as well as appearance manipulation. 
### 21.Consistency-Based Semi-Supervised Active Learning: Towards Minimizing Labeling Cost  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07153.pdf)
>  Active learning (AL) integrates data labeling and model training to minimize the labeling cost by prioritizing the selection of high value data that can best improve model performance. Readily-available unlabeled data are used for selection mechanisms, but are not used for model training in most conventional pool-based AL methods. To minimize the labeling cost, we unify unlabeled sample selection and model training based on two principles. First, we exploit both labeled and unlabeled data using semi-supervised learning (SSL) to distill information from unlabeled data that improves representation learning and sample selection. Second, we propose a simple yet effective selection metric that is coherent with the training objective such that the selected samples are effective at improving model performance. Experimental results demonstrate superior performance of our proposed principles for limited labeled data compared to alternative AL and SSL combinations. In addition, we study an important problem -- "When can we start AL?". We propose a measure that is empirically correlated with the AL target loss and can be used to assist in determining the proper start point. 
### 22.Automated Detection of Left Ventricle in Arterial Input Function Images for Inline Perfusion Mapping using Deep Learning: A study of 15,000 Patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07122.pdf)
>  Quantification of myocardial perfusion has the potential to improve detection of regional and global flow reduction. Significant effort has been made to automate the workflow, where one essential step is the arterial input function (AIF) extraction. Since failure here invalidates quantification, high accuracy is required. For this purpose, this study presents a robust AIF detection method using the convolutional neural net (CNN) model. CNN models were trained by assembling 25,027 scans (N=12,984 patients) from three hospitals, seven scanners. A test set of 5,721 scans (N=2,805 patients) evaluated model performance. The 2D+T AIF time series was inputted into CNN. Two variations were investigated: a) Two Classes (2CS) for background and foreground (LV mask); b) Three Classes (3CS) for background, foreground LV and RV. Final model was deployed on MR scanners via the Gadgetron InlineAI. Model loading time on MR scanner was ~340ms and applying it took ~180ms. The 3CS model successfully detect LV for 99.98% of all test cases (1 failed out of 5,721 cases). The mean Dice ratio for 3CS was 0.87+/-0.08 with 92.0% of all test cases having Dice ratio &gt;0.75, while the 2CS model gave lower Dice of 0.82+/-0.22 (P&lt;1e-5). Extracted AIF signals using CNN were further compared to manual ground-truth for foot-time, peak-time, first-pass duration, peak value and area-under-curve. No significant differences were found for all features (P&gt;0.2). This study proposed, validated, and deployed a robust CNN solution to detect the LV for the extraction of the AIF signal used in fully automated perfusion flow mapping. A very large data cohort was assembled and resulting models were deployed to MR scanners for fully inline AI in clinical hospitals. 
### 23.Solving Rubik's Cube with a Robot Hand  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07113.pdf)
>  We demonstrate that models trained only in simulation can be used to solve a manipulation problem of unprecedented complexity on a real robot. This is made possible by two key components: a novel algorithm, which we call automatic domain randomization (ADR) and a robot platform built for machine learning. ADR automatically generates a distribution over randomized environments of ever-increasing difficulty. Control policies and vision state estimators trained with ADR exhibit vastly improved sim2real transfer. For control policies, memory-augmented models trained on an ADR-generated distribution of environments show clear signs of emergent meta-learning at test time. The combination of ADR with our custom robot platform allows us to solve a Rubik's cube with a humanoid robot hand, which involves both control and state estimation problems. Videos summarizing our results are available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://openai.com/blog/solving-rubiks-cube/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 24.Wasserstein GANs for MR Imaging: from Paired to Unpaired Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07048.pdf)
>  Lack of ground-truth MR images (labels) impedes the common supervised training of deep networks for image reconstruction. To cope with this challenge, this paper leverages WGANs for unpaired training of reconstruction networks, where the inputs are the undersampled naively reconstructed images from one dataset, and the outputs are high-quality images from another dataset. The generator network is an unrolled neural network with a cascade of residual blocks and data consistency modules. The discriminator is also a multilayer CNN that plays the role of a critic scoring the quality of reconstructed images. Our extensive experiments with knee MRI datasets demonstrate unpaired WGAN training with minimal supervision is a viable option when there exists insufficient or no fully-sampled training label images that match the input images. Also, supervised paired training with additional WGAN loss achieves better and faster reconstruction compared to wavelet-based compressed sensing. 
### 25.MUTE: Data-Similarity Driven Multi-hot Target Encoding for Neural Network Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.07042.pdf)
>  Target encoding is an effective technique to deliver better performance for conventional machine learning methods, and recently, for deep neural networks as well. However, the existing target encoding approaches require significant increase in the learning capacity, thus demand higher computation power and more training data. In this paper, we present a novel and efficient target encoding scheme, MUTE to improve both generalizability and robustness of a target model by understanding the inter-class characteristics of a target dataset. By extracting the confusion level between the target classes in a dataset, MUTE strategically optimizes the Hamming distances among target encoding. Such optimized target encoding offers higher classification strength for neural network models with negligible computation overhead and without increasing the model size. When MUTE is applied to the popular image classification networks and datasets, our experimental results show that MUTE offers better generalization and defense against the noises and adversarial attacks over the existing solutions. 
### 26.Autonomous Aerial Cinematography In Unstructured Environments With Learned Artistic Decision-Making  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.06988.pdf)
>  Aerial cinematography is revolutionizing industries that require live and dynamic camera viewpoints such as entertainment, sports, and security. However, safely piloting a drone while filming a moving target in the presence of obstacles is immensely taxing, often requiring multiple expert human operators. Hence, there is demand for an autonomous cinematographer that can reason about both geometry and scene context in real-time. Existing approaches do not address all aspects of this problem; they either require high-precision motion-capture systems or GPS tags to localize targets, rely on prior maps of the environment, plan for short time horizons, or only follow artistic guidelines specified before flight. <br>In this work, we address the problem in its entirety and propose a complete system for real-time aerial cinematography that for the first time combines: (1) vision-based target estimation; (2) 3D signed-distance mapping for occlusion estimation; (3) efficient trajectory optimization for long time-horizon camera motion; and (4) learning-based artistic shot selection. We extensively evaluate our system both in simulation and in field experiments by filming dynamic targets moving through unstructured environments. Our results indicate that our system can operate reliably in the real world without restrictive assumptions. We also provide in-depth analysis and discussions for each module, with the hope that our design tradeoffs can generalize to other related applications. Videos of the complete system can be found at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/ookhHnqmlaU" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
