# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 21 Oct 2019
### 1.Single and Cross-Dimensional Feature Detection and Description: An Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08515.pdf)
>  Three-dimensional local feature detection and description techniques are widely used for object registration and recognition applications. Although several evaluations of 3D local feature detection and description methods have already been published, these are constrained in a single dimensional scheme, i.e. either 3D or 2D methods that are applied onto multiple projections of the 3D data. However, cross-dimensional (mixed 2D and 3D) feature detection and description has yet to be investigated. Here, we evaluated the performance of both single and cross-dimensional feature detection and description methods on several 3D datasets and demonstrated the superiority of cross-dimensional over single-dimensional schemes. 
### 2.Understanding Deep Networks via Extremal Perturbations and Smooth Masks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08485.pdf)
>  The problem of attribution is concerned with identifying the parts of an input that are responsible for a model's output. An important family of attribution methods is based on measuring the effect of perturbations applied to the input. In this paper, we discuss some of the shortcomings of existing approaches to perturbation analysis and address them by introducing the concept of extremal perturbations, which are theoretically grounded and interpretable. We also introduce a number of technical innovations to compute extremal perturbations, including a new area constraint and a parametric family of smooth perturbations, which allow us to remove all tunable hyper-parameters from the optimization problem. We analyze the effect of perturbations as a function of their area, demonstrating excellent sensitivity to the spatial properties of the deep neural network under stimulation. We also extend perturbation analysis to the intermediate layers of a network. This application allows us to identify the salient channels necessary for classification, which, when visualized using feature inversion, can be used to elucidate model behavior. Lastly, we introduce TorchRay, an interpretability library built on PyTorch. 
### 3.Illumination-Based Data Augmentation for Robust Background Subtraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08470.pdf)
>  A core challenge in background subtraction (BGS) is handling videos with sudden illumination changes in consecutive frames. In this paper, we tackle the problem from a data point-of-view using data augmentation. Our method performs data augmentation that not only creates endless data on the fly, but also features semantic transformations of illumination which enhance the generalisation of the model. It successfully simulates flashes and shadows by applying the Euclidean distance transform over a binary mask that is randomly generated. Such data allows us to effectively train an illumination-invariant deep learning model for BGS. Experimental results demonstrate the contribution of the synthetics in the ability of the models to perform BGS even when significant illumination changes take place. The source code of the project is made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dksakkos/illumination_augmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 4.A novel centroid update approach for clustering-based superpixel method and superpixel-based edge detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08439.pdf)
>  Superpixel is widely used in image processing. And among the methods for superpixel generation, clustering-based methods have a high speed and a good performance at the same time. However, most clustering-based superpixel methods are sensitive to noise. To solve these problems, in this paper, we first analyze the features of noise. Then according to the statistical features of noise, we propose a novel centroid updating approach to enhance the robustness of the clustering-based superpixel methods. Besides, we propose a novel superpixel based edge detection method. The experiments on BSD500 dataset show that our approach can significantly enhance the performance of clustering-based superpixel methods in noisy environment. Moreover, we also show that our proposed edge detection method outperforms other classical methods. 
### 5.Image Deconvolution with Deep Image and Kernel Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08386.pdf)
>  Image deconvolution is the process of recovering convolutional degraded images, which is always a hard inverse problem because of its mathematically ill-posed property. On the success of the recently proposed deep image prior (DIP), we build an image deconvolution model with deep image and kernel priors (DIKP). DIP is a learning-free representation which uses neural net structures to express image prior information, and it showed great success in many energy-based models, e.g. denoising, super-resolution, inpainting. Instead, our DIKP model uses such priors in image deconvolution to model not only images but also kernels, combining the ideas of traditional learning-free deconvolution methods with neural nets. In this paper, we show that DIKP improve the performance of learning-free image deconvolution, and we experimentally demonstrate this on the standard benchmark of six standard test images in terms of PSNR and visual effects. 
### 6.Deformable Kernel Networks for Joint Image Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08373.pdf)
>  Joint image filters are used to transfer structural details from a guidance picture used as a prior to a target image, in tasks such as enhancing spatial resolution and suppressing noise. Previous methods based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) combine nonlinear activations of spatially-invariant kernels to estimate structural details and regress the filtering result. In this paper, we instead learn explicitly sparse and spatially-variant kernels. We propose a CNN architecture and its efficient implementation, called the deformable kernel network (DKN), that outputs sets of neighbors and the corresponding weights adaptively for each pixel. The filtering result is then computed as a weighted average. We also propose a fast version of DKN that runs about seventeen times faster for an image of size 640 x 480. We demonstrate the effectiveness and flexibility of our models on the tasks of depth map upsampling, saliency map upsampling, cross-modality image restoration, texture removal, and semantic segmentation. In particular, we show that the weighted averaging process with sparsely sampled 3 x 3 kernels outperforms the state of the art by a significant margin in all cases. 
### 7.Automatic Data Augmentation by Learning the Deterministic Policy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08343.pdf)
>  Aiming to produce sufficient and diverse training samples, data augmentation has been demonstrated for its effectiveness in training deep models. Regarding that the criterion of the best augmentation is challenging to define, we in this paper present a novel learning-based augmentation method termed as DeepAugNet, which formulates the final augmented data as a collection of several sequentially augmented subsets. Specifically, the current augmented subset is required to maximize the performance improvement compared with the last augmented subset by learning the deterministic augmentation policy using deep reinforcement learning. By introducing an unified optimization goal, DeepAugNet intends to combine the data augmentation and the deep model training in an end-to-end training manner which is realized by simultaneously training a hybrid architecture of dueling deep Q-learning algorithm and a surrogate deep model. We extensively evaluated our proposed DeepAugNet on various benchmark datasets including Fashion MNIST, CUB, CIFAR-100 and WebCaricature. Compared with the current state-of-the-arts, our method can achieve a significant improvement in small-scale datasets, and a comparable performance in large-scale datasets. Code will be available soon. 
### 8.KerCNNs: biologically inspired lateral connections for classification of corrupted images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08336.pdf)
>  The state of the art in many computer vision tasks is represented by Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Although their hierarchical organization and local feature extraction are inspired by the structure of primate visual systems, the lack of lateral connections in such architectures critically distinguishes their analysis from biological object processing. The idea of enriching CNNs with recurrent lateral connections of convolutional type has been put into practice in recent years, in the form of learned recurrent kernels with no geometrical constraints. In the present work, we introduce biologically plausible lateral kernels encoding a notion of correlation between the feedforward filters of a CNN: at each layer, the associated kernel acts as a transition kernel on the space of activations. The lateral kernels are defined in terms of the filters, thus providing a parameter-free approach to assess the geometry of horizontal connections based on the feedforward structure. We then test this new architecture, which we call KerCNN, on a generalization task related to global shape analysis and pattern completion: once trained for performing basic image classification, the network is evaluated on corrupted testing images. The image perturbations examined are designed to undermine the recognition of the images via local features, thus requiring an integration of context information - which in biological vision is critically linked to lateral connectivity. Our KerCNNs turn out to be far more stable than CNNs and recurrent CNNs to such degradations, thus validating this biologically inspired approach to reinforce object recognition under challenging conditions. 
### 9.Multimodal Image Super-resolution via Deep Unfolding with Side Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08320.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods have been successfully applied to various computer vision tasks. However, existing neural network architectures do not per se incorporate domain knowledge about the addressed problem, thus, understanding what the model has learned is an open research topic. In this paper, we rely on the unfolding of an iterative algorithm for sparse approximation with side information, and design a deep learning architecture for multimodal image super-resolution that incorporates sparse priors and effectively utilizes information from another image modality. We develop two deep models performing reconstruction of a high-resolution image of a target image modality from its low-resolution variant with the aid of a high-resolution image from a second modality. We apply the proposed models to super-resolve near-infrared images using as side information high-resolution RGB\ images. Experimental results demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed models against state-of-the-art methods including unimodal and multimodal approaches. 
### 10.Diversity in Fashion Recommendation using Semantic Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08292.pdf)
>  Developing recommendation system for fashion images is challenging due to the inherent ambiguity associated with what criterion a user is looking at. Suggesting multiple images where each output image is similar to the query image on the basis of a different feature or part is one way to mitigate the problem. Existing works for fashion recommendation have used Siamese or Triplet network to learn features between a similar pair and a similar-dissimilar triplet respectively. However, these methods do not provide basic information such as, how two clothing images are similar, or which parts present in the two images make them similar. In this paper, we propose to recommend images by explicitly learning and exploiting part based similarity. We propose a novel approach of learning discriminative features from weakly-supervised data by using visual attention over the parts and a texture encoding network. We show that the learned features surpass the state-of-the-art in retrieval task on DeepFashion dataset. We then use the proposed model to recommend fashion images having an explicit variation with respect to similarity of any of the parts. 
### 11.PointRNN: Point Recurrent Neural Network for Moving Point Cloud Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08287.pdf)
>  Point cloud is attracting more and more attention in the community. However, few works study dynamic point clouds. In this paper, we introduce a Point Recurrent Neural Network (PointRNN) unit for moving point cloud processing. To keep the spatial structure, rather than taking a sole one-dimensional vector $\boldsymbol{x} \in \mathbb{R}^d$ like RNN as input, PointRNN takes points' coordinates $\boldsymbol{P} \in \mathbb{R}^{n \times 3}$ and their features $\boldsymbol{X} \in \mathbb{R}^{n \times d}$ as inputs ($n$ and $d$ denote the number of points and feature dimensions, respectively). Accordingly, the state $\boldsymbol{s} \in \mathbb{R}^{d'}$ in RNN are extended to $(\boldsymbol{P}, \boldsymbol{S} \in \mathbb{R}^{n \times d'})$ in PointRNN ($d'$ denotes the number of state dimensions). Since point clouds are orderless, features and states of two adjacent time steps can not be directly operated. Therefore, PointRNN replaces the concatenation operation in RNN with a correlation operation, which aggregates inputs and states according to points' coordinates. To evaluate PointRNN, we apply one of its variants, i.e., Point Long Short-Term Memory (PointLSTM), to moving point cloud prediction, which aims to predict the future trajectories of points in a cloud given their history movements. Experimental results show that PointLSTM is able to produce correct predictions on both synthetic and real-world datasets, demonstrating its effectiveness to model point cloud sequences. The code has been released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hehefan/PointRNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 12.BOBBY2: Buffer Based Robust High-Speed Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08263.pdf)
>  In this work, a novel high-speed single object tracker that is robust against non-semantic distractor exemplars is introduced; dubbed BOBBY2. It incorporates a novel exemplar buffer module that sparsely caches the target's appearance across time, enabling it to adapt to potential target deformation. As for training, an augmented ImageNet-VID dataset was used in conjunction with the one cycle policy, enabling it to reach convergence with less than 2 epoch worth of data. For validation, the model was benchmarked on the GOT-10k dataset and on an additional small, albeit challenging custom UAV dataset collected with the TU-3 UAV. We demonstrate that the exemplar buffer is capable of providing redundancies in case of unintended target drifts, a desirable trait in any middle to long term tracking. Even when the buffer is predominantly filled with distractors instead of valid exemplars, BOBBY2 is capable of maintaining a near-optimal level of accuracy. BOBBY2 manages to achieve a very competitive result on the GOT-10k dataset and to a lesser degree on the challenging custom TU-3 dataset, without fine-tuning, demonstrating its generalizability. In terms of speed, BOBBY2 utilizes a stripped down AlexNet as feature extractor with 63% less parameters than a vanilla AlexNet, thus being able to run at a competitive 85 FPS. 
### 13.Eye in the Sky: Drone-Based Object Tracking and 3D Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08259.pdf)
>  Drones, or general UAVs, equipped with a single camera have been widely deployed to a broad range of applications, such as aerial photography, fast goods delivery and most importantly, surveillance. Despite the great progress achieved in computer vision algorithms, these algorithms are not usually optimized for dealing with images or video sequences acquired by drones, due to various challenges such as occlusion, fast camera motion and pose variation. In this paper, a drone-based multi-object tracking and 3D localization scheme is proposed based on the deep learning based object detection. We first combine a multi-object tracking method called TrackletNet Tracker (TNT) which utilizes temporal and appearance information to track detected objects located on the ground for UAV applications. Then, we are also able to localize the tracked ground objects based on the group plane estimated from the Multi-View Stereo technique. The system deployed on the drone can not only detect and track the objects in a scene, but can also localize their 3D coordinates in meters with respect to the drone camera. The experiments have proved our tracker can reliably handle most of the detected objects captured by drones and achieve favorable 3D localization performance when compared with the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 14.AFO-TAD: Anchor-free One-Stage Detector for Temporal Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08250.pdf)
>  Temporal action detection is a fundamental yet challenging task in video understanding. Many of the state-of-the-art methods predict the boundaries of action instances based on predetermined anchors akin to the two-dimensional object detection detectors. However, it is hard to detect all the action instances with predetermined temporal scales because the durations of instances in untrimmed videos can vary from few seconds to several minutes. In this paper, we propose a novel action detection architecture named anchor-free one-stage temporal action detector (AFO-TAD). AFO-TAD achieves better performance for detecting action instances with arbitrary lengths and high temporal resolution, which can be attributed to two aspects. First, we design a receptive field adaption module which dynamically adjusts the receptive field for precise action detection. Second, AFO-TAD directly predicts the categories and boundaries at every temporal locations without predetermined anchors. Extensive experiments show that AFO-TAD improves the state-of-the-art performance on THUMOS'14. 
### 15.Investigating Task-driven Latent Feasibility for Nonconvex Image Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08242.pdf)
>  Properly modeling the latent image distributions always plays a key role in a variety of low-level vision problems. Most existing approaches, such as Maximum A Posterior (MAP), aimed at establishing optimization models with prior regularization to address this task. However, designing sophisticated priors may lead to challenging optimization model and time-consuming iteration process. Recent studies tried to embed learnable network architectures into the MAP scheme. Unfortunately, for the MAP model with deeply trained priors, the exact behaviors and the inference process are actually hard to investigate, due to their inexact and uncontrolled nature. In this work, by investigating task-driven latent feasibility for the MAP-based model, we provide a new perspective to enforce domain knowledge and data distributions to MAP-based image modeling. Specifically, we first introduce an energy-based feasibility constraint to the given MAP model. By introducing the proximal gradient updating scheme to the objective and performing an adaptive averaging process, we obtain a completely new MAP inference process, named Proximal Average Optimization (PAO), for image modeling. Owning to the flexibility of PAO, we can also incorporate deeply trained architectures into the feasibility module. Finally, we provide a simple monotone descent-based control mechanism to guide the propagation of PAO. We prove in theory that the sequence generated by both our PAO and its learning-based extension can successfully converge to the critical point of the original MAP optimization task. We demonstrate how to apply our framework to address different vision applications. Extensive experiments verify the theoretical results and show the advantages of our method against existing state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 16.Spatially-Aware Graph Neural Networks for Relational Behavior Forecasting from Sensor Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08233.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of relational behavior forecasting from sensor data. Towards this goal, we propose a novel spatially-aware graph neural network (SpAGNN) that models the interactions between agents in the scene. Specifically, we exploit a convolutional neural network to detect the actors and compute their initial states. A graph neural network then iteratively updates the actor states via a message passing process. Inspired by Gaussian belief propagation, we design the messages to be spatially-transformed parameters of the output distributions from neighboring agents. Our model is fully differentiable, thus enabling end-to-end training. Importantly, our probabilistic predictions can model uncertainty at the trajectory level. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach by achieving significant improvements over the state-of-the-art on two real-world self-driving datasets: ATG4D and nuScenes. 
### 17.Toward 3D Object Reconstruction from Stereo Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08223.pdf)
>  Inferring the 3D shape of an object from an RGB image has shown impressive results, however, existing methods rely primarily on recognizing the most similar 3D model from the training set to solve the problem. These methods suffer from poor generalization and may lead to low-quality reconstructions for unseen objects. Nowadays, stereo cameras are pervasive in emerging devices such as dual-lens smartphones and robots, which enables the use of the two-view nature of stereo images to explore the 3D structure and thus improve the reconstruction performance. In this paper, we propose a new deep learning framework for reconstructing the 3D shape of an object from a pair of stereo images, which reasons about the 3D structure of the object by taking bidirectional disparities and feature correspondences between the two views into account. Besides, we present a large-scale synthetic benchmarking dataset, namely StereoShapeNet, containing 1,052,976 pairs of stereo images rendered from ShapeNet along with the corresponding bidirectional depth and disparity maps. Experimental results on the StereoShapeNet benchmark demonstrate that the proposed framework outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 18.Unsupervised Multi-Task Feature Learning on Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08207.pdf)
>  We introduce an unsupervised multi-task model to jointly learn point and shape features on point clouds. We define three unsupervised tasks including clustering, reconstruction, and self-supervised classification to train a multi-scale graph-based encoder. We evaluate our model on shape classification and segmentation benchmarks. The results suggest that it outperforms prior state-of-the-art unsupervised models: In the ModelNet40 classification task, it achieves an accuracy of 89.1% and in ShapeNet segmentation task, it achieves an mIoU of 68.2 and accuracy of 88.6%. 
### 19.Deep Weakly-Supervised Domain Adaptation for Pain Localization in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08173.pdf)
>  Automatic pain assessment has an important potential diagnostic value for people having difficulties in articulating their pain experiences. Facial Expression plays a crucial role as one of the dominating nonverbal channels for eliciting pain expression events, which has been widely used for estimating the pain intensity of individual videos. However, using state-of-the-art deep learning (DL) models in real-world pain estimation applications raises several challenges related to considerable subjective variations of facial expressions, operational capture conditions and lack of representative training videos with labels. Given the cost of annotating intensity levels for every video frame, a weakly-supervised domain adaptation (WSDA) technique is proposed for training DL models for spatio-temporal pain intensity estimation from videos. Deep domain adaptation to operational conditions relies on target domain videos that are weakly-labeled -- labels for pain intensity levels are provided on a periodic basis, for each video sequence. In particular, WSDA integrates multiple instance learning into an adversarial deep domain adaptation framework to train an Inflated 3D-CNN (I3D) model so that it can accurately estimate pain intensities in the target operational domain. The training mechanism leverages weak supervision loss, along with domain loss and source supervision loss for domain adaptation of I3D models. Experimental results obtained using labeled source domain videos from the RECOLA dataset and weakly-labeled target domain UNBC-McMaster videos indicate that the proposed deep WSDA approach can achieve a significantly higher level of sequence (bag)-level and frame (instance)-level pain localization accuracy than related state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 20.RPBA -- Robust Parallel Bundle Adjustment Based on Covariance Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08138.pdf)
>  A core component of all Structure from Motion (SfM) approaches is bundle adjustment. As the latter is a computational bottleneck for larger blocks, parallel bundle adjustment has become an active area of research. Particularly, consensus-based optimization methods have been shown to be suitable for this task. We have extended them using covariance information derived by the adjustment of individual three-dimensional (3D) points, i.e., "triangulation" or "intersection". This does not only lead to a much better convergence behavior, but also avoids fiddling with the penalty parameter of standard consensus-based approaches. The corresponding novel approach can also be seen as a variant of resection / intersection schemes, where we adjust during intersection a number of sub-blocks directly related to the number of threads available on a computer each containing a fraction of the cameras of the block. We show that our novel approach is suitable for robust parallel bundle adjustment and demonstrate its capabilities in comparison to the basic consensus-based approach as well as a state-of-the-art parallel implementation of bundle adjustment. Code for our novel approach is available on GitHub: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/helmayer/RPBA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 21.A Dataset of Multi-Illumination Images in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08131.pdf)
>  Collections of images under a single, uncontrolled illumination have enabled the rapid advancement of core computer vision tasks like classification, detection, and segmentation. But even with modern learning techniques, many inverse problems involving lighting and material understanding remain too severely ill-posed to be solved with single-illumination datasets. To fill this gap, we introduce a new multi-illumination dataset of more than 1000 real scenes, each captured under 25 lighting conditions. We demonstrate the richness of this dataset by training state-of-the-art models for three challenging applications: single-image illumination estimation, image relighting, and mixed-illuminant white balance. 
### 22.Fast Local Planning and Mapping in Unknown Off-Road Terrain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08521.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a fast, on-line mapping and planning solution for operation in unknown, off-road, environments. We combine obstacle detection along with a terrain gradient map to make simple and adaptable cost map. This map can be created and updated at 10 Hz. An A* planner finds optimal paths over the map. Finally, we take multiple samples over the control input space and do a kinematic forward simulation to generated feasible trajectories. Then the most optimal trajectory, as determined by the cost map and proximity to A* path, is chosen and sent to the controller. Our method allows real time operation at rates of 30 Hz. We demonstrate the efficiency of our method in various off-road terrain at high speed. 
### 23.Texture Bias Of CNNs Limits Few-Shot Classification Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08519.pdf)
>  Accurate image classification given small amounts of labelled data (few-shot classification) remains an open problem in computer vision. In this work we examine how the known texture bias of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) affects few-shot classification performance. Although texture bias can help in standard image classification, in this work we show it significantly harms few-shot classification performance. After correcting this bias we demonstrate state-of-the-art performance on the competitive miniImageNet task using a method far simpler than the current best performing few-shot learning approaches. 
### 24.Detecting intracranial aneurysm rupture from 3D surfaces using a novel GraphNet approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08375.pdf)
>  Intracranial aneurysm (IA) is a life-threatening blood spot in human's brain if it ruptures and causes cerebral hemorrhage. It is challenging to detect whether an IA has ruptured from medical images. In this paper, we propose a novel graph based neural network named GraphNet to detect IA rupture from 3D surface data. GraphNet is based on graph convolution network (GCN) and is designed for graph-level classification and node-level segmentation. The network uses GCN blocks to extract surface local features and pools to global features. 1250 patient data including 385 ruptured and 865 unruptured IAs were collected from clinic for experiments. The performance on randomly selected 234 test patient data was reported. The experiment with the proposed GraphNet achieved accuracy of 0.82, area-under-curve (AUC) of receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve 0.82 in the classification task, significantly outperforming the baseline approach without using graph based networks. The segmentation output of the model achieved mean graph-node-based dice coefficient (DSC) score 0.88. 
### 25.SDCNet: Smoothed Dense-Convolution Network for Restoring Low-Dose Cerebral CT Perfusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08364.pdf)
>  With substantial public concerns on potential cancer risks and health hazards caused by the accumulated radiation exposure in medical imaging, reducing radiation dose in X-ray based medical imaging such as Computed Tomography Perfusion (CTP) has raised significant research interests. In this paper, we embrace the deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) based approaches and introduce Smoothed Dense-Convolution Neural Network (SDCNet) to recover high-dose quality CTP images from low-dose ones. SDCNet is composed of sub-network blocks cascaded by skip-connections to infer the noise (differentials) from paired low/high-dose CT scans. SDCNet can effectively remove the noise in real low-dose CT scans and enhance the quality of medical images. We evaluate the proposed architecture on thousands of CT perfusion frames for both reconstructed image denoising and perfusion map quantification including cerebral blood flow (CBF) and cerebral blood volume (CBV). SDCNet achieves high performance in both visual and quantitative results with promising computational efficiency, comparing favorably with state-of-the-art approaches. \textit{The code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cswin/RC-Nets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}. 
### 26.OpenDenoising: an Extensible Benchmark for Building Comparative Studies of Image Denoisers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08328.pdf)
>  Image denoising has recently taken a leap forward due to machine learning. However, image denoisers, both expert-based and learning-based, are mostly tested on well-behaved generated noises (usually Gaussian) rather than on real-life noises, making performance comparisons difficult in real-world conditions. This is especially true for learning-based denoisers which performance depends on training data. Hence, choosing which method to use for a specific denoising problem is difficult. <br>This paper proposes a comparative study of existing denoisers, as well as an extensible open tool that makes it possible to reproduce and extend the study. MWCNN is shown to outperform other methods when trained for a real-world image interception noise, and additionally is the second least compute hungry of the tested methods. To evaluate the robustness of conclusions, three test sets are compared. A Kendall's Tau correlation of only 60% is obtained on methods ranking between noise types, demonstrating the need for a benchmarking tool. 
### 27.Attention Mechanism Enhanced Kernel Prediction Networks for Denoising of Burst Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08313.pdf)
>  Deep learning based image denoising methods have been extensively investigated. In this paper, attention mechanism enhanced kernel prediction networks (AME-KPNs) are proposed for burst image denoising, in which, nearly cost-free attention modules are adopted to first refine the feature maps and to further make a full use of the inter-frame and intra-frame redundancies within the whole image burst. The proposed AME-KPNs output per-pixel spatially-adaptive kernels, residual maps and corresponding weight maps, in which, the predicted kernels roughly restore clean pixels at their corresponding locations via an adaptive convolution operation, and subsequently, residuals are weighted and summed to compensate the limited receptive field of predicted kernels. Simulations and real-world experiments are conducted to illustrate the robustness of the proposed AME-KPNs in burst image denoising. 
### 28.Mirror Descent View for Neural Network Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08237.pdf)
>  Quantizing large Neural Networks (NN) while maintaining the performance is highly desirable for resource-limited devices due to reduced memory and time complexity. NN quantization is usually formulated as a constrained optimization problem and optimized via a modified version of gradient descent. In this work, by interpreting the continuous parameters (unconstrained) as the dual of the quantized ones, we introduce a Mirror Descent (MD) framework (Bubeck (2015)) for NN quantization. Specifically, we provide conditions on the projections (i.e., mapping from continuous to quantized ones) which would enable us to derive valid mirror maps and in turn the respective MD updates. Furthermore, we discuss a numerically stable implementation of MD by storing an additional set of auxiliary dual variables (continuous). This update is strikingly analogous to the popular Straight Through Estimator (STE) based method which is typically viewed as a "trick" to avoid vanishing gradients issue but here we show that it is an implementation method for MD for certain projections. Our experiments on standard classification datasets (CIFAR-10/100, TinyImageNet) with convolutional and residual architectures show that our MD variants obtain fully-quantized networks with accuracies very close to the floating-point networks. 
### 29.A Deep Learning-based Framework for the Detection of Schools of Herring in Echograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08215.pdf)
>  Tracking the abundance of underwater species is crucial for understanding the effects of climate change on marine ecosystems. Biologists typically monitor underwater sites with echosounders and visualize data as 2D images (echograms); they interpret these data manually or semi-automatically, which is time-consuming and prone to inconsistencies. This paper proposes a deep learning framework for the automatic detection of schools of herring from echograms. Experiments demonstrated that our approach outperforms a traditional machine learning algorithm using hand-crafted features. Our framework could easily be expanded to detect more species of interest to sustainable fisheries. 
### 30.Bilinear Constraint based ADMM for Mixed Poisson-Gaussian Noise Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08206.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose new operator-splitting algorithms for the total variation regularized infimal convolution (TV-IC) model in order to remove mixed Poisson-Gaussian (MPG) noise. In the existing splitting algorithm for TV-IC, an inner loop by Newton method had to be adopted for one nonlinear optimization subproblem, which increased the computation cost per outer loop. By introducing a new bilinear constraint and applying the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM), all subproblems of the proposed algorithms named as BCA (short for Bilinear Constraint based ADMM algorithm) and BCAf (short for a variant of BCA with fully splitting form) can be very efficiently solved; especially for the proposed BCAf , they can be calculated without any inner iterations. Under mild conditions, the convergence of the proposed BCA is investigated. Numerically, compared to existing primal-dual algorithms for the TV-IC model, the proposed algorithms, with fewer tunable parameters, converge much faster and produce comparable results meanwhile. 
### 31.Deep Sub-Ensembles for Fast Uncertainty Estimation in Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08168.pdf)
>  Fast estimates of model uncertainty are required for many robust robotics applications. Deep Ensembles provides state of the art uncertainty without requiring Bayesian methods, but still it is computationally expensive. In this paper we propose deep sub-ensembles, an approximation to deep ensembles where the core idea is to ensemble only the layers close to the output. Our results show that this idea enables a trade-off between error and uncertainty quality versus computational performance. 
### 32.An Update on Machine Learning in Neuro-oncology Diagnostics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08157.pdf)
>  Imaging biomarkers in neuro-oncology are used for diagnosis, prognosis and treatment response monitoring. Magnetic resonance imaging is typically used throughout the patient pathway because routine structural imaging provides detailed anatomical and pathological information and advanced techniques provide additional physiological detail. Following image feature extraction, machine learning allows accurate classification in a variety of scenarios. Machine learning also enables image feature extraction de novo although the low prevalence of brain tumours makes such approaches challenging. Much research is applied to determining molecular profiles, histological tumour grade and prognosis at the time that patients first present with a brain tumour. Following treatment, differentiating a treatment response from a post-treatment related effect is clinically important and also an area of study. Most of the evidence is low level having been obtained retrospectively and in single centres. 
### 33.Enforcing Linearity in DNN succours Robustness and Adversarial Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08108.pdf)
>  Recent studies on the adversarial vulnerability of neural networks have shown that models trained with the objective of minimizing an upper bound on the worst-case loss over all possible adversarial perturbations improve robustness against adversarial attacks. Beside exploiting adversarial training framework, we show that by enforcing a Deep Neural Network (DNN) to be linear in transformed input and feature space improves robustness significantly. We also demonstrate that by augmenting the objective function with Local Lipschitz regularizer boost robustness of the model further. Our method outperforms most sophisticated adversarial training methods and achieves state of the art adversarial accuracy on MNIST, CIFAR10 and SVHN dataset. In this paper, we also propose a novel adversarial image generation method by leveraging Inverse Representation Learning and Linearity aspect of an adversarially trained deep neural network classifier. 
### 34.Mapper Based Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.08103.pdf)
>  Topological data analysis aims to extract topological quantities from data, which tend to focus on the broader global structure of the data rather than local information. The Mapper method, specifically, generalizes clustering methods to identify significant global mathematical structures, which are out of reach of many other approaches. We propose a classifier based on applying the Mapper algorithm to data projected onto a latent space. We obtain the latent space by using PCA or autoencoders. Notably, a classifier based on the Mapper method is immune to any gradient based attack, and improves robustness over traditional CNNs (convolutional neural networks). We report theoretical justification and some numerical experiments that confirm our claims. 
