# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 31 Oct 2019
### 1.Auto-Annotation Quality Prediction for Semi-Supervised Learning with Ensembles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13988.pdf)
>  Auto-annotation by ensemble of models is an efficient method of learning on unlabeled data. Wrong or inaccurate annotations generated by the ensemble may lead to performance degradation of the trained model. To deal with this problem we propose filtering the auto-labeled data using a trained model that predicts the quality of the annotation from the degree of consensus between ensemble models. Using semantic segmentation as an example, we show the advantage of the proposed auto-annotation filtering over training on data contaminated with inaccurate labels. <br>Moreover, our experimental results show that in the case of semantic segmentation, the performance of a state-of-the-art model can be achieved by training it with only a fraction (30$\%$) of the original manually labeled data set, and replacing the rest with the auto-annotated, quality filtered labels. 
### 2.Towards Scalable, Efficient and Accurate Deep Spiking Neural Networks with Backward Residual Connections, Stochastic Softmax and Hybridization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13931.pdf)
>  Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) may offer an energy-efficient alternative for implementing deep learning applications. In recent years, there have been several proposals focused on supervised (conversion, spike-based gradient descent) and unsupervised (spike timing dependent plasticity) training methods to improve the accuracy of SNNs on large-scale tasks. However, each of these methods suffer from scalability, latency and accuracy limitations. In this paper, we propose novel algorithmic techniques of modifying the SNN configuration with backward residual connections, stochastic softmax and hybrid artificial-and-spiking neuronal activations to improve the learning ability of the training methodologies to yield competitive accuracy, while, yielding large efficiency gains over their artificial counterparts. Note, artificial counterparts refer to conventional deep learning/artificial neural networks. Our techniques apply to VGG/Residual architectures, and are compatible with all forms of training methodologies. Our analysis reveals that the proposed solutions yield near state-of-the-art accuracy with significant energy-efficiency and reduced parameter overhead translating to hardware improvements on complex visual recognition tasks, such as, CIFAR10, Imagenet datatsets. 
### 3.Real-time Convolutional Networks for Depth-based Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13911.pdf)
>  We propose to combine recent Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) models with depth imaging to obtain a reliable and fast multi-person pose estimation algorithm applicable to Human Robot Interaction (HRI) scenarios. Our hypothesis is that depth images contain less structures and are easier to process than RGB images while keeping the required information for human detection and pose inference, thus allowing the use of simpler networks for the task. Our contributions are threefold. (i) we propose a fast and efficient network based on residual blocks (called RPM) for body landmark localization from depth images; (ii) we created a public dataset DIH comprising more than 170k synthetic images of human bodies with various shapes and viewpoints as well as real (annotated) data for evaluation; (iii) we show that our model trained on synthetic data from scratch can perform well on real data, obtaining similar results to larger models initialized with pre-trained networks. It thus provides a good trade-off between performance and computation. Experiments on real data demonstrate the validity of our approach. 
### 4.Comprehensive Video Understanding: Video summarization with content-based video recommender design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13888.pdf)
>  Video summarization aims to extract keyframes/shots from a long video. Previous methods mainly take diversity and representativeness of generated summaries as prior knowledge in algorithm design. In this paper, we formulate video summarization as a content-based recommender problem, which should distill the most useful content from a long video for users who suffer from information overload. A scalable deep neural network is proposed on predicting if one video segment is a useful segment for users by explicitly modelling both segment and video. Moreover, we accomplish scene and action recognition in untrimmed videos in order to find more correlations among different aspects of video understanding tasks. Also, our paper will discuss the effect of audio and visual features in summarization task. We also extend our work by data augmentation and multi-task learning for preventing the model from early-stage overfitting. The final results of our model win the first place in ICCV 2019 CoView Workshop Challenge Track. 
### 5.Traffic4cast-Traffic Map Movie Forecasting -- Team MIE-Lab  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13824.pdf)
>  The goal of the IARAI competition traffic4cast was to predict the city-wide traffic status within a 15-minute time window, based on information from the previous hour. The traffic status was given as multi-channel images (one pixel roughly corresponds to 100x100 meters), where one channel indicated the traffic volume, another one the average speed of vehicles, and a third one their rough heading. As part of our work on the competition, we evaluated many different network architectures, analyzed the statistical properties of the given data in detail, and thought about how to transform the problem to be able to take additional spatio-temporal context-information into account, such as the street network, the positions of traffic lights, or the weather. This document summarizes our efforts that led to our best submission, and gives some insights about which other approaches we evaluated, and why they did not work as well as imagined. 
### 6.Deep Learning vs. Traditional Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13796.pdf)
>  Deep Learning has pushed the limits of what was possible in the domain of Digital Image Processing. However, that is not to say that the traditional computer vision techniques which had been undergoing progressive development in years prior to the rise of DL have become obsolete. This paper will analyse the benefits and drawbacks of each approach. The aim of this paper is to promote a discussion on whether knowledge of classical computer vision techniques should be maintained. The paper will also explore how the two sides of computer vision can be combined. Several recent hybrid methodologies are reviewed which have demonstrated the ability to improve computer vision performance and to tackle problems not suited to Deep Learning. For example, combining traditional computer vision techniques with Deep Learning has been popular in emerging domains such as Panoramic Vision and 3D vision for which Deep Learning models have not yet been fully optimised 
### 7.A CNN-based methodology for breast cancer diagnosis using thermal images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13757.pdf)
>  Micro Abstract: A recent study from GLOBOCAN disclosed that during 2018 two million women worldwide had been diagnosed from breast cancer. This study presents a computer-aided diagnosis system based on convolutional neural networks as an alternative diagnosis methodology for breast cancer diagnosis with thermal images. Experimental results showed that lower false-positives and false-negatives classification rates are obtained when data pre-processing and data augmentation techniques are implemented in these thermal images. Background: There are many types of breast cancer screening techniques such as, mammography, magnetic resonance imaging, ultrasound and blood sample tests, which require either, expensive devices or personal qualified. Currently, some countries still lack access to these main screening techniques due to economic, social or cultural issues. The objective of this study is to demonstrate that computer-aided diagnosis(CAD) systems based on convolutional neural networks (CNN) are faster, reliable and robust than other techniques. Methods: We performed a study of the influence of data pre-processing, data augmentation and database size versus a proposed set of CNN models. Furthermore, we developed a CNN hyper-parameters fine-tuning optimization algorithm using a tree parzen estimator. Results: Among the 57 patients database, our CNN models obtained a higher accuracy (92\%) and F1-score (92\%) that outperforms several state-of-the-art architectures such as ResNet50, SeResNet50 and Inception. Also, we demonstrated that a CNN model that implements data-augmentation techniques reach identical performance metrics in comparison with a CNN that uses a database up to 50\% bigger. Conclusion: This study highlights the benefits of data augmentation and CNNs in thermal breast images. Also, it measures the influence of the database size in the performance of CNNs. 
### 8.Probabilistic Inference for Camera Calibration in Light Microscopy under Circular Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13740.pdf)
>  Robust and accurate camera calibration is essential for 3D reconstruction in light microscopy under circular motion. Conventional methods require either accurate key point matching or precise segmentation of the axial-view images. Both remain challenging because specimens often exhibit transparency/translucency in a light microscope. To address those issues, we propose a probabilistic inference based method for the camera calibration that does not require sophisticated image pre-processing. Based on 3D projective geometry, our method assigns a probability on each of a range of voxels that cover the whole object. The probability indicates the likelihood of a voxel belonging to the object to be reconstructed. Our method maximizes a joint probability that distinguishes the object from the background. Experimental results show that the proposed method can accurately recover camera configurations in both light microscopy and natural scene imaging. Furthermore, the method can be used to produce high-fidelity 3D reconstructions and accurate 3D measurements. 
### 9.MonSter: Awakening the Mono in Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13708.pdf)
>  Passive depth estimation is among the most long-studied fields in computer vision. The most common methods for passive depth estimation are either a stereo or a monocular system. Using the former requires an accurate calibration process, and has a limited effective range. The latter, which does not require extrinsic calibration but generally achieves inferior depth accuracy, can be tuned to achieve better results in part of the depth range. In this work, we suggest combining the two frameworks. We propose a two-camera system, in which the cameras are used jointly to extract a stereo depth and individually to provide a monocular depth from each camera. The combination of these depth maps leads to more accurate depth estimation. Moreover, enforcing consistency between the extracted maps leads to a novel online self-calibration strategy. We present a prototype camera that demonstrates the benefits of the proposed combination, for both self-calibration and depth reconstruction in real-world scenes. 
### 10.Dual Illumination Estimation for Robust Exposure Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13688.pdf)
>  Exposure correction is one of the fundamental tasks in image processing and computational photography. While various methods have been proposed, they either fail to produce visually pleasing results, or only work well for limited types of image (e.g., underexposed images). In this paper, we present a novel automatic exposure correction method, which is able to robustly produce high-quality results for images of various exposure conditions (e.g., underexposed, overexposed, and partially under- and over-exposed). At the core of our approach is the proposed dual illumination estimation, where we separately cast the under- and over-exposure correction as trivial illumination estimation of the input image and the inverted input image. By performing dual illumination estimation, we obtain two intermediate exposure correction results for the input image, with one fixes the underexposed regions and the other one restores the overexposed regions. A multi-exposure image fusion technique is then employed to adaptively blend the visually best exposed parts in the two intermediate exposure correction images and the input image into a globally well-exposed image. Experiments on a number of challenging images demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach and its superiority over the state-of-the-art methods and popular automatic exposure correction tools. 
### 11.Multi Modal Semantic Segmentation using Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13676.pdf)
>  Semantic understanding of scenes in three-dimensional space (3D) is a quintessential part of robotics oriented applications such as autonomous driving as it provides geometric cues such as size, orientation and true distance of separation to objects which are crucial for taking mission critical decisions. As a first step, in this work we investigate the possibility of semantically classifying different parts of a given scene in 3D by learning the underlying geometric context in addition to the texture cues BUT in the absence of labelled real-world datasets. To this end we generate a large number of synthetic scenes, their pixel-wise labels and corresponding 3D representations using CARLA software framework. We then build a deep neural network that learns underlying category specific 3D representation and texture cues from color information of the rendered synthetic scenes. Further on we apply the learned model on different real world datasets to evaluate its performance. Our preliminary investigation of results show that the neural network is able to learn the geometric context from synthetic scenes and effectively apply this knowledge to classify each point of a 3D representation of a scene in real-world. 
### 12.Facial Image Deformation Based on Landmark Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13671.pdf)
>  In this work, we use facial landmarks to make the deformation for facial images more authentic and verisimilar. The deformation includes the expansion for eyes and the shrinking for noses, mouths, and cheeks. An advanced 106-point facial landmark detector is utilized to provide control points for deformation. Bilinear interpolation is used in the expansion part and Moving Least Squares methods (MLS) including Affine Deformation, Similarity Deformation and Rigid Deformation are used in the shrinking part. We then compare the running time as well as the quality of deformed images using different MLS methods. The experimental results show that the Rigid Deformation which can keep other parts of the images unchanged performs best even if it takes the longest time. 
### 13.Domain Generalization via Model-Agnostic Learning of Semantic Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13580.pdf)
>  Generalization capability to unseen domains is crucial for machine learning models when deploying to real-world conditions. We investigate the challenging problem of domain generalization, i.e., training a model on multi-domain source data such that it can directly generalize to target domains with unknown statistics. We adopt a model-agnostic learning paradigm with gradient-based meta-train and meta-test procedures to expose the optimization to domain shift. Further, we introduce two complementary losses which explicitly regularize the semantic structure of the feature space. Globally, we align a derived soft confusion matrix to preserve general knowledge about inter-class relationships. Locally, we promote domain-independent class-specific cohesion and separation of sample features with a metric-learning component. The effectiveness of our method is demonstrated with new state-of-the-art results on two common object recognition benchmarks. Our method also shows consistent improvement on a medical image segmentation task. 
### 14.A Hierarchical Mixture Density Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13523.pdf)
>  The relationship among three correlated variables could be very sophisticated, as a result, we may not be able to find their hidden causality and model their relationship explicitly. However, we still can make our best guess for possible mappings among these variables, based on the observed relationship. One of the complicated relationships among three correlated variables could be a two-layer hierarchical many-to-many mapping. In this paper, we proposed a Hierarchical Mixture Density Network (HMDN) to model the two-layer hierarchical many-to-many mapping. We apply HMDN on an indoor positioning problem and show its benefit. 
### 15.Deep convolutional neural network application on rooftop detection for aerial image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13509.pdf)
>  As one of the most destructive disasters in the world, earthquake causes death, injuries, destruction and enormous damage to the affected area. It is significant to detect buildings after an earthquake in response to reconstruction and damage evaluation. In this research, we proposed an automatic rooftop detection method based on the convolutional neural network (CNN) to extract buildings in the city of Christchurch and tuned hyperparameters to detect small detached houses from the aerial image. The experiment result shows that our approach can effectively and accurately detect and segment buildings and has competitive performance. 
### 16.Is Supervised Learning With Adversarial Features Provably Better Than Sole Supervision?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13993.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have shown promising results on a wide variety of complex tasks. Recent experiments show adversarial training provides useful gradients to the generator that helps attain better performance. In this paper, we intend to theoretically analyze whether supervised learning with adversarial features can outperform sole supervision, or not. First, we show that supervised learning without adversarial features suffer from vanishing gradient issue in near optimal region. Second, we analyze how adversarial learning augmented with supervised signal mitigates this vanishing gradient issue. Finally, we prove our main result that shows supervised learning with adversarial features can be better than sole supervision (under some mild assumptions). We support our main result on two fronts (i) expected empirical risk and (ii) rate of convergence. 
### 17.LDLS: 3-D Object Segmentation Through Label Diffusion From 2-D Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13955.pdf)
>  Object segmentation in three-dimensional (3-D) point clouds is a critical task for robots capable of 3-D perception. Despite the impressive performance of deep learning-based approaches on object segmentation in 2-D images, deep learning has not been applied nearly as successfully for 3-D point cloud segmentation. Deep networks generally require large amounts of labeled training data, which are readily available for 2-D images but are difficult to produce for 3-D point clouds. In this letter, we present Label Diffusion Lidar Segmentation (LDLS), a novel approach for 3-D point cloud segmentation, which leverages 2-D segmentation of an RGB image from an aligned camera to avoid the need for training on annotated 3-D data. We obtain 2-D segmentation predictions by applying Mask-RCNN to the RGB image, and then link this image to a 3-D lidar point cloud by building a graph of connections among 3-D points and 2-D pixels. This graph then directs a semi-supervised label diffusion process, where the 2-D pixels act as source nodes that diffuse object label information through the 3-D point cloud, resulting in a complete 3-D point cloud segmentation. We conduct empirical studies on the KITTI benchmark dataset and on a mobile robot, demonstrating wide applicability and superior performance of LDLS compared with the previous state of the art in 3-D point cloud segmentation, without any need for either 3-D training data or fine tuning of the 2-D image segmentation model. 
### 18.Motion-Nets: 6D Tracking of Unknown Objects in Unseen Environments using RGB  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13942.pdf)
>  In this work, we bridge the gap between recent pose estimation and tracking work to develop a powerful method for robots to track objects in their surroundings. Motion-Nets use a segmentation model to segment the scene, and separate translation and rotation models to identify the relative 6D motion of an object between two consecutive frames. We train our method with generated data of floating objects, and then test on several prediction tasks, including one with a real PR2 robot, and a toy control task with a simulated PR2 robot never seen during training. Motion-Nets are able to track the pose of objects with some quantitative accuracy for about 30-60 frames including occlusions and distractors. Additionally, the single step prediction errors remain low even after 100 frames. We also investigate an iterative correction procedure to improve performance for control tasks. 
### 19.Neural View-Interpolation for Sparse LightField Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13921.pdf)
>  We suggest representing light field (LF) videos as "one-off" neural networks (NN), i.e., a learned mapping from view-plus-time coordinates to high-resolution color values, trained on sparse views. Initially, this sounds like a bad idea for three main reasons: First, a NN LF will likely have less quality than a same-sized pixel basis representation. Second, only few training data, e.g., 9 exemplars per frame are available for sparse LF videos. Third, there is no generalization across LFs, but across view and time instead. Consequently, a network needs to be trained for each LF video. Surprisingly, these problems can turn into substantial advantages: Other than the linear pixel basis, a NN has to come up with a compact, non-linear i.e., more intelligent, explanation of color, conditioned on the sparse view and time coordinates. As observed for many NN however, this representation now is interpolatable: if the image output for sparse view coordinates is plausible, it is for all intermediate, continuous coordinates as well. Our specific network architecture involves a differentiable occlusion-aware warping step, which leads to a compact set of trainable parameters and consequently fast learning and fast execution. 
### 20.The Domain Shift Problem of Medical Image Segmentation and Vendor-Adaptation by Unet-GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13681.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN), in particular the Unet, is a powerful method for medical image segmentation. To date Unet has demonstrated state-of-art performance in many complex medical image segmentation tasks, especially under the condition when the training and testing data share the same distribution (i.e. come from the same source domain). However, in clinical practice, medical images are acquired from different vendors and centers. The performance of a U-Net trained from a particular source domain, when transferred to a different target domain (e.g. different vendor, acquisition parameter), can drop unexpectedly. Collecting a large amount of annotation from each new domain to retrain the U-Net is expensive, tedious, and practically impossible. In this work, we proposed a generic framework to address this problem, consisting of (1) an unpaired generative adversarial network (GAN) for vendor-adaptation, and (2) a Unet for object segmentation. In the proposed Unet-GAN architecture, GAN learns from Unet at the feature level that is segmentation-specific. We used cardiac cine MRI as the example, with three major vendors (Philips, Siemens, and GE) as three domains, while the methodology can be extended to medical images segmentation in general. The proposed method showed significant improvement of the segmentation results across vendors. The proposed Unet-GAN provides an annotation-free solution to the cross-vendor medical image segmentation problem, potentially extending a trained deep learning model to multi-center and multi-vendor use in real clinical scenario. 
### 21.Form2Fit: Learning Shape Priors for Generalizable Assembly from Disassembly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13675.pdf)
>  Is it possible to learn policies for robotic assembly that can generalize to new objects? We explore this idea in the context of the kit assembly task. Since classic methods rely heavily on object pose estimation, they often struggle to generalize to new objects without 3D CAD models or task-specific training data. In this work, we propose to formulate the kit assembly task as a shape matching problem, where the goal is to learn a shape descriptor that establishes geometric correspondences between object surfaces and their target placement locations from visual input. This formulation enables the model to acquire a broader understanding of how shapes and surfaces fit together for assembly -- allowing it to generalize to new objects and kits. To obtain training data for our model, we present a self-supervised data-collection pipeline that obtains ground truth object-to-placement correspondences by disassembling complete kits. Our resulting real-world system, Form2Fit, learns effective pick and place strategies for assembling objects into a variety of kits -- achieving $90\%$ average success rates under different initial conditions (e.g. varying object and kit poses), $94\%$ success under new configurations of multiple kits, and over $86\%$ success with completely new objects and kits. 
### 22.Outliagnostics: Visualizing Temporal Discrepancy in Outlying Signatures of Data Entries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13656.pdf)
>  This paper presents an approach to analyzing two-dimensional temporal datasets focusing on identifying observations that are significant in calculating the outliers of a scatterplot. We also propose a prototype, called Outliagnostics, to guide users when interactively exploring abnormalities in large time series. Instead of focusing on detecting outliers at each time point, we monitor and display the discrepant temporal signatures of each data entry concerning the overall distributions. Our prototype is designed to handle these tasks in parallel to improve performance. To highlight the benefits and performance of our approach, we illustrate and validate the use of Outliagnostics on real-world datasets of various sizes in different parallelism configurations. This work also discusses how to extend these ideas to handle time series with a higher number of dimensions and provides a prototype for this type of datasets. 
### 23.C3DVQA: Full-Reference Video Quality Assessment with 3D Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13646.pdf)
>  Traditional video quality assessment (VQA) methods evaluate localized picture quality and video score is predicted by temporally aggregating frame scores. However, video quality exhibits different characteristics from static image quality due to the existence of temporal masking effects. In this paper, we present a novel architecture, namely C3DVQA, that uses Convolutional Neural Network with 3D kernels (C3D) for full-reference VQA task. C3DVQA combines feature learning and score pooling into one spatiotemporal feature learning process. We use 2D convolutional layers to extract spatial features and 3D convolutional layers to learn spatiotemporal features. We empirically found that 3D convolutional layers are capable to capture temporal masking effects of videos.We evaluated the proposed method on the LIVE and CSIQ datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performance. 
### 24.Hybrid Machine Learning Model of Extreme Learning Machine Radial basis function for Breast Cancer Detection and Diagnosis; a Multilayer Fuzzy Expert System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.13574.pdf)
>  Mammography is often used as the most common laboratory method for the detection of breast cancer, yet associated with the high cost and many side effects. Machine learning prediction as an alternative method has shown promising results. This paper presents a method based on a multilayer fuzzy expert system for the detection of breast cancer using an extreme learning machine (ELM) classification model integrated with radial basis function (RBF) kernel called ELM-RBF, considering the Wisconsin dataset. The performance of the proposed model is further compared with a linear-SVM model. The proposed model outperforms the linear-SVM model with RMSE, R2, MAPE equal to 0.1719, 0.9374 and 0.0539, respectively. Furthermore, both models are studied in terms of criteria of accuracy, precision, sensitivity, specificity, validation, true positive rate (TPR), and false-negative rate (FNR). The ELM-RBF model for these criteria presents better performance compared to the SVM model. 
