# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 24 Oct 2019
### 1.Accurate 6D Object Pose Estimation by Pose Conditioned Mesh Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10653.pdf)
>  Current 6D object pose methods consist of deep CNN models fully optimized for a single object but with its architecture standardized among objects with different shapes. In contrast to previous works, we explicitly exploit each object's distinct topological information i.e. 3D dense meshes in the pose estimation model, with an automated process and prior to any post-processing refinement stage. In order to achieve this, we propose a learning framework in which a Graph Convolutional Neural Network reconstructs a pose conditioned 3D mesh of the object. A robust estimation of the allocentric orientation is recovered by computing, in a differentiable manner, the Procrustes' alignment between the canonical and reconstructed dense 3D meshes. 6D egocentric pose is then lifted using additional mask and 2D centroid projection estimations. Our method is capable of self validating its pose estimation by measuring the quality of the reconstructed mesh, which is invaluable in real life applications. In our experiments on the LINEMOD, OCCLUSION and YCB-Video benchmarks, the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-arts. 
### 2.Breast Anatomy Enriched Tumor Saliency Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10652.pdf)
>  Breast cancer investigation is of great significance, and developing tumor detection methodologies is a critical need. However, it is a challenging task for breast ultrasound due to the complicated breast structure and poor quality of the images. In this paper, we propose a novel tumor saliency estimation model guided by enriched breast anatomy knowledge to localize the tumor. Firstly, the breast anatomy layers are generated by a deep neural network. Then we refine the layers by integrating a non-semantic breast anatomy model to solve the problems of incomplete mammary layers. Meanwhile, a new background map generation method weighted by the semantic probability and spatial distance is proposed to improve the performance. The experiment demonstrates that the proposed method with the new background map outperforms four state-of-the-art TSE models with increasing 10% of F_meansure on the BUS public dataset. 
### 3.Occlusions for Effective Data Augmentation in Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10651.pdf)
>  Deep networks for visual recognition are known to leverage "easy to recognise" portions of objects such as faces and distinctive texture patterns. The lack of a holistic understanding of objects may increase fragility and overfitting. In recent years, several papers have proposed to address this issue by means of occlusions as a form of data augmentation. However, successes have been limited to tasks such as weak localization and model interpretation, but no benefit was demonstrated on image classification on large-scale datasets. In this paper, we show that, by using a simple technique based on batch augmentation, occlusions as data augmentation can result in better performance on ImageNet for high-capacity models (e.g., ResNet50). We also show that varying amounts of occlusions used during training can be used to study the robustness of different neural network architectures. 
### 4.SalGaze: Personalizing Gaze Estimation Using Visual Saliency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10603.pdf)
>  Traditional gaze estimation methods typically require explicit user calibration to achieve high accuracy. This process is cumbersome and recalibration is often required when there are changes in factors such as illumination and pose. To address this challenge, we introduce SalGaze, a framework that utilizes saliency information in the visual content to transparently adapt the gaze estimation algorithm to the user without explicit user calibration. We design an algorithm to transform a saliency map into a differentiable loss map that can be used for the optimization of CNN-based models. SalGaze is also able to greatly augment standard point calibration data with implicit video saliency calibration data using a unified framework. We show accuracy improvements over 24% using our technique on existing methods. 
### 5.Domain Bridge for Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation and Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10563.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation architectures may have limited effectiveness in some circumstances. For example, while generating rainy scenarios, they may fail to model typical traits of rain as water drops, and this ultimately impacts the synthetic images realism. With our method, called domain bridge, web-crawled data are exploited to reduce the domain gap, leading to the inclusion of previously ignored elements in the generated images. We make use of a network for clear to rain translation trained with the domain bridge to extend our work to Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA). In that context, we introduce an online multimodal style-sampling strategy, where image translation multimodality is exploited at training time to improve performances. Finally, a novel approach for self-supervised learning is presented, and used to further align the domains. With our contributions, we simultaneously increase the realism of the generated images, while reaching on par performances w.r.t. the UDA state-of-the-art, with a simpler approach. 
### 6.Identification of primary angle-closure on AS-OCT images with Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10414.pdf)
>  Primary angle-closure disease (PACD) is a severe retinal disease, which might cause irreversible vision loss. In clinic, accurate identification of angle-closure and localization of the scleral spur's position on anterior segment optical coherence tomography (AS-OCT) is essential for the diagnosis of PACD. However, manual delineation might confine in low accuracy and low efficiency. In this paper, we propose an efficient and accurate end-to-end architecture for angle-closure classification and scleral spur localization. Specifically, we utilize a revised ResNet152 as our backbone to improve the accuracy of the angle-closure identification. For scleral spur localization, we adopt EfficientNet as encoder because of its powerful feature extraction potential. By combining the skip-connect module and pyramid pooling module, the network is able to collect semantic cues in feature maps from multiple dimensions and scales. Afterward, we propose a novel keypoint registration loss to constrain the model's attention to the intensity and location of the scleral spur area. Several experiments are extensively conducted to evaluate our method on the angle-closure glaucoma evaluation (AGE) Challenge dataset. The results show that our proposed architecture ranks the first place of the classification task on the test dataset and achieves the average Euclidean distance error of 12.00 pixels in the scleral spur localization task. 
### 7.Random 2.5D U-net for Fully 3D Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10398.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks are state-of-the-art for various segmentation tasks. While for 2D images these networks are also computationally efficient, 3D convolutions have huge storage requirements and therefore, end-to-end training is limited by GPU memory and data size. To overcome this issue, we introduce a network structure for volumetric data without 3D convolution layers. The main idea is to include projections from different directions to transform the volumetric data to a sequence of images, where each image contains information of the full data. We then apply 2D convolutions to these projection images and lift them again to volumetric data using a trainable reconstruction algorithm. The proposed architecture can be applied end-to-end to very large data volumes without cropping or sliding-window techniques. For a tested sparse binary segmentation task, it outperforms already known standard approaches and is more resistant to generation of artefacts. 
### 8.Semi-supervised Multi-domain Multi-task Training for Metastatic Colon Lymph Node Diagnosis From Abdominal CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10371.pdf)
>  The diagnosis of the presence of metastatic lymph nodes from abdominal computed tomography (CT) scans is an essential task performed by radiologists to guide radiation and chemotherapy treatment. State-of-the-art deep learning classifiers trained for this task usually rely on a training set containing CT volumes and their respective image-level (i.e., global) annotation. However, the lack of annotations for the localisation of the regions of interest (ROIs) containing lymph nodes can limit classification accuracy due to the small size of the relevant ROIs in this problem. The use of lymph node ROIs together with global annotations in a multi-task training process has the potential to improve classification accuracy, but the high cost involved in obtaining the ROI annotation for the same samples that have global annotations is a roadblock for this alternative. We address this limitation by introducing a new training strategy from two data sets: one containing the global annotations, and another (publicly available) containing only the lymph node ROI localisation. We term our new strategy semi-supervised multi-domain multi-task training, where the goal is to improve the diagnosis accuracy on the globally annotated data set by incorporating the ROI annotations from a different domain. Using a private data set containing global annotations and a public data set containing lymph node ROI localisation, we show that our proposed training mechanism improves the area under the ROC curve for the classification task compared to several training method baselines. 
### 9.Deep Classification Network for Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10369.pdf)
>  Monocular Depth Estimation is usually treated as a supervised and regression problem when it actually is very similar to semantic segmentation task since they both are fundamentally pixel-level classification tasks. We applied depth increments that increases with depth in discretizing depth values and then applied Deeplab v2 and the result was higher accuracy. We were able to achieve a state-of-the-art result on the KITTI dataset and outperformed existing architecture by an 8% margin. 
### 10.Facial Expression Restoration Based on Improved Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10344.pdf)
>  Facial expression analysis in the wild is challenging when the facial image is with low resolution or partial occlusion. Considering the correlations among different facial local regions under different facial expressions, this paper proposes a novel facial expression restoration method based on generative adversarial network by integrating an improved graph convolutional network (IGCN) and region relation modeling block (RRMB). Unlike conventional graph convolutional networks taking vectors as input features, IGCN can use tensors of face patches as inputs. It is better to retain the structure information of face patches. The proposed RRMB is designed to address facial generative tasks including inpainting and super-resolution with facial action units detection, which aims to restore facial expression as the ground-truth. Extensive experiments conducted on BP4D and DISFA benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method through quantitative and qualitative evaluations. 
### 11.Relation Modeling with Graph Convolutional Networks for Facial Action Unit Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10334.pdf)
>  Most existing AU detection works considering AU relationships are relying on probabilistic graphical models with manually extracted features. This paper proposes an end-to-end deep learning framework for facial AU detection with graph convolutional network (GCN) for AU relation modeling, which has not been explored before. In particular, AU related regions are extracted firstly, latent representations full of AU information are learned through an auto-encoder. Moreover, each latent representation vector is feed into GCN as a node, the connection mode of GCN is determined based on the relationships of AUs. Finally, the assembled features updated through GCN are concatenated for AU detection. Extensive experiments on BP4D and DISFA benchmarks demonstrate that our framework significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for facial AU detection. The proposed framework is also validated through a series of ablation studies. 
### 12.Iterative Matching Point  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10328.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a neural network-based point cloud registration method named Iterative Matching Point (IMP). Our model iteratively matches features of points from two point clouds and solve the rigid body motion by minimizing the distance between the matching points. The idea is similar to Iterative Closest Point (ICP), but our model determines correspondences by comparing geometric features instead of just finding the closest point. Thus it does not suffer from the local minima problem and can handle point clouds with large rotation angles. Furthermore, the robustness of the feature extraction network allows IMP to register partial and noisy point clouds. Experiments on the ModelNet40 dataset show that our method outperforms existing point cloud registration method by a large margin, especially when the initial rotation angle is large. Also, its capability generalizes to real world 2.5D data without training on them. 
### 13.Region Based Adversarial Synthesis of Facial Action Units  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10323.pdf)
>  Facial expression synthesis or editing has recently received increasing attention in the field of affective computing and facial expression modeling. However, most existing facial expression synthesis works are limited in paired training data, low resolution, identity information damaging, and so on. To address those limitations, this paper introduces a novel Action Unit (AU) level facial expression synthesis method called Local Attentive Conditional Generative Adversarial Network (LAC-GAN) based on face action units annotations. Given desired AU labels, LAC-GAN utilizes local AU regional rules to control the status of each AU and attentive mechanism to combine several of them into the whole photo-realistic facial expressions or arbitrary facial expressions. In addition, unpaired training data is utilized in our proposed method to train the manipulation module with the corresponding AU labels, which learns a mapping between a facial expression manifold. Extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations are conducted on the commonly used BP4D dataset to verify the effectiveness of our proposed AU synthesis method. 
### 14.Winning the ICCV 2019 Learning to Drive Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10318.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving has a significant impact on society. Predicting vehicle trajectories, specifically, angle and speed, is important for safe and comfortable driving. This work focuses on fusing inputs from camera sensors and visual map data which lead to significant improvement in performance and plays a key role in winning the challenge. We use pre-trained CNN's for processing image frames, a neural network for fusing the image representation with visual map data, and train a sequence model for time series prediction. We demonstrate the best performing MSE angle and best performance overall, to win the ICCV 2019 Learning to Drive challenge. We make our models and code publicly available. 
### 15.Using Segmentation Masks in the ICCV 2019 Learning to Drive Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10317.pdf)
>  In this work we predict vehicle speed and steering angle given camera image frames. Our key contribution is using an external pre-trained neural network for segmentation. We augment the raw images with their segmentation masks and mirror images. We ensemble three diverse neural network models (i) a CNN using a single image and its segmentation mask, (ii) a stacked CNN taking as input a sequence of images and segmentation masks, and (iii) a bidirectional GRU, extracting image features using a pre-trained ResNet34, DenseNet121 and our own CNN single image model. We achieve the second best performance for MSE angle and second best performance overall, to win 2nd place in the ICCV Learning to Drive challenge. We make our models and code publicly available. 
### 16.Unsupervised Robust Disentangling of Latent Characteristics for Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10223.pdf)
>  Deep generative models come with the promise to learn an explainable representation for visual objects that allows image sampling, synthesis, and selective modification. The main challenge is to learn to properly model the independent latent characteristics of an object, especially its appearance and pose. We present a novel approach that learns disentangled representations of these characteristics and explains them individually. Training requires only pairs of images depicting the same object appearance, but no pose annotations. We propose an additional classifier that estimates the minimal amount of regularization required to enforce disentanglement. Thus both representations together can completely explain an image while being independent of each other. Previous methods based on adversarial approaches fail to enforce this independence, while methods based on variational approaches lead to uninformative representations. In experiments on diverse object categories, the approach successfully recombines pose and appearance to reconstruct and retarget novel synthesized images. We achieve significant improvements over state-of-the-art methods which utilize the same level of supervision, and reach performances comparable to those of pose-supervised approaches. However, we can handle the vast body of articulated object classes for which no pose models/annotations are available. 
### 17.Fast and Automatic Periacetabular Osteotomy Fragment Pose Estimation Using Intraoperatively Implanted Fiducials and Single-View Fluoroscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10187.pdf)
>  Accurate and consistent mental interpretation of fluoroscopy to determine the position and orientation of acetabular bone fragments in 3D space is difficult. We propose a computer assisted approach that uses a single fluoroscopic view and quickly reports the pose of an acetabular fragment without any user input or initialization. Intraoperatively, but prior to any osteotomies, two constellations of metallic ball-bearings (BBs) are injected into the wing of a patient's ilium and lateral superior pubic ramus. One constellation is located on the expected acetabular fragment, and the other is located on the remaining, larger, pelvis fragment. The 3D locations of each BB are reconstructed using three fluoroscopic views and 2D/3D registrations to a preoperative CT scan of the pelvis. The relative pose of the fragment is established by estimating the movement of the two BB constellations using a single fluoroscopic view taken after osteotomy and fragment relocation. BB detection and inter-view correspondences are automatically computed throughout the processing pipeline. The proposed method was evaluated on a multitude of fluoroscopic images collected from six cadaveric surgeries performed bilaterally on three specimens. Mean fragment rotation error was 2.4 +/- 1.0 degrees, mean translation error was 2.1 +/- 0.6 mm, and mean 3D lateral center edge angle error was 1.0 +/- 0.5 degrees. The average runtime of the single-view pose estimation was 0.7 +/- 0.2 seconds. The proposed method demonstrates accuracy similar to other state of the art systems which require optical tracking systems or multiple-view 2D/3D registrations with manual input. The errors reported on fragment poses and lateral center edge angles are within the margins required for accurate intraoperative evaluation of femoral head coverage. 
### 18.Contrastive Representation Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10699.pdf)
>  Often we wish to transfer representational knowledge from one neural network to another. Examples include distilling a large network into a smaller one, transferring knowledge from one sensory modality to a second, or ensembling a collection of models into a single estimator. Knowledge distillation, the standard approach to these problems, minimizes the KL divergence between the probabilistic outputs of a teacher and student network. We demonstrate that this objective ignores important structural knowledge of the teacher network. This motivates an alternative objective by which we train a student to capture significantly more information in the teacher's representation of the data. We formulate this objective as contrastive learning. Experiments demonstrate that our resulting new objective outperforms knowledge distillation and other cutting-edge distillers on a variety of knowledge transfer tasks, including single model compression, ensemble distillation, and cross-modal transfer. Our method sets a new state-of-the-art in many transfer tasks, and sometimes even outperforms the teacher network when combined with knowledge distillation. Code: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/HobbitLong/RepDistiller" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 19.A Useful Taxonomy for Adversarial Robustness of Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10679.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks and defenses are currently active areas of research for the deep learning community. A recent review paper divided the defense approaches into three categories; gradient masking, robust optimization, and adversarial example detection. We divide gradient masking and robust optimization differently: (1) increasing intra-class compactness and inter-class separation of the feature vectors improves adversarial robustness, and (2) marginalization or removal of non-robust image features also improves adversarial robustness. By reframing these topics differently, we provide a fresh perspective that provides insight into the underlying factors that enable training more robust networks and can help inspire novel solutions. In addition, there are several papers in the literature of adversarial defenses that claim there is a cost for adversarial robustness, or a trade-off between robustness and accuracy but, under this proposed taxonomy, we hypothesis that this is not universal. We follow up on our taxonomy with several challenges to the deep learning research community that builds on the connections and insights in this paper. 
### 20.gradSLAM: Dense SLAM meets Automatic Differentiation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10672.pdf)
>  The question of "representation" is central in the context of dense simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). Newer learning-based approaches have the potential to leverage data or task performance to directly inform the choice of representation. However, learning representations for SLAM has been an open question, because traditional SLAM systems are not end-to-end differentiable. <br>In this work, we present gradSLAM, a differentiable computational graph take on SLAM. Leveraging the automatic differentiation capabilities of computational graphs, gradSLAM enables the design of SLAM systems that allow for gradient-based learning across each of their components, or the system as a whole. This is achieved by creating differentiable alternatives for each non-differentiable component in a typical dense SLAM system. Specifically, we demonstrate how to design differentiable trust-region optimizers, surface measurement and fusion schemes, as well as differentiate over rays, without sacrificing performance. This amalgamation of dense SLAM with computational graphs enables us to backprop all the way from 3D maps to 2D pixels, opening up new possibilities in gradient-based learning for SLAM. <br>TL;DR: We leverage the power of automatic differentiation frameworks to make dense SLAM differentiable. 
### 21.Long-Term Urban Vehicle Localization Using Pole Landmarks Extracted from 3-D Lidar Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10550.pdf)
>  Due to their ubiquity and long-term stability, pole-like objects are well suited to serve as landmarks for vehicle localization in urban environments. In this work, we present a complete mapping and long-term localization system based on pole landmarks extracted from 3-D lidar data. Our approach features a novel pole detector, a mapping module, and an online localization module, each of which are described in detail, and for which we provide an open-source implementation at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.github.com/acschaefer/polex" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. In extensive experiments, we demonstrate that our method improves on the state of the art with respect to long-term reliability and accuracy: First, we prove reliability by tasking the system with localizing a mobile robot over the course of 15~months in an urban area based on an initial map, confronting it with constantly varying routes, differing weather conditions, seasonal changes, and construction sites. Second, we show that the proposed approach clearly outperforms a recently published method in terms of accuracy. 
### 22.A Deep Learning based Pipeline for Efficient Oral Cancer Screening on Whole Slide Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10549.pdf)
>  Oral cancer incidence is rapidly increasing worldwide. The most important determinant factor in cancer survival is early diagnosis. To facilitate large scale screening, we propose a fully automated end-to-end pipeline for oral cancer screening on whole slide cytology images. The pipeline consists of regression based nucleus detection, followed by per cell focus selection, and CNN based classification. We demonstrate that the pipeline provides fast and efficient cancer classification of whole slide cytology images, improving over previous results. The complete source code is made available as open source (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MIDA-group/OralScreen" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>). 
### 23.Deep generative model-driven multimodal prostate segmentation in radiotherapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10542.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown unprecedented success in a variety of applications, such as computer vision and medical image analysis. However, there is still potential to improve segmentation in multimodal images by embedding prior knowledge via learning-based shape modeling and registration to learn the modality invariant anatomical structure of organs. For example, in radiotherapy automatic prostate segmentation is essential in prostate cancer diagnosis, therapy, and post-therapy assessment from T2-weighted MR or CT images. In this paper, we present a fully automatic deep generative model-driven multimodal prostate segmentation method using convolutional neural network (DGMNet). The novelty of our method comes with its embedded generative neural network for learning-based shape modeling and its ability to adapt for different imaging modalities via learning-based registration. The proposed method includes a multi-task learning framework that combines a convolutional feature extraction and an embedded regression and classification based shape modeling. This enables the network to predict the deformable shape of an organ. We show that generative neural networkbased shape modeling trained on a reliable contrast imaging modality (such as MRI) can be directly applied to low contrast imaging modality (such as CT) to achieve accurate prostate segmentation. The method was evaluated on MRI and CT datasets acquired from different clinical centers with large variations in contrast and scanning protocols. Experimental results reveal that our method can be used to automatically and accurately segment the prostate gland in different imaging modalities. 
### 24.Semantic Segmentation of Skin Lesions using a Small Data Set  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10534.pdf)
>  Early detection of melanoma is difficult for the human eye but a crucial step towards reducing its death rate. Computerized detection of these melanoma and other skin lesions is necessary. The central research question in this paper is "How to segment skin lesion images using a neural network with low available data?". This question is divided into three sub questions regarding best performing network structure, training data and training method. First theory associated with these questions is discussed. Literature states that U-net CNN structures have excellent performances on the segmentation task, more training data increases network performance and utilizing transfer learning enables networks to generalize to new data better. <br>To validate these findings in the literature two experiments are conducted. The first experiment trains a network on data sets of different size. The second experiment proposes twelve network structures and trains them on the same data set. The experimental results support the findings in the literature. The FCN16 and FCN32 networks perform best in the accuracy, intersection over union and mean BF1 Score metric. Concluding from these results the skin lesion segmentation network is a fully convolutional structure with a skip architecture and an encoder depth of either one or two. Weights of this network should be initialized using transfer learning from the pre trained VGG16 network. Training data should be cropped to reduce complexity and augmented during training to reduce the likelihood of overfitting. 
### 25.Closed-Form Full Map Posteriors for Robot Localization with Lidar Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10493.pdf)
>  A popular class of lidar-based grid mapping algorithms computes for each map cell the probability that it reflects an incident laser beam. These algorithms typically determine the map as the set of reflection probabilities that maximizes the likelihood of the underlying laser data and do not compute the full posterior distribution over all possible maps. Thereby, they discard crucial information about the confidence of the estimate. The approach presented in this paper preserves this information by determining the full map posterior. In general, this problem is hard because distributions over real-valued quantities can possess infinitely many dimensions. However, for two state-of-the-art beam-based lidar models, our approach yields closed-form map posteriors that possess only two parameters per cell. Even better, these posteriors come for free, in the sense that they use the same parameters as the traditional approaches, without the need for additional computations. An important use case for grid maps is robot localization, which we formulate as Bayesian filtering based on the closed-form map posterior rather than based on a single map. The resulting measurement likelihoods can also be expressed in closed form. In simulations and extensive real-world experiments, we show that leveraging the full map posterior improves the localization accuracy compared to approaches that use the most likely map. 
### 26.Neural Ordinary Differential Equations for Semantic Segmentation of Individual Colon Glands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10470.pdf)
>  Automated medical image segmentation plays a key role in quantitative research and diagnostics. Convolutional neural networks based on the U-Net architecture are the state-of-the-art. A key disadvantage is the hard-coding of the receptive field size, which requires architecture optimization for each segmentation task. Furthermore, increasing the receptive field results in an increasing number of weights. Recently, Neural Ordinary Differential Equations (NODE) have been proposed, a new type of continuous depth deep neural network. This framework allows for a dynamic receptive field at a fixed memory cost and a smaller amount of parameters. We show on a colon gland segmentation dataset (GlaS) that these NODEs can be used within the U-Net framework to improve segmentation results while reducing memory load and parameter counts. 
### 27.An Analytical Lidar Sensor Model Based on Ray Path Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10469.pdf)
>  Two core competencies of a mobile robot are to build a map of the environment and to estimate its own pose on the basis of this map and incoming sensor readings. To account for the uncertainties in this process, one typically employs probabilistic state estimation approaches combined with a model of the specific sensor. Over the past years, lidar sensors have become a popular choice for mapping and localization. However, many common lidar models perform poorly in unstructured, unpredictable environments, they lack a consistent physical model for both mapping and localization, and they do not exploit all the information the sensor provides, e.g. out-of-range measurements. In this paper, we introduce a consistent physical model that can be applied to mapping as well as to localization. It naturally deals with unstructured environments and makes use of both out-of-range measurements and information about the ray path. The approach can be seen as a generalization of the well-established reflection model, but in addition to counting ray reflections and traversals in a specific map cell, it considers the distances that all rays travel inside this cell. We prove that the resulting map maximizes the data likelihood and demonstrate that our model outperforms state-of-the-art sensor models in extensive real-world experiments. 
### 28.Deep Learning Supersampled Scanning Transmission Electron Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10467.pdf)
>  Compressed sensing can increase resolution, and decrease electron dose and scan time of electron microscope point-scan systems with minimal information loss. Building on a history of successful deep learning applications in compressed sensing, we have developed a two-stage multiscale generative adversarial network to supersample scanning transmission electron micrographs with point-scan coverage reduced to 1/16, 1/25, ..., 1/100 px. We propose a novel non-adversarial learning policy to train a unified generator for multiple coverages and introduce an auxiliary network to homogenize prioritization of training data with varied signal-to-noise ratios. This achieves root mean square errors of 3.23\% and 4.54\% at 1/16 px and 1/100 px coverage, respectively; within 1\% of errors for networks trained for each coverage individually. Detailed error distributions are presented for unified and individual coverage generators, including errors per output pixel. In addition, we present a baseline one-stage network for a single coverage and investigate numerical precision for web serving. Source code, training data, and pretrained models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jeffrey-Ede/DLSS-STEM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 29.Divide-and-Conquer Adversarial Learning for High-Resolution Image and Video Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10455.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a divide-and-conquer inspired adversarial learning (DACAL) approach for photo enhancement. The key idea is to decompose the photo enhancement process into hierarchically multiple sub-problems, which can be better conquered from bottom to up. On the top level, we propose a perception-based division to learn additive and multiplicative components, required to translate a low-quality image or video into its high-quality counterpart. On the intermediate level, we use a frequency-based division with generative adversarial network (GAN) to weakly supervise the photo enhancement process. On the lower level, we design a dimension-based division that enables the GAN model to better approximates the distribution distance on multiple independent one-dimensional data to train the GAN model. While considering all three hierarchies, we develop multiscale and recurrent training approaches to optimize the image and video enhancement process in a weakly-supervised manner. Both quantitative and qualitative results clearly demonstrate that the proposed DACAL achieves the state-of-the-art performance for high-resolution image and video enhancement. 
### 30.INTEL-TAU: A Color Constancy Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10404.pdf)
>  In this paper, we describe a new large dataset for illumination estimation. This dataset, called INTEL-TAU, contains 7022 images in total, which makes it the largest available dataset for illumination estimation research. The variety of scenes captured using three different camera models, i.e., Canon 5DSR, Nikon D810, and Sony IMX135, makes the dataset appropriate for evaluating the camera and scene invariance of the different illumination estimation techniques. Privacy masking is done for sensitive information, e.g., faces. Thus, the dataset is coherent with the new \ac{GDPR} regulations. Furthermore, the effect of color shading for mobile images can be evaluated with INTEL-TAU, as we provide both corrected and uncorrected versions of the raw data. We provide in this paper the evaluation of several color constancy approaches. 
### 31.Efficient Decoupled Neural Architecture Search by Structure and Operation Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10397.pdf)
>  We propose a novel neural architecture search algorithm via reinforcement learning by decoupling structure and operation search processes. Our approach samples candidate models from the multinomial distribution on the policy vectors defined on the two search spaces independently. The proposed technique improves the efficiency of architecture search process significantly compared to the conventional methods based on reinforcement learning with the RNN controllers while achieving competitive accuracy and model size in target tasks. Our policy vectors are easily interpretable throughout the training procedure, which allows to analyze the search progress and the discovered architectures; the black-box characteristics of the RNN controllers hamper understanding training progress in terms of policy parameter updates. Our experiments demonstrate outstanding performance compared to the state-of-the-art methods with a fraction of search cost. 
### 32.EdgeAI: A Vision for Deep Learning in IoT Era  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10356.pdf)
>  The significant computational requirements of deep learning present a major bottleneck for its large-scale adoption on hardware-constrained IoT-devices. Here, we envision a new paradigm called EdgeAI to address major impediments associated with deploying deep networks at the edge. Specifically, we discuss the existing directions in computation-aware deep learning and describe two new challenges in the IoT era: (1) Data-independent deployment of learning, and (2) Communication-aware distributed inference. We further present new directions from our recent research to alleviate the latter two challenges. Overcoming these challenges is crucial for rapid adoption of learning on IoT-devices in order to truly enable EdgeAI. 
### 33.Photoshopping Colonoscopy Video Frames  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10345.pdf)
>  The automatic detection of frames containing polyps from a colonoscopy video sequence is an important first step for a fully automated colonoscopy analysis tool. Typically, such detection system is built using a large annotated data set of frames with and without polyps, which is expensive to be obtained. In this paper, we introduce a new system that detects frames containing polyps as anomalies from a distribution of frames from exams that do not contain any polyps. The system is trained using a one-class training set consisting of colonoscopy frames without polyps -- such training set is considerably less expensive to obtain, compared to the 2-class data set mentioned above. During inference, the system is only able to reconstruct frames without polyps, and when it tries to reconstruct a frame with polyp, it automatically removes (i.e., photoshop) it from the frame -- the difference between the input and reconstructed frames is used to detect frames with polyps. We name our proposed model as anomaly detection generative adversarial network (ADGAN), comprising a dual GAN with two generators and two discriminators. We show that our proposed approach achieves the state-of-the-art result on this data set, compared with recently proposed anomaly detection systems. 
### 34.Stain Style Transfer using Transitive Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10330.pdf)
>  Digitized pathological diagnosis has been in increasing demand recently. It is well known that color information is critical to the automatic and visual analysis of pathological slides. However, the color variations due to various factors not only have negative impact on pathologist's diagnosis, but also will reduce the robustness of the algorithms. The factors that cause the color differences are not only in the process of making the slices, but also in the process of digitization. Different strategies have been proposed to alleviate the color variations. Most of such techniques rely on collecting color statistics to perform color matching across images and highly dependent on a reference template slide. Since the pathological slides between hospitals are usually unpaired, these methods do not yield good matching results. In this work, we propose a novel network that we refer to as Transitive Adversarial Networks (TAN) to transfer the color information among slides from different hospitals or centers. It is not necessary for an expert to pick a representative reference slide in the proposed TAN method. We compare the proposed method with the state-of-the-art methods quantitatively and qualitatively. Compared with the state-of-the-art methods, our method yields an improvement of 0.87dB in terms of PSNR, demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed TAN method in stain style transfer. 
### 35.Generalized Domain Adaptation with Covariate and Label Shift CO-ALignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10320.pdf)
>  Unsupervised knowledge transfer has a great potential to improve the generalizability of deep models to novel domains. Yet the current literature assumes that the label distribution is domain-invariant and only aligns the covariate or vice versa. In this paper, we explore the task of Generalized Domain Adaptation (GDA): How to transfer knowledge across different domains in the presence of both covariate and label shift? We propose a covariate and label distribution CO-ALignment (COAL) model to tackle this problem. Our model leverages prototype-based conditional alignment and label distribution estimation to diminish the covariate and label shifts, respectively. We demonstrate experimentally that when both types of shift exist in the data, COAL leads to state-of-the-art performance on several cross-domain benchmarks. 
### 36.Genetic Programming for Evolving Similarity Functions for Clustering: Representations and Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10264.pdf)
>  Clustering is a difficult and widely-studied data mining task, with many varieties of clustering algorithms proposed in the literature. Nearly all algorithms use a similarity measure such as a distance metric (e.g. Euclidean distance) to decide which instances to assign to the same cluster. These similarity measures are generally pre-defined and cannot be easily tailored to the properties of a particular dataset, which leads to limitations in the quality and the interpretability of the clusters produced. In this paper, we propose a new approach to automatically evolving similarity functions for a given clustering algorithm by using genetic programming. We introduce a new genetic programming-based method which automatically selects a small subset of features (feature selection) and then combines them using a variety of functions (feature construction) to produce dynamic and flexible similarity functions that are specifically designed for a given dataset. We demonstrate how the evolved similarity functions can be used to perform clustering using a graph-based representation. The results of a variety of experiments across a range of large, high-dimensional datasets show that the proposed approach can achieve higher and more consistent performance than the benchmark methods. We further extend the proposed approach to automatically produce multiple complementary similarity functions by using a multi-tree approach, which gives further performance improvements. We also analyse the interpretability and structure of the automatically evolved similarity functions to provide insight into how and why they are superior to standard distance metrics. 
### 37.Towards an Intelligent Microscope: adaptively learned illumination for optimal sample classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10209.pdf)
>  Recent machine learning techniques have dramatically changed how we process digital images. However, the way in which we capture images is still largely driven by human intuition and experience. This restriction is in part due to the many available degrees of freedom that alter the image acquisition process (lens focus, exposure, filtering, etc). Here we focus on one such degree of freedom - illumination within a microscope - which can drastically alter information captured by the image sensor. We present a reinforcement learning system that adaptively explores optimal patterns to illuminate specimens for immediate classification. The agent uses a recurrent latent space to encode a large set of variably-illuminated samples and illumination patterns. We train our agent using a reward that balances classification confidence with image acquisition cost. By synthesizing knowledge over multiple snapshots, the agent can classify on the basis of all previous images with higher accuracy than from naively illuminated images, thus demonstrating a smarter way to physically capture task-specific information. 
