# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 25 Oct 2019
### 1.Guided Image-to-Image Translation with Bi-Directional Feature Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11328.pdf)
>  We address the problem of guided image-to-image translation where we translate an input image into another while respecting the constraints provided by an external, user-provided guidance image. Various conditioning methods for leveraging the given guidance image have been explored, including input concatenation , feature concatenation, and conditional affine transformation of feature activations. All these conditioning mechanisms, however, are uni-directional, i.e., no information flow from the input image back to the guidance. To better utilize the constraints of the guidance image, we present a bi-directional feature transformation (bFT) scheme. We show that our bFT scheme outperforms other conditioning schemes and has comparable results to state-of-the-art methods on different tasks. 
### 2.TexturePose: Supervising Human Mesh Estimation with Texture Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11322.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of model-based human pose estimation. Recent approaches have made significant progress towards regressing the parameters of parametric human body models directly from images. Because of the absence of images with 3D shape ground truth, relevant approaches rely on 2D annotations or sophisticated architecture designs. In this work, we advocate that there are more cues we can leverage, which are available for free in natural images, i.e., without getting more annotations, or modifying the network architecture. We propose a natural form of supervision, that capitalizes on the appearance constancy of a person among different frames (or viewpoints). This seemingly insignificant and often overlooked cue goes a long way for model-based pose estimation. The parametric model we employ allows us to compute a texture map for each frame. Assuming that the texture of the person does not change dramatically between frames, we can apply a novel texture consistency loss, which enforces that each point in the texture map has the same texture value across all frames. Since the texture is transferred in this common texture map space, no camera motion computation is necessary, or even an assumption of smoothness among frames. This makes our proposed supervision applicable in a variety of settings, ranging from monocular video, to multi-view images. We benchmark our approach against strong baselines that require the same or even more annotations that we do and we consistently outperform them. Simultaneously, we achieve state-of-the-art results among model-based pose estimation approaches in different benchmarks. The project website with videos, results, and code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://seas.upenn.edu/~pavlakos/projects/texturepose" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 3.Progressive Domain Adaptation for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11319.pdf)
>  Recent deep learning methods for object detection rely on a large amount of bounding box annotations. Collecting these annotations is laborious and costly, yet supervised models do not generalize well when testing on images from a different distribution. Domain adaptation provides a solution by adapting existing labels to the target testing data. However, a large gap between domains could make adaptation a challenging task, which leads to unstable training processes and sub-optimal results. In this paper, we propose to bridge the domain gap with an intermediate domain and progressively solve easier adaptation subtasks. This intermediate domain is constructed by translating the source images to mimic the ones in the target domain. To tackle the domain-shift problem, we adopt adversarial learning to align distributions at the feature level. In addition, a weighted task loss is applied to deal with unbalanced image quality in the intermediate domain. Experimental results show that our method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art method in terms of the performance on the target domain. 
### 4.Controllable Attention for Structured Layered Video Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11306.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is to be able to separate a video into its natural layers, and to control which of the separated layers to attend to. For example, to be able to separate reflections, transparency or object motion. We make the following three contributions: (i) we introduce a new structured neural network architecture that explicitly incorporates layers (as spatial masks) into its design. This improves separation performance over previous general purpose networks for this task; (ii) we demonstrate that we can augment the architecture to leverage external cues such as audio for controllability and to help disambiguation; and (iii) we experimentally demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach and training procedure with controlled experiments while also showing that the proposed model can be successfully applied to real-word applications such as reflection removal and action recognition in cluttered scenes. 
### 5.Identifying Unknown Instances for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11296.pdf)
>  In the past few years, we have seen great progress in perception algorithms, particular through the use of deep learning. However, most existing approaches focus on a few categories of interest, which represent only a small fraction of the potential categories that robots need to handle in the real-world. Thus, identifying objects from unknown classes remains a challenging yet crucial task. In this paper, we develop a novel open-set instance segmentation algorithm for point clouds which can segment objects from both known and unknown classes in a holistic way. Our method uses a deep convolutional neural network to project points into a category-agnostic embedding space in which they can be clustered into instances irrespective of their semantics. Experiments on two large-scale self-driving datasets validate the effectiveness of our proposed method. 
### 6.LPAT: Learning to Predict Adaptive Threshold for Weakly-supervised Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11285.pdf)
>  Recently, Weakly-supervised Temporal Action Localization (WTAL) has been densely studied because it can free us from costly annotating temporal boundaries of actions. One prevalent strategy is obtaining action score sequences over time and then truncating segments of scores higher than a fixed threshold at every kept snippet. However, the threshold is not modeled in the training process and manually setting the threshold introduces expert knowledge, which damages the coherence of systems and makes it unfair for comparisons. In this paper, we propose to adaptively set the threshold at each snippet to be its background score, which can be learned to predict (LPAT). In both training and testing time, the predicted threshold is leveraged to localize action segments and the scores of these segments are allocated for video classification. We also identify an important constraint to improve the confidence of generated proposals, and model it as a novel loss term, which facilitates the video classification loss to improve models' localization ability. As such, our LPAT model is able to generate accurate action proposals with only video-level supervision. Extensive experiments on two standard yet challenging datasets, i.e., THUMOS'14 and ActivityNet1.2, show significant improvement over state-of-the-art methods. 
### 7.Emotion recognition with 4kresolution database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11276.pdf)
>  Classifying the human emotion through facial expressions is a big topic in both the Computer Vision and Deep learning fields. Human emotion can be classified as one of the basic emotion types like being angry, happy or dimensional emotion with valence and arousal values. There are a lot of related challenges in this topic, one of the most famous challenges is called the 'Affect-in-the-wild Challenge'(Aff-Wild Challenge). It is the first challenge on the estimation of valence and arousal in-the-wild. This project is an extension of the Aff-wild Challenge. Aff-wild database was created using images with a mean resolution of 607*359, I and Dimitrios sought to find out the performance of the model that is trained on a database that contains4K resolution in-the-wild images. Since there is no existing database to satisfy the requirement, I built this database from scratch with help from Dimitrios and trained neural network models with different hyperparameters on this database. I used network models likeVGG16, AlexNet, ResNet and also some pre-trained models like Ima-geNet VGG. I compared the results of the different network models alongside the results from the Aff-wild database to exploit the optimal model for my database. 
### 8.Fully-Automatic Semantic Segmentation for Food Intake Tracking in Long-Term Care Homes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11250.pdf)
>  Malnutrition impacts quality of life and places annually-recurring burden on the health care system. Half of older adults are at risk for malnutrition in long-term care (LTC). Monitoring and measuring nutritional intake is paramount yet involves time-consuming and subjective visual assessment, limiting current methods' reliability. The opportunity for automatic image-based estimation exists. Some progress outside LTC has been made (e.g., calories consumed, food classification), however, these methods have not been implemented in LTC, potentially due to a lack of ability to independently evaluate automatic segmentation methods within the intake estimation pipeline. Here, we propose and evaluate a novel fully-automatic semantic segmentation method for pixel-level classification of food on a plate using a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN). The macroarchitecture of the DCNN is a multi-scale encoder-decoder food network (EDFN) architecture comprising a residual encoder microarchitecture, a pyramid scene parsing decoder microarchitecture, and a specialized per-pixel food/no-food classification layer. The network was trained and validated on the pre-labelled UNIMIB 2016 food dataset (1027 tray images, 73 categories), and tested on our novel LTC plate dataset (390 plate images, 9 categories). Our fully-automatic segmentation method attained similar intersection over union to the semi-automatic graph cuts (91.2% vs. 93.7%). Advantages of our proposed system include: testing on a novel dataset, decoupled error analysis, no user-initiated annotations, with similar segmentation accuracy and enhanced reliability in terms of types of segmentation errors. This may address several short-comings currently limiting utility of automated food intake tracking in time-constrained LTC and hospital settings. 
### 9.Speech Emotion Recognition via Contrastive Loss under Siamese Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11174.pdf)
>  Speech emotion recognition is an important aspect of human-computer interaction. Prior work proposes various end-to-end models to improve the classification performance. However, most of them rely on the cross-entropy loss together with softmax as the supervision component, which does not explicitly encourage discriminative learning of features. In this paper, we introduce the contrastive loss function to encourage intra-class compactness and inter-class separability between learnable features. Furthermore, multiple feature selection methods and pairwise sample selection methods are evaluated. To verify the performance of the proposed system, we conduct experiments on The Interactive Emotional Dyadic Motion Capture (IEMOCAP) database, a common evaluation corpus. Experimental results reveal the advantages of the proposed method, which reaches 62.19% in the weighted accuracy and 63.21% in the unweighted accuracy. It outperforms the baseline system that is optimized without the contrastive loss function with 1.14% and 2.55% in the weighted accuracy and the unweighted accuracy, respectively. 
### 10.DCT Maps: Compact Differentiable Lidar Maps Based on the Cosine Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11147.pdf)
>  Most robot mapping techniques for lidar sensors tessellate the environment into pixels or voxels and assume uniformity of the environment within them. Although intuitive, this representation entails disadvantages: The resulting grid maps exhibit aliasing effects and are not differentiable. In the present paper, we address these drawbacks by introducing a novel mapping technique that does neither rely on tessellation nor on the assumption of piecewise uniformity of the space, without increasing memory requirements. Instead of representing the map in the position domain, we store the map parameters in the discrete frequency domain and leverage the continuous extension of the inverse discrete cosine transform to convert them to a continuously differentiable scalar field in the position domain, which we call DCT map. A DCT map assigns to each point in space a lidar decay rate, which models the local permeability of the space for laser rays. In this way, the map can describe objects of different laser permeabilities, from completely opaque to completely transparent. DCT maps represent lidar measurements significantly more accurate than grid maps, Gaussian process occupancy maps, and Hilbert maps, all with the same memory requirements, as demonstrated in our real-world experiments. 
### 11.Reversible designs for extreme memory cost reduction of CNN training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11127.pdf)
>  Training Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) is a resource intensive task that requires specialized hardware for efficient computation. One of the most limiting bottleneck of CNN training is the memory cost associated with storing the activation values of hidden layers needed for the computation of the weights gradient during the backward pass of the backpropagation algorithm. Recently, reversible architectures have been proposed to reduce the memory cost of training large CNN by reconstructing the input activation values of hidden layers from their output during the backward pass, circumventing the need to accumulate these activations in memory during the forward pass. In this paper, we push this idea to the extreme and analyze reversible network designs yielding minimal training memory footprint. We investigate the propagation of numerical errors in long chains of invertible operations and analyze their effect on training. We introduce the notion of pixel-wise memory cost to characterize the memory footprint of model training, and propose a new model architecture able to efficiently train arbitrarily deep neural networks with a minimum memory cost of 352 bytes per input pixel. This new kind of architecture enables training large neural networks on very limited memory, opening the door for neural network training on embedded devices or non-specialized hardware. For instance, we demonstrate training of our model to 93.3% accuracy on the CIFAR10 dataset within 67 minutes on a low-end Nvidia GTX750 GPU with only 1GB of memory. 
### 12.Sensor fusion using EMG and vision for hand gesture classification in mobile applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11126.pdf)
>  The discrimination of human gestures using wearable solutions is extremely important as a supporting technique for assisted living, healthcare of the elderly and neurorehabilitation. This paper presents a mobile electromyography (EMG) analysis framework to be an auxiliary component in physiotherapy sessions or as a feedback for neuroprosthesis calibration. We implemented a framework that allows the integration of multisensors, EMG and visual information, to perform sensor fusion and to improve the accuracy of hand gesture recognition tasks. In particular, we used an event-based camera adapted to run on the limited computational resources of mobile phones. We introduced a new publicly available dataset of sensor fusion for hand gesture recognition recorded from 10 subjects and used it to train the recognition models offline. We compare the online results of the hand gesture recognition using the fusion approach with the individual sensors with an improvement in the accuracy of 13% and 11%, for EMG and vision respectively, reaching 85%. 
### 13.Enforcing Reasoning in Visual Commonsense Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11124.pdf)
>  The task of Visual Commonsense Reasoning is extremely challenging in the sense that the model has to not only be able to answer a question given an image, but also be able to learn to reason. The baselines introduced in this task are quite limiting because two networks are trained for predicting answers and rationales separately. Question and image is used as input to train answer prediction network while question, image and correct answer are used as input in the rationale prediction network. As rationale is conditioned on the correct answer, it is based on the assumption that we can solve Visual Question Answering task without any error - which is over ambitious. Moreover, such an approach makes both answer and rationale prediction two completely independent VQA tasks rendering cognition task meaningless. In this paper, we seek to address these issues by proposing an end-to-end trainable model which considers both answers and their reasons jointly. Specifically, we first predict the answer for the question and then use the chosen answer to predict the rationale. However, a trivial design of such a model becomes non-differentiable which makes it difficult to train. We solve this issue by proposing four approaches - softmax, gumbel-softmax, reinforcement learning based sampling and direct cross entropy against all pairs of answers and rationales. We demonstrate through experiments that our model performs competitively against current state-of-the-art. We conclude with an analysis of presented approaches and discuss avenues for further work. 
### 14.PID: A New Benchmark Dataset to Classify and Densify Pavement Distresses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11123.pdf)
>  Automated pavement distresses detection using road images remains a challenging topic in the computer vision research community. Recent developments in deep learning has led to considerable research activity directed towards improving the efficacy of automated pavement distress identification and rating. Deep learning models require a large ground truth data set, which is often not readily available in the case of pavements. In this study, a labeled dataset approach is introduced as a first step towards a more robust, easy-to-deploy pavement condition assessment system. The technique is termed herein as the Pavement Image Dataset (PID) method. The dataset consists of images captured from two camera views of an identical pavement segment, i.e., a wide-view and a top-down view. The wide-view images were used to classify the distresses and to train the deep learning frameworks, while the top-down view images allowed calculation of distress density, which will be used in future studies aimed at automated pavement rating. For the wide view group dataset, 7,237 images were manually annotated and distresses classified into nine categories. Images were extracted using the Google Application Programming Interface (API), selecting street-view images using a python-based code developed for this project. The new dataset was evaluated using two mainstream deep learning frameworks: You Only Look Once (YOLO v2) and Faster Region Convolution Neural Network (Faster R-CNN). Accuracy scores using the F1 index were found to be 0.84 for YOLOv2 and 0.65 for the Faster R-CNN model runs; both quite acceptable considering the convenience of utilizing Google maps images. 
### 15.Peanut Maturity Classification using Hyperspectral Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11122.pdf)
>  Seed maturity in peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.) determines economic return to a producer because of its impact on seed weight (yield), and critically influences seed vigor and other quality characteristics. During seed development, the inner mesocarp layer of the pericarp (hull) transitions in color from white to black as the seed matures. The maturity assessment process involves the removal of the exocarp of the hull and visually categorizing the mesocarp color into varying color classes from immature (white, yellow, orange) to mature (brown, and black). This visual color classification is time consuming because the exocarp must be manually removed. In addition, the visual classification process involves human assessment of colors, which leads to large variability of color classification from observer to observer. A more objective, digital imaging approach to peanut maturity is needed, optimally without the requirement of removal of the hull's exocarp. This study examined the use of a hyperspectral imaging (HSI) process to determine pod maturity with intact pericarps. The HSI method leveraged spectral differences between mature and immature pods within a classification algorithm to identify the mature and immature pods. The results showed a high classification accuracy with consistency using samples from different years and cultivars. In addition, the proposed method was capable of estimating a continuous-valued, pixel-level maturity value for individual peanut pods, allowing for a valuable tool that can be utilized in seed quality research. This new method solves issues of labor intensity and subjective error that all current methods of peanut maturity determination have. 
### 16.Face Detection on Surveillance Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11121.pdf)
>  In last few decades, a lot of progress has been made in the field of face detection. Various face detection methods have been proposed by numerous researchers working in this area. The two well-known benchmarking platform: the FDDB and WIDER face detection provide quite challenging scenarios to assess the efficacy of the detection methods. These benchmarking data sets are mostly created using images from the public network ie. the Internet. A recent, face detection and open-set recognition challenge has shown that those same face detection algorithms produce high false alarms for images taken in surveillance scenario. This shows the difficult nature of the surveillance environment. Our proposed body pose based face detection method was one of the top performers in this competition. In this paper, we perform a comparative performance analysis of some of the well known face detection methods including the few used in that competition, and, compare them to our proposed body pose based face detection method. Experiment results show that, our proposed method that leverages body information to detect faces, is the most realistic approach in terms of accuracy, false alarms and average detection time, when surveillance scenario is in consideration. 
### 17.Designovel's system description for Fashion-IQ challenge 2019  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11119.pdf)
>  This paper describes Designovel's systems which are submitted to the Fashion IQ Challenge 2019. Goal of the challenge is building an image retrieval system where input query is a candidate image plus two text phrases describe user's feedback about visual differences between the candidate image and the search target. We built the systems by combining methods from recent work on deep metric learning, multi-modal retrieval and natual language processing. First, we encode both candidate and target images with CNNs into high-level representations, and encode text descriptions to a single text vector using Transformer-based encoder. Then we compose candidate image vector and text representation into a single vector which is exptected to be biased toward target image vector. Finally, we compute cosine similarities between composed vector and encoded vectors of whole dataset, and rank them in desceding order to get ranked list. We experimented with Fashion IQ 2019 dataset in various settings of hyperparameters, achieved 39.12% average recall by a single model and 43.67% average recall by an ensemble of 16 models on test dataset. 
### 18.Shallow Art: Art Extension Through Simple Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11118.pdf)
>  Shallow Art presents, implements, and tests the use of simple single-output classification and regression models for the purpose of art generation. Various machine learning algorithms are trained on collections of computer generated images, artworks from Vincent van Gogh, and artworks from Rembrandt van Rijn. These models are then provided half of an image and asked to complete the missing side. The resulting images are displayed, and we explore implications for computational creativity. 
### 19.Facial Emotion Recognition Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11113.pdf)
>  We aim to construct a system that captures real-world facial images through the front camera on a laptop. The system is capable of processing/recognizing the captured image and predict a result in real-time. In this system, we exploit the power of deep learning technique to learn a facial emotion recognition (FER) model based on a set of labeled facial images. Finally, experiments are conducted to evaluate our model using largely used public database. 
### 20.Face Behavior à la carte: Expressions, Affect and Action Units in a Single Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11111.pdf)
>  Automatic facial behavior analysis has a long history of studies in the intersection of computer vision, physiology and psychology. However it is only recently, with the collection of large-scale datasets and powerful machine learning methods such as deep neural networks, that automatic facial behavior analysis started to thrive. Three of its iconic tasks are automatic recognition of basic expressions (e.g. happy, sad, surprised), estimation of continuous emotions (e.g., valence and arousal), and detection of facial action units (activations of e.g. upper/inner eyebrows, nose wrinkles). Up until now these tasks have been mostly studied independently collecting a dataset for the task. We present the first and the largest study of all facial behaviour tasks learned jointly in a single multi-task, multi-domain and multi-label network, which we call FaceBehaviorNet. For this we utilize all publicly available datasets in the community (around 5M images) that study facial behaviour tasks in-the-wild. We demonstrate that training jointly an end-to-end network for all tasks has consistently better performance than training each of the single-task networks. Furthermore, we propose two simple strategies for coupling the tasks during training, co-annotation and distribution matching, and show the advantages of this approach. Finally we show that FaceBehaviorNet has learned features that encapsulate all aspects of facial behaviour, and can be successfully applied to perform tasks (compound emotion recognition) beyond the ones that it has been trained in a zero- and few-shot learning setting. 
### 21.Attention-Guided Lightweight Network for Real-Time Segmentation of Robotic Surgical Instruments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11109.pdf)
>  Real-time segmentation of surgical instruments plays a crucial role in robot-assisted surgery. However, real-time segmentation of surgical instruments using current deep learning models is still a challenging task due to the high computational costs and slow inference speed. In this paper, an attention-guided lightweight network (LWANet), is proposed to segment surgical instruments in real-time. LWANet adopts the encoder-decoder architecture, where the encoder is the lightweight network MobileNetV2 and the decoder consists of depth-wise separable convolution, attention fusion block, and transposed convolution. Depth-wise separable convolution is used as the basic unit to construct the decoder, which can reduce the model size and computational costs. Attention fusion block captures global context and encodes semantic dependencies between channels to emphasize target regions, contributing to locating the surgical instrument. Transposed convolution is performed to upsample the feature map for acquiring refined edges. LWANet can segment surgical instruments in real-time, taking few computational costs. Based on 960*544 inputs, its inference speed can reach 39 fps with only 3.39 GFLOPs. Also, it has a small model size and the number of parameters is only 2.06 M. The proposed network is evaluated on two datasets. It achieves state-of-the-art performance 94.10% mean IOU on Cata7 and obtains a new record on EndoVis 2017 with 4.10% increase on mean mIOU. 
### 22.Streaming Networks: Enable A Robust Classification of Noise-Corrupted Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11107.pdf)
>  The convolution neural nets (conv nets) have achieved a state-of-the-art performance in many applications of image and video processing. The most recent studies illustrate that the conv nets are fragile in terms of recognition accuracy to various image distortions such as noise, scaling, rotation, etc. In this study we focus on the problem of robust recognition accuracy of random noise distorted images. A common solution to this problem is either to add a lot of noisy images into a training dataset, which can be very costly, or use sophisticated loss function and denoising techniques. We introduce a novel conv net architecture with multiple streams. Each stream is taking a certain intensity slice of the original image as an input, and stream parameters are trained independently. We call this novel network a "Streaming Net". Our results indicate that Streaming Net outperforms 1-stream conv net (employed as a single stream) and 1-stream wide conv net (employs the same number of filters as Streaming Net) in recognition accuracy of noise-corrupted images, while producing the same or higher recognition accuracy of no noise images in almost all of the tests. Thus, we introduce a new simple method to increase robustness of recognition of noisy images without using data generation or sophisticated training techniques. 
### 23.Label-Conditioned Next-Frame Video Generation with Neural Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11106.pdf)
>  Recent state-of-the-art video generation systems employ Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) or Variational Autoencoders (VAEs) to produce novel videos. However, VAE models typically produce blurry outputs when faced with sub-optimal conditioning of the input, and GANs are known to be unstable for large output sizes. In addition, the output videos of these models are difficult to evaluate, partly because the GAN loss function is not an accurate measure of convergence. In this work, we propose using a state-of-the-art neural flow generator called Glow to generate videos conditioned on a textual label, one frame at a time. Neural flow models are more stable than standard GANs, as they only optimize a single cross entropy loss function, which is monotonic and avoids the circular convergence issues of the GAN minimax objective. In addition, we also show how to condition Glow on external context, while still preserving the invertible nature of each "flow" layer. Finally, we evaluate the proposed Glow model by calculating cross entropy on a held-out validation set of videos, in order to compare multiple versions of the proposed model via an ablation study. We show generated videos and discuss future improvements. 
### 24.Adaptive and Iteratively Improving Recurrent Lateral Connections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11105.pdf)
>  The current leading computer vision models are typically feed forward neural models, in which the output of one computational block is passed to the next one sequentially. This is in sharp contrast to the organization of the primate visual cortex, in which feedback and lateral connections are abundant. In this work, we propose a computational model for the role of lateral connections in a given block, in which the weights of the block vary dynamically as a function of its activations, and the input from the upstream blocks is iteratively reintroduced. We demonstrate how this novel architectural modification can lead to sizable gains in performance, when applied to visual action recognition without pretraining and that it outperforms the literature architectures with recurrent feedback processing on ImageNet. 
### 25.Exploiting video sequences for unsupervised disentangling in generative adversarial networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11104.pdf)
>  In this work we present an adversarial training algorithm that exploits correlations in video to learn --without supervision-- an image generator model with a disentangled latent space. The proposed methodology requires only a few modifications to the standard algorithm of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) and involves training with sets of frames taken from short videos. We train our model over two datasets of face-centered videos which present different people speaking or moving the head: VidTIMIT and YouTube Faces datasets. We found that our proposal allows us to split the generator latent space into two subspaces. One of them controls content attributes, those that do not change along short video sequences. For the considered datasets, this is the identity of the generated face. The other subspace controls motion attributes, those attributes that are observed to change along short videos. We observed that these motion attributes are face expressions, head orientation, lips and eyes movement. The presented experiments provide quantitative and qualitative evidence supporting that the proposed methodology induces a disentangling of this two kinds of attributes in the latent space. 
### 26.SPEC2: SPECtral SParsE CNN Accelerator on FPGAs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11103.pdf)
>  To accelerate inference of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), various techniques have been proposed to reduce computation redundancy. Converting convolutional layers into frequency domain significantly reduces the computation complexity of the sliding window operations in space domain. On the other hand, weight pruning techniques address the redundancy in model parameters by converting dense convolutional kernels into sparse ones. To obtain high-throughput FPGA implementation, we propose SPEC2 -- the first work to prune and accelerate spectral CNNs. First, we propose a systematic pruning algorithm based on Alternative Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM). The offline pruning iteratively sets the majority of spectral weights to zero, without using any handcrafted heuristics. Then, we design an optimized pipeline architecture on FPGA that has efficient random access into the sparse kernels and exploits various dimensions of parallelism in convolutional layers. Overall, SPEC2 achieves high inference throughput with extremely low computation complexity and negligible accuracy degradation. We demonstrate SPEC2 by pruning and implementing LeNet and VGG16 on the Xilinx Virtex platform. After pruning 75% of the spectral weights, SPEC2 achieves 0% accuracy loss for LeNet, and &lt;1% accuracy loss for VGG16. The resulting accelerators achieve up to 24x higher throughput, compared with the state-of-the-art FPGA implementations for VGG16. 
### 27.Multi-View Features and Hybrid Reward Strategies for Vatex Video Captioning Challenge 2019  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11102.pdf)
>  This document describes our solution for the VATEX Captioning Challenge 2019, which requires generating descriptions for the videos in both English and Chinese languages. We identified three crucial factors that improve the performance, namely: multi-view features, hybrid reward, and diverse ensemble. Our method achieves the 2nd and the 3rd places on the Chinese and English video captioning tracks, respectively. 
### 28.Development of a hand pose recognition system on an embedded computer using CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11100.pdf)
>  Demand of hand pose recognition systems are growing in the last years in technologies like human-machine interfaces. This work suggests an approach for hand pose recognition in embedded computers using hand tracking and CNNs. Results show a fast time response with an accuracy of 94.50% and low power consumption. 
### 29.Evading Real-Time Person Detectors by Adversarial T-shirt  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11099.pdf)
>  It is known that deep neural networks (DNNs) could be vulnerable to adversarial attacks. The so-called physical adversarial examples deceive DNN-based decision makers by attaching adversarial patches to real objects. However, most of the existing works on physical adversarial attacks focus on static objects such as glass frame, stop sign and image attached to a cardboard. In this work, we proposed adversarial T-shirt, a robust physical adversarial example for evading person detectors even if it suffers from deformation due toa moving person's pose change. To the best of our knowledge, the effect of deformation is first modeled for designing physical adversarial examples with respect to non-rigid objects such as T-shirts. We show that the proposed method achieves 79% and 63% attack success rates in digital and physical worlds respectively against YOLOv2. In contrast, the state-of-the-art physical attack method to fool a person detector only achieves 27% attack success rate. Furthermore, by leveraging min-max optimization, we extend our method to the ensemble attack setting against object detectors YOLOv2 and Faster R-CNN simultaneously. 
### 30.Deep Learning for Whole Slide Image Analysis: An Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11097.pdf)
>  The widespread adoption of whole slide imaging has increased the demand for effective and efficient gigapixel image analysis. Deep learning is at the forefront of computer vision, showcasing significant improvements over previous methodologies on visual understanding. However, whole slide images have billions of pixels and suffer from high morphological heterogeneity as well as from different types of artefacts. Collectively, these impede the conventional use of deep learning. For the clinical translation of deep learning solutions to become a reality, these challenges need to be addressed. In this paper, we review work on the interdisciplinary attempt of training deep neural networks using whole slide images, and highlight the different ideas underlying these methodologies. 
### 31.An application of a deep learning algorithm for automatic detection of unexpected accidents under bad CCTV monitoring conditions in tunnels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11094.pdf)
>  In this paper, Object Detection and Tracking System (ODTS) in combination with a well-known deep learning network, Faster Regional Convolution Neural Network (Faster R-CNN), for Object Detection and Conventional Object Tracking algorithm will be introduced and applied for automatic detection and monitoring of unexpected events on CCTVs in tunnels, which are likely to (1) Wrong-Way Driving (WWD), (2) Stop, (3) Person out of vehicle in tunnel (4) Fire. ODTS accepts a video frame in time as an input to obtain Bounding Box (BBox) results by Object Detection and compares the BBoxs of the current and previous video frames to assign a unique ID number to each moving and detected object. This system makes it possible to track a moving object in time, which is not usual to be achieved in conventional object detection frameworks. A deep learning model in ODTS was trained with a dataset of event images in tunnels to Average Precision (AP) values of 0.8479, 0.7161 and 0.9085 for target objects: Car, Person, and Fire, respectively. Then, based on trained deep learning model, the ODTS based Tunnel CCTV Accident Detection System was tested using four accident videos which including each accident. As a result, the system can detect all accidents within 10 seconds. The more important point is that the detection capacity of ODTS could be enhanced automatically without any changes in the program codes as the training dataset becomes rich. 
### 32.Scale-Equivariant Steerable Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11093.pdf)
>  The effectiveness of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) has been substantially attributed to their built-in property of translation equivariance. However, CNNs do not have embedded mechanisms to handle other types of transformations. In this work, we pay attention to scale changes, which regularly appear in various tasks due to the changing distances between the objects and the camera. First, we introduce the general theory for building scale-equivariant convolutional networks with steerable filters. We develop scale-convolution and generalize other common blocks to be scale-equivariant. We demonstrate the computational efficiency and numerical stability of the proposed method. We compare the proposed models to the previously developed methods for scale equivariance and local scale invariance. We demonstrate state-of-the-art results on MNIST-scale dataset and on STL-10 dataset in supervised learning setting. 
### 33.DeepACE: Automated Chromosome Enumeration in Metaphase Cell Images Using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11091.pdf)
>  Chromosome enumeration is an important but tedious procedure in karyotyping analysis. In this paper, to automate the enumeration process, we developed a chromosome enumeration framework, DeepACE, based on the region based object detection scheme. Firstly, the ability of region proposal network is enhanced by a newly proposed Hard Negative Anchors Sampling to extract unapparent but important information about highly confusing partial chromosomes. Next, to alleviate serious occlusion problems, we novelly introduced a weakly-supervised mechanism by adding a Template Module into classification branch to heuristically separate overlapped chromosomes. The template features are further incorporated into the NMS procedure to further improve the detection of overlapping chromosomes. In the newly collected clinical dataset, the proposed method outperform all the previous method, yielding an mAP with respect to chromosomes as 99.45, and the error rate is about 2.4%. 
### 34.Emotion Generation and Recognition: A StarGAN Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11090.pdf)
>  The main idea of this ISO is to use StarGAN (A type of GAN model) to perform training and testing on an emotion dataset resulting in a emotion recognition which can be generated by the valence arousal score of the 7 basic expressions. We have created an entirely new dataset consisting of 4K videos. This dataset consists of all the basic 7 types of emotions: Happy, Sad, Angry, Surprised, Fear, Disgust, Neutral. We have performed face detection and alignment followed by annotating basic valence arousal values to the frames/images in the dataset depending on the emotions manually. Then the existing StarGAN model is trained on our created dataset after which some manual subjects were chosen to test the efficiency of the trained StarGAN model. 
### 35.Real-World Image Datasets for Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11089.pdf)
>  Federated learning is a new machine learning paradigm which allows data parties to build machine learning models collaboratively while keeping their data secure and private. While research efforts on federated learning have been growing tremendously in the past two years, most existing works still depend on pre-existing public datasets and artificial partitions to simulate data federations due to the lack of high-quality labeled data generated from real-world edge applications. Consequently, advances on benchmark and model evaluations for federated learning have been lagging behind. In this paper, we introduce a real-world image dataset. The dataset contains more than 900 images generated from 26 street cameras and 7 object categories annotated with detailed bounding box. The data distribution is non-IID and unbalanced, reflecting the characteristic real-world federated learning scenarios. Based on this dataset, we implemented two mainstream object detection algorithms (YOLO and Faster R-CNN) and provided an extensive benchmark on model performance, efficiency, and communication in a federated learning setting. Both the dataset and algorithms are made publicly available. 
### 36.DeepPCO: End-to-End Point Cloud Odometry through Deep Parallel Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11088.pdf)
>  Odometry is of key importance for localization in the absence of a map. There is considerable work in the area of visual odometry (VO), and recent advances in deep learning have brought novel approaches to VO, which directly learn salient features from raw images. These learning-based approaches have led to more accurate and robust VO systems. However, they have not been well applied to point cloud data yet. In this work, we investigate how to exploit deep learning to estimate point cloud odometry (PCO), which may serve as a critical component in point cloud-based downstream tasks or learning-based systems. Specifically, we propose a novel end-to-end deep parallel neural network called DeepPCO, which can estimate the 6-DOF poses using consecutive point clouds. It consists of two parallel sub-networks to estimate 3-D translation and orientation respectively rather than a single neural network. We validate our approach on KITTI Visual Odometry/SLAM benchmark dataset with different baselines. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves good performance in terms of pose accuracy. 
### 37.Spatial and Colour Opponency in Anatomically Constrained Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11086.pdf)
>  Colour vision has long fascinated scientists, who have sought to understand both the physiology of the mechanics of colour vision and the psychophysics of colour perception. We consider representations of colour in anatomically constrained convolutional deep neural networks. Following ideas from neuroscience, we classify cells in early layers into groups relating to their spectral and spatial functionality. We show the emergence of single and double opponent cells in our networks and characterise how the distribution of these cells changes under the constraint of a retinal bottleneck. Our experiments not only open up a new understanding of how deep networks process spatial and colour information, but also provide new tools to help understand the black box of deep learning. The code for all experiments is avaialable at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ecs-vlc/opponency" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 38.Towards DeepSpray: Using Convolutional Neural Network to post-process Shadowgraphy Images of Liquid Atomization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11073.pdf)
>  This technical report investigates the potential of Convolutional Neural Networks to post-process images from primary atomization. Three tasks are investigated. First, the detection and segmentation of liquid droplets in degraded optical conditions. Second, the detection of overlapping ellipses and the prediction of their geometrical characteristics. This task corresponds to extrapolate the hidden contour of an ellipse with reduced visual information. Third, several features of the liquid surface during primary breakup (ligaments, bags, rims) are manually annotated on 15 experimental images. The detector is trained on this minimal database using simple data augmentation and then applied to other images from numerical simulation and from other experiment. In these three tasks, models from the literature based on Convolutional Neural Networks showed very promising results, thus demonstrating the high potential of Deep Learning to post-process liquid atomization. The next step is to embed these models into a unified framework DeepSpray. 
### 39.Self-enhancement of automatic tunnel accident detection (TAD) on CCTV by AI deep-learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11072.pdf)
>  The deep-learning-based tunnel accident detection (TAD) system (Lee 2019) has installed a system capable of monitoring 9 CCTVs at XX site in November, 2018. The initial deep-learning training was started by studying 70,914 labeled images and label data. However, sunlight, the tail light of a vehicle, and the warning light of the working vehicle were recognized as a fire, and many pedestrians were detected in the lane of the tunnel or a black elongated black object. To solve these problems, as shown in Fig. 1, the false detection data detected in the field were trained with labeled data and reapplied in the field. As a result, false detection of pedestrians and fire could be significantly reduced. 
### 40.Supervised Encoding for Discrete Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11067.pdf)
>  Classical supervised classification tasks search for a nonlinear mapping that maps each encoded feature directly to a probability mass over the labels. Such a learning framework typically lacks the intuition that encoded features from the same class tend to be similar and thus has little interpretability for the learned features. In this paper, we propose a novel supervised learning model named Supervised-Encoding Quantizer (SEQ). The SEQ applies a quantizer to cluster and classify the encoded features. We found that the quantizer provides an interpretable graph where each cluster in the graph represents a class of data samples that have a particular style. We also trained a decoder that can decode convex combinations of the encoded features from similar and different clusters and provide guidance on style transfer between sub-classes. 
### 41.Unsupervised Videographic Analysis of Rodent Behaviour  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11065.pdf)
>  Animal behaviour is complex and the amount of data in the form of video, if extracted, is copious. Manual analysis of behaviour is massively limited by two insurmountable obstacles, the complexity of the behavioural patterns and human bias. Automated visual analysis has the potential to eliminate both of these issues and also enable continuous analysis allowing a much higher bandwidth of data collection which is vital to capture complex behaviour at many different time scales. Behaviour is not confined to a finite set modules and thus we can only model it by inferring the generative distribution. In this way unpredictable, anomalous behaviour may be considered. Here we present a method of unsupervised behavioural analysis from nothing but high definition video recordings taken from a single, fixed perspective. We demonstrate that the identification of stereotyped rodent behaviour can be extracted in this way. 
### 42.Assisting human experts in the interpretation of their visual process: A case study on assessing copper surface adhesive potency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11033.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks are often though to lack interpretability due to the distributed nature of their internal representations. In contrast, humans can generally justify, in natural language, for their answer to a visual question with simple common sense reasoning. However, human introspection abilities have their own limits as one often struggles to justify for the recognition process behind our lowest level feature recognition ability: for instance, it is difficult to precisely explain why a given texture seems more characteristic of the surface of a finger nail rather than a plastic bottle. In this paper, we showcase an application in which deep learning models can actually help human experts justify for their own low-level visual recognition process: We study the problem of assessing the adhesive potency of copper sheets from microscopic pictures of their surface. Although highly trained material experts are able to qualitatively assess the surface adhesive potency, they are often unable to precisely justify for their decision process. We present a model that, under careful design considerations, is able to provide visual clues for human experts to understand and justify for their own recognition process. Not only can our model assist human experts in their interpretation of the surface characteristics, we show how this model can be used to test different hypothesis of the copper surface response to different manufacturing processes. 
### 43.Spatiotemporal Tile-based Attention-guided LSTMs for Traffic Video Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11030.pdf)
>  This extended abstract describes our solution for the Traffic4Cast Challenge 2019. The key problem we addressed is to properly model both low-level (pixel based) and high-level spatial information while still preserve the temporal relations among the frames. Our approach is inspired by the recent adoption of convolutional features into a recurrent neural networks such as LSTM to jointly capture the spatio-temporal dependency. While this approach has been proven to surpass the traditional stacked CNNs (using 2D or 3D kernels) in action recognition, we observe suboptimal performance in traffic prediction setting. Therefore, we apply a number of adaptations in the frame encoder-decoder layers and in sampling procedure to better capture the high-resolution trajectories, and to increase the training efficiency. 
### 44.Multi-label Co-regularization for Semi-supervised Facial Action Unit Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11012.pdf)
>  Facial action units (AUs) recognition is essential for emotion analysis and has been widely applied in mental state analysis. Existing work on AU recognition usually requires big face dataset with AU labels; however, manual AU annotation requires expertise and can be time-consuming. In this work, we propose a semi-supervised approach for AU recognition utilizing a large number of web face images without AU labels and a relatively small face dataset with AU annotations inspired by the co-training methods. Unlike traditional co-training methods that require provided multi-view features and model re-training, we propose a novel co-training method, namely multi-label co-regularization, for semi-supervised facial AU recognition. Two deep neural networks are utilized to generate multi-view features for both labeled and unlabeled face images, and a multi-view loss is designed to enforce the two feature generators to get conditional independent representations. In order to constrain the prediction consistency of the two views, we further propose a multi-label co-regularization loss by minimizing the distance of the predicted AU probability distributions of two views. In addition, prior knowledge of the relationship between individual AUs is embedded through a graph convolutional network (GCN) for exploiting useful information from the big unlabeled dataset. Experiments on several benchmarks show that the proposed approach can effectively leverage large datasets of face images without AU labels to improve the AU recognition accuracy and outperform the state-of-the-art semi-supervised AU recognition methods. 
### 45.ProLFA: Representative Prototype Selection for Local Feature Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11010.pdf)
>  Given a set of hand-crafted local features, acquiring a global representation via aggregation is a promising technique to boost computational efficiency and improve task performance. Existing feature aggregation (FA) approaches, including Bag of Words and Fisher Vectors, usually fail to capture the desired information due to their pipeline mode. In this paper, we propose a generic formulation to provide a systematical solution (named ProLFA) to aggregate local descriptors. It is capable of producing compact yet interpretable representations by selecting representative prototypes from numerous descriptors, under relaxed exclusivity constraint. Meanwhile, to strengthen the discriminability of the aggregated representation, we rationally enforce the domain-invariant projection of bundled descriptors along a task-specific direction. Furthermore, ProLFA is also provided with a powerful generalization ability to deal flexibly with the semi-supervised and fully supervised scenarios in local feature aggregation. Experimental results on various descriptors and tasks demonstrate that the proposed ProLFA is considerably superior over currently available alternatives about feature aggregation. 
### 46.A Graph-Based Framework to Bridge Movies and Synopses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11009.pdf)
>  Inspired by the remarkable advances in video analytics, research teams are stepping towards a greater ambition -- movie understanding. However, compared to those activity videos in conventional datasets, movies are significantly different. Generally, movies are much longer and consist of much richer temporal structures. More importantly, the interactions among characters play a central role in expressing the underlying story. To facilitate the efforts along this direction, we construct a dataset called Movie Synopses Associations (MSA) over 327 movies, which provides a synopsis for each movie, together with annotated associations between synopsis paragraphs and movie segments. On top of this dataset, we develop a framework to perform matching between movie segments and synopsis paragraphs. This framework integrates different aspects of a movie, including event dynamics and character interactions, and allows them to be matched with parsed paragraphs, based on a graph-based formulation. Our study shows that the proposed framework remarkably improves the matching accuracy over conventional feature-based methods. It also reveals the importance of narrative structures and character interactions in movie understanding. 
### 47.Word-level Deep Sign Language Recognition from Video: A New Large-scale Dataset and Methods Comparison  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11006.pdf)
>  Vision-based sign language recognition aims at helping the hearing-impaired people to communicate with others. However, most existing sign language datasets are limited to a small number of words. Due to the limited vocabulary size, models learned from those datasets cannot be applied in practice. In this paper, we introduce a new large-scale Word-Level American Sign Language (WLASL) video dataset, containing more than 2000 words performed by over 100 signers. This dataset will be made publicly available to the research community. To our knowledge, it is by far the largest public ASL dataset to facilitate word-level sign recognition research. <br>Based on this new large-scale dataset, we are able to experiment with several deep learning methods for word-level sign recognition and evaluate their performances in large scale scenarios. Specifically we implement and compare two different models,i.e., (i) holistic visual appearance-based approach, and (ii) 2D human pose based approach. Both models are valuable baselines that will benefit the community for method benchmarking. Moreover, we also propose a novel pose-based temporal graph convolution networks (Pose-TGCN) that models spatial and temporal dependencies in human pose trajectories simultaneously, which has further boosted the performance of the pose-based method. Our results show that pose-based and appearance-based models achieve comparable performances up to 66% at top-10 accuracy on 2,000 words/glosses, demonstrating the validity and challenges of our dataset. We will make the large-scale dataset, as well as our baseline deep models, freely available online. 
### 48.Vision-Infused Deep Audio Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10997.pdf)
>  Multi-modality perception is essential to develop interactive intelligence. In this work, we consider a new task of visual information-infused audio inpainting, \ie synthesizing missing audio segments that correspond to their accompanying videos. We identify two key aspects for a successful inpainter: (1) It is desirable to operate on spectrograms instead of raw audios. Recent advances in deep semantic image inpainting could be leveraged to go beyond the limitations of traditional audio inpainting. (2) To synthesize visually indicated audio, a visual-audio joint feature space needs to be learned with synchronization of audio and video. To facilitate a large-scale study, we collect a new multi-modality instrument-playing dataset called MUSIC-Extra-Solo (MUSICES) by enriching MUSIC dataset. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our framework is capable of inpainting realistic and varying audio segments with or without visual contexts. More importantly, our synthesized audio segments are coherent with their video counterparts, showing the effectiveness of our proposed Vision-Infused Audio Inpainter (VIAI). Code, models, dataset and video results are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://hangz-nju-cuhk.github.io/projects/AudioInpainting" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 49.ATZSL: Defensive Zero-Shot Recognition in the Presence of Adversaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10994.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) has received extensive attention recently especially in areas of fine-grained object recognition, retrieval, and image captioning. Due to the complete lack of training samples and high requirement of defense transferability, the ZSL model learned is particularly vulnerable against adversarial attacks. Recent work also showed adversarially robust generalization requires more data. This may significantly affect the robustness of ZSL. However, very few efforts have been devoted towards this direction. In this paper, we take an initial attempt, and propose a generic formulation to provide a systematical solution (named ATZSL) for learning a robust ZSL model. It is capable of achieving better generalization on various adversarial objects recognition while only losing a negligible performance on clean images for unseen classes, by casting ZSL into a min-max optimization problem. To address it, we design a defensive relation prediction network, which can bridge the seen and unseen class domains via attributes to generalize prediction and defense strategy. Additionally, our framework can be extended to deal with the poisoned scenario of unseen class attributes. An extensive group of experiments are then presented, demonstrating that ATZSL obtains remarkably more favorable trade-off between model transferability and robustness, over currently available alternatives under various settings. 
### 50.ROBO: Robust, Fully Neural Object Detection for Robot Soccer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10949.pdf)
>  Deep Learning has become exceptionally popular in the last few years due to its success in computer vision and other fields of AI. However, deep neural networks are computationally expensive, which limits their application in low power embedded systems, such as mobile robots. In this paper, an efficient neural network architecture is proposed for the problem of detecting relevant objects in robot soccer environments. The ROBO model's increase in efficiency is achieved by exploiting the peculiarities of the environment. Compared to the state-of-the-art Tiny YOLO model, the proposed network provides approximately 35 times decrease in run time, while achieving superior average precision, although at the cost of slightly worse localization accuracy. 
### 51.Soft Prototyping Camera Designs for Car Detection Based on a Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10916.pdf)
>  Imaging systems are increasingly used as input to convolutional neural networks (CNN) for object detection; we would like to design cameras that are optimized for this purpose. It is impractical to build different cameras and then acquire and label the necessary data for every potential camera design; creating software simulations of the camera in context (soft prototyping) is the only realistic approach. We implemented soft-prototyping tools that can quantitatively simulate image radiance and camera designs to create realistic images that are input to a convolutional neural network for car detection. We used these methods to quantify the effect that critical hardware components (pixel size), sensor control (exposure algorithms) and image processing (gamma and demosaicing algorithms) have upon average precision of car detection. We quantify (a) the relationship between pixel size and the ability to detect cars at different distances, (b) the penalty for choosing a poor exposure duration, and (c) the ability of the CNN to perform car detection for a variety of post-acquisition processing algorithms. These results show that the optimal choices for car detection are not constrained by the same metrics used for image quality in consumer photography. It is better to evaluate camera designs for CNN applications using soft prototyping with task-specific metrics rather than consumer photography metrics. 
### 52.Unknown Identity Rejection Loss: Utilizing Unlabeled Data for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10896.pdf)
>  Face recognition has advanced considerably with the availability of large-scale labeled datasets. However, how to further improve the performance with the easily accessible unlabeled dataset remains a challenge. In this paper, we propose the novel Unknown Identity Rejection (UIR) loss to utilize the unlabeled data. We categorize identities in unconstrained environment into the known set and the unknown set. The former corresponds to the identities that appear in the labeled training dataset while the latter is its complementary set. Besides training the model to accurately classify the known identities, we also force the model to reject unknown identities provided by the unlabeled dataset via our proposed UIR loss. In order to 'reject' faces of unknown identities, centers of the known identities are forced to keep enough margin from centers of unknown identities which are assumed to be approximated by the features of their samples. By this means, the discriminativeness of the face representations can be enhanced. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach can provide obvious performance improvement by utilizing the unlabeled data. 
### 53.Anchor Diffusion for Unsupervised Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10895.pdf)
>  Unsupervised video object segmentation has often been tackled by methods based on recurrent neural networks and optical flow. Despite their complexity, these kinds of approaches tend to favour short-term temporal dependencies and are thus prone to accumulating inaccuracies, which cause drift over time. Moreover, simple (static) image segmentation models, alone, can perform competitively against these methods, which further suggests that the way temporal dependencies are modelled should be reconsidered. Motivated by these observations, in this paper we explore simple yet effective strategies to model long-term temporal dependencies. Inspired by the non-local operators of [70], we introduce a technique to establish dense correspondences between pixel embeddings of a reference "anchor" frame and the current one. This allows the learning of pairwise dependencies at arbitrarily long distances without conditioning on intermediate frames. Without online supervision, our approach can suppress the background and precisely segment the foreground object even in challenging scenarios, while maintaining consistent performance over time. With a mean IoU of $81.7\%$, our method ranks first on the DAVIS-2016 leaderboard of unsupervised methods, while still being competitive against state-of-the-art online semi-supervised approaches. We further evaluate our method on the FBMS dataset and the ViSal video saliency dataset, showing results competitive with the state of the art. 
### 54.Fast and Differentiable Message Passing for Stereo Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10892.pdf)
>  Despite the availability of many Markov Random Field (MRF) optimization algorithms, their widespread usage is currently limited due to imperfect MRF modelling arising from hand-crafted model parameters. In addition to differentiability, the two main aspects that enable learning these model parameters are the forward and backward propagation time of the MRF optimization algorithm and its parallelization capabilities. In this work, we introduce two fast and differentiable message passing algorithms, namely, Iterative Semi-Global Matching Revised (ISGMR) and Parallel Tree-Reweighted Message Passing (TRWP) which are greatly sped up on GPU by exploiting massive parallelism. Specifically, ISGMR is an iterative and revised version of the standard SGM for general second-order MRFs with improved optimization effectiveness, whereas TRWP is a highly parallelizable version of Sequential TRW (TRWS) for faster optimization. Our experiments on standard stereo benchmarks demonstrate that ISGMR achieves much lower energies than SGM and TRWP is two orders of magnitude faster than TRWS without losing effectiveness in optimization. Furthermore, our CUDA implementations are at least 7 and 650 times faster than PyTorch GPU implementations in the forward and backward propagation, respectively, enabling efficient end-to-end learning with message passing. 
### 55.Aggregation Signature for Small Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10859.pdf)
>  Small object tracking becomes an increasingly important task, which however has been largely unexplored in computer vision. The great challenges stem from the facts that: 1) small objects show extreme vague and variable appearances, and 2) they tend to be lost easier as compared to normal-sized ones due to the shaking of lens. In this paper, we propose a novel aggregation signature suitable for small object tracking, especially aiming for the challenge of sudden and large drift. We make three-fold contributions in this work. First, technically, we propose a new descriptor, named aggregation signature, based on saliency, able to represent highly distinctive features for small objects. Second, theoretically, we prove that the proposed signature matches the foreground object more accurately with a high probability. Third, experimentally, the aggregation signature achieves a high performance on multiple datasets, outperforming the state-of-the-art methods by large margins. Moreover, we contribute with two newly collected benchmark datasets, i.e., small90 and small112, for visually small object tracking. The datasets will be available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bczhangbczhang/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 56.Circulant Binary Convolutional Networks: Enhancing the Performance of 1-bit DCNNs with Circulant Back Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10853.pdf)
>  The rapidly decreasing computation and memory cost has recently driven the success of many applications in the field of deep learning. Practical applications of deep learning in resource-limited hardware, such as embedded devices and smart phones, however, remain challenging. For binary convolutional networks, the reason lies in the degraded representation caused by binarizing full-precision filters. To address this problem, we propose new circulant filters (CiFs) and a circulant binary convolution (CBConv) to enhance the capacity of binarized convolutional features via our circulant back propagation (CBP). The CiFs can be easily incorporated into existing deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs), which leads to new Circulant Binary Convolutional Networks (CBCNs). Extensive experiments confirm that the performance gap between the 1-bit and full-precision DCNNs is minimized by increasing the filter diversity, which further increases the representational ability in our networks. Our experiments on ImageNet show that CBCNs achieve 61.4% top-1 accuracy with ResNet18. Compared to the state-of-the-art such as XNOR, CBCNs can achieve up to 10% higher top-1 accuracy with more powerful representational ability. 
### 57.Weakly-Supervised Degree of Eye-Closeness Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10845.pdf)
>  Following recent technological advances there is a growing interest in building non-intrusive methods that help us communicate with computing devices. In this regard, accurate information from eye is a promising input medium between a user and computing devices. In this paper we propose a method that captures the degree of eye closeness. Although many methods exist for detection of eyelid openness, they are inherently unable to satisfactorily perform in real world applications. Detailed eye state estimation is more important, in extracting meaningful information, than estimating whether eyes are open or closed. However, learning reliable eye state estimator requires accurate annotations which is cost prohibitive. In this work, we leverage synthetic face images which can be generated via computer graphics rendering techniques and automatically annotated with different levels of eye openness. These synthesized training data images, however, have a domain shift from real-world data. To alleviate this issue, we propose a weakly-supervised method which utilizes the accurate annotation from the synthetic data set, to learn accurate degree of eye openness, and the weakly labeled (open or closed) real world eye data set to control the domain shift. We introduce a data set of 1.3M synthetic face images with detail eye openness and eye gaze information, and 21k real-world images with open/closed annotation. The dataset will be released online upon acceptance. Extensive experiments validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. 
### 58.Semi-Supervised Histology Classification using Deep Multiple Instance Learning and Contrastive Predictive Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10825.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks can be trained to perform histology slide classification using weak annotations with multiple instance learning (MIL). However, given the paucity of labeled histology data, direct application of MIL can easily suffer from overfitting and the network is unable to learn rich feature representations due to the weak supervisory signal. We propose to overcome such limitations with a two-stage semi-supervised approach that combines the power of data-efficient self-supervised feature learning via contrastive predictive coding (CPC) and the interpretability and flexibility of regularized attention-based MIL. We apply our two-stage CPC + MIL semi-supervised pipeline to the binary classification of breast cancer histology images. Across five random splits, we report state-of-the-art performance with a mean validation accuracy of 95\% and an area under the ROC curve of 0.968. We further evaluate the quality of features learned via CPC relative to simple transfer learning and show that strong classification performance using CPC features can be efficiently leveraged under the MIL framework even with the feature encoder frozen. 
### 59.6-PACK: Category-level 6D Pose Tracker with Anchor-Based Keypoints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10750.pdf)
>  We present 6-PACK, a deep learning approach to category-level 6D object pose tracking on RGB-D data. Our method tracks in real-time novel object instances of known object categories such as bowls, laptops, and mugs. 6-PACK learns to compactly represent an object by a handful of 3D keypoints, based on which the interframe motion of an object instance can be estimated through keypoint matching. These keypoints are learned end-to-end without manual supervision in order to be most effective for tracking. Our experiments show that our method substantially outperforms existing methods on the NOCS category-level 6D pose estimation benchmark and supports a physical robot to perform simple vision-based closed-loop manipulation tasks. Our code and video are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/6packtracking" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 60.KnowIT VQA: Answering Knowledge-Based Questions about Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10706.pdf)
>  We propose a novel video understanding task by fusing knowledge-based and video question answering. First, we introduce KnowIT VQA, a video dataset with 24,282 human-generated question-answer pairs about a popular sitcom. The dataset combines visual, textual and temporal coherence reasoning together with knowledge-based questions, which need of the experience obtained from the viewing of the series to be answered. Second, we propose a video understanding model by combining the visual and textual video content with specific knowledge about the show. Our main findings are: (i) the incorporation of knowledge produces outstanding improvements for VQA in video, and (ii) the performance on KnowIT VQA still lags well behind human accuracy, indicating its usefulness for studying current video modelling limitations. 
### 61.Cross-Lingual Vision-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11301.pdf)
>  Vision-Language Navigation (VLN) is the task where an agent is commanded to navigate in photo-realistic environments with natural language instructions. Previous research on VLN is primarily conducted on the Room-to-Room (R2R) dataset with only English instructions. The ultimate goal of VLN, however, is to serve people speaking arbitrary languages. To do this, we collect a cross-lingual R2R dataset, extending the original benchmark with corresponding Chinese instructions. But it is impractical to collect human-annotated instructions for every existing language. Based on the newly introduced dataset, we propose a general cross-lingual VLN framework to enable instruction-following navigation for different languages. We first explore the possibility of building a cross-lingual agent when no training data of the target language is available. The cross-lingual agent is equipped with a meta-learner to aggregate cross-lingual representations and with a visually grounded cross-lingual alignment module to align textual representations of different languages. Under the zero-shot learning scenario, our model shows competitive results even compared to a model trained with all target language instructions. Besides, we introduce an adversarial domain adaption loss to improve the transferring ability of our model when given a certain amount of target language data. Our dataset and methods demonstrate potentials of building scalable cross-lingual agents to serve speakers with different languages. 
### 62.Learning-based real-time method to looking through scattering medium oriented to practical application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11272.pdf)
>  Strong scattering media brings great difficulties to optical imaging, which is also a problem that medical imaging and many other fields must face. Optical memory effect makes it possible to image through strong scattering medium. However, this method also has the limitation of limited angle field-of-view (FOV), which prevents it from being applied in practice. In this paper, a kind of practical convolutional neural network called PDSNet is proposed, which effectively breaks through the limitation of optical memory effect on image field angle. Experiments is conducted to prove that the scattered pattern can be reconstructed quickly and accurately by PDSNet, and it is widely applicable to restoring speckle pattern generated from objects of different scales and scattering medias with different statistical characteristics. 
### 63.Data hiding in complex-amplitude modulation using a digital micromirror device  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11222.pdf)
>  A digital micromirror device (DMD) is an amplitude-type spatial light modulator. However, a complex-amplitude light modulation with a DMD can be achieved using the superpixel scheme. In the superpixel scheme, we notice that multiple different DMD local block patterns may correspond to the same complex superpixel value. Based on this inherent encoding redundancy, a large amount of external data can be embedded into the DMD pattern without extra cost. Meanwhile, the original complex light field information carried by the DMD pattern is fully preserved. This proposed scheme is favorable for applications such as secure information transmission and copyright protection. 
### 64.RoboNet: Large-Scale Multi-Robot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11215.pdf)
>  Robot learning has emerged as a promising tool for taming the complexity and diversity of the real world. Methods based on high-capacity models, such as deep networks, hold the promise of providing effective generalization to a wide range of open-world environments. However, these same methods typically require large amounts of diverse training data to generalize effectively. In contrast, most robotic learning experiments are small-scale, single-domain, and single-robot. This leads to a frequent tension in robotic learning: how can we learn generalizable robotic controllers without having to collect impractically large amounts of data for each separate experiment? In this paper, we propose RoboNet, an open database for sharing robotic experience, which provides an initial pool of 15 million video frames, from 7 different robot platforms, and study how it can be used to learn generalizable models for vision-based robotic manipulation. We combine the dataset with two different learning algorithms: visual foresight, which uses forward video prediction models, and supervised inverse models. Our experiments test the learned algorithms' ability to work across new objects, new tasks, new scenes, new camera viewpoints, new grippers, or even entirely new robots. In our final experiment, we find that by pre-training on RoboNet and fine-tuning on data from a held-out Franka or Kuka robot, we can exceed the performance of a robot-specific training approach that uses 4x-20x more data. For videos and data, see the project webpage: https://www.robonet.wiki/ 
### 65.A blind Robust Image Watermarking Approach exploiting the DFT Magnitude  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11185.pdf)
>  Due to the current progress in Internet, digital contents (video, audio and images) are widely used. Distribution of multimedia contents is now faster and it allows for easy unauthorized reproduction of information. Digital watermarking came up while trying to solve this problem. Its main idea is to embed a watermark into a host digital content without affecting its quality. Moreover, watermarking can be used in several applications such as authentication, copy control, indexation, Copyright protection, etc. In this paper, we propose a blind robust image watermarking approach as a solution to the problem of copyright protection of digital images. The underlying concept of our method is to apply a discrete cosine transform (DCT) to the magnitude resulting from a discrete Fourier transform (DFT) applied to the original image. Then, the watermark is embedded by modifying the coefficients of the DCT using a secret key to increase security. Experimental results show the robustness of the proposed technique to a wide range of common attacks, e.g., Low-Pass Gaussian Filtering, JPEG compression, Gaussian noise, salt &amp; pepper noise, Gaussian Smoothing and Histogram equalization. The proposed method achieves a Peak signal-to-noise-ration (PSNR) value greater than 66 (dB) and ensures a perfect watermark extraction. 
### 66.Learning Priors in High-frequency Domain for Inverse Imaging Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11148.pdf)
>  Ill-posed inverse problems in imaging remain an active research topic in several decades, with new approaches constantly emerging. Recognizing that the popular dictionary learning and convolutional sparse coding are both essentially modeling the high-frequency component of an image, which convey most of the semantic information such as texture details, in this work we propose a novel multi-profile high-frequency transform-guided denoising autoencoder as prior (HF-DAEP). To achieve this goal, we first extract a set of multi-profile high-frequency components via a specific transformation and add the artificial Gaussian noise to these high-frequency components as training samples. Then, as the high-frequency prior information is learned, we incorporate it into classical iterative reconstruction process by proximal gradient descent technique. Preliminary results on highly under-sampled magnetic resonance imaging and sparse-view computed tomography reconstruction demonstrate that the proposed method can efficiently reconstruct feature details and present advantages over state-of-the-arts. 
### 67.A Maximum Likelihood Approach to Extract Finite Planes from 3-D Laser Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11146.pdf)
>  Whether it is object detection, model reconstruction, laser odometry, or point cloud registration: Plane extraction is a vital component of many robotic systems. In this paper, we propose a strictly probabilistic method to detect finite planes in organized 3-D laser range scans. An agglomerative hierarchical clustering technique, our algorithm builds planes from bottom up, always extending a plane by the point that decreases the measurement likelihood of the scan the least. In contrast to most related methods, which rely on heuristics like orthogonal point-to-plane distance, we leverage the ray path information to compute the measurement likelihood. We evaluate our approach not only on the popular SegComp benchmark, but also provide a challenging synthetic dataset that overcomes SegComp's deficiencies. Both our implementation and the suggested dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.github.com/acschaefer/ppe" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 68.Depth Camera Based Particle Filter for Robotic Osteotomy Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11116.pdf)
>  Active surgical robots lack acceptance in clinical practice, because they do not offer the flexibility and usability required for a versatile usage: the systems require a large installation space or a complicated registration step, where the preoperative plan is aligned to the patient and transformed to the base frame of the robot. In this paper, a navigation system for robotic osteotomies is designed, which uses the raw depth images from a camera mounted on the flange of a lightweight robot arm. Consequently, the system does not require any rigid attachment of the robot or fiducials to the bone and the time-consuming registration step is eliminated. Instead, only a coarse initialization is required which improves the usability in surgery. The full six dimensional pose of the iliac crest bone is estimated with a particle filter at a maximum rate of 90 Hz. The presented method is robust against changing lighting conditions, blood or tissue on the bone surface and partial occlusions caused by the surgeons. Proof of the usability in a clinical environment is successfully provided in a corpse study, where surgeons used an augmented reality osteotomy template, which was aligned to bone via the particle filters pose estimates for the resection of transplants from the iliac crest. 
### 69.Convex Optimisation for Inverse Kinematics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.11016.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of inverse kinematics (IK), where one wants to find the parameters of a given kinematic skeleton that best explain a set of observed 3D joint locations. The kinematic skeleton has a tree structure, where each node is a joint that has an associated geometric transformation that is propagated to all its child nodes. The IK problem has various applications in vision and graphics, for example for tracking or reconstructing articulated objects, such as human hands or bodies. Most commonly, the IK problem is tackled using local optimisation methods. A major downside of these approaches is that, due to the non-convex nature of the problem, such methods are prone to converge to unwanted local optima and therefore require a good initialisation. In this paper we propose a convex optimisation approach for the IK problem based on semidefinite programming, which admits a polynomial-time algorithm that globally solves (a relaxation of) the IK problem. Experimentally, we demonstrate that the proposed method significantly outperforms local optimisation methods using different real-world skeletons. 
### 70.Adversarial Feature Alignment: Avoid Catastrophic Forgetting in Incremental Task Lifelong Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10986.pdf)
>  Human beings are able to master a variety of knowledge and skills with ongoing learning. By contrast, dramatic performance degradation is observed when new tasks are added to an existing neural network model. This phenomenon, termed as \emph{Catastrophic Forgetting}, is one of the major roadblocks that prevent deep neural networks from achieving human-level artificial intelligence. Several research efforts, e.g. \emph{Lifelong} or \emph{Continual} learning algorithms, have been proposed to tackle this problem. However, they either suffer from an accumulating drop in performance as the task sequence grows longer, or require to store an excessive amount of model parameters for historical memory, or cannot obtain competitive performance on the new tasks. In this paper, we focus on the incremental multi-task image classification scenario. Inspired by the learning process of human students, where they usually decompose complex tasks into easier goals, we propose an adversarial feature alignment method to avoid catastrophic forgetting. In our design, both the low-level visual features and high-level semantic features serve as soft targets and guide the training process in multiple stages, which provide sufficient supervised information of the old tasks and help to reduce forgetting. Due to the knowledge distillation and regularization phenomenons, the proposed method gains even better performance than finetuning on the new tasks, which makes it stand out from other methods. Extensive experiments in several typical lifelong learning scenarios demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in both accuracies on new tasks and performance preservation on old tasks. 
### 71.Knowledge Transfer between Datasets for Learning-based Tissue Microstructure Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10930.pdf)
>  Learning-based approaches, especially those based on deep networks, have enabled high-quality estimation of tissue microstructure from low-quality diffusion magnetic resonance imaging (dMRI) scans, which are acquired with a limited number of diffusion gradients and a relatively poor spatial resolution. These learning-based approaches to tissue microstructure estimation require acquisitions of training dMRI scans with high-quality diffusion signals, which are densely sampled in the q-space and have a high spatial resolution. However, the acquisition of training scans may not be available for all datasets. Therefore, we explore knowledge transfer between different dMRI datasets so that learning-based tissue microstructure estimation can be applied for datasets where training scans are not acquired. Specifically, for a target dataset of interest, where only low-quality diffusion signals are acquired without training scans, we exploit the information in a source dMRI dataset acquired with high-quality diffusion signals. We interpolate the diffusion signals in the source dataset in the q-space using a dictionary-based signal representation, so that the interpolated signals match the acquisition scheme of the target dataset. Then, the interpolated signals are used together with the high-quality tissue microstructure computed from the source dataset to train deep networks that perform tissue microstructure estimation for the target dataset. Experiments were performed on brain dMRI scans with low-quality diffusion signals, where the benefit of the proposed strategy is demonstrated. 
### 72.Wasserstein total variation filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10822.pdf)
>  In this paper, we expand upon the theory of trend filtering by introducing the use of the Wasserstein metric as a means to control the amount of spatiotemporal variation in filtered time series data. While trend filtering utilizes regularization to produce signal estimates that are piecewise linear, in the case of $\ell_1$ regularization, or temporally smooth, in the case of $\ell_2$ regularization, it ignores the topology of the spatial distribution of signal. By incorporating the information about the underlying metric space of the pixel layout, the Wasserstein metric is an attractive choice as a regularizer to undercover spatiotemporal trends in time series data. We introduce a globally optimal algorithm for efficiently estimating the filtered signal under a Wasserstein finite differences operator. The efficacy of the proposed algorithm in preserving spatiotemporal trends in time series video is demonstrated in both simulated and fluorescent microscopy videos of the nematode caenorhabditis elegans and compared against standard trend filtering algorithms. 
### 73.Low Shot Learning with Untrained Neural Networks for Imaging Inverse Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10797.pdf)
>  Employing deep neural networks as natural image priors to solve inverse problems either requires large amounts of data to sufficiently train expressive generative models or can succeed with no data via untrained neural networks. However, very few works have considered how to interpolate between these no- to high-data regimes. In particular, how can one use the availability of a small amount of data (even $5-25$ examples) to one's advantage in solving these inverse problems and can a system's performance increase as the amount of data increases as well? In this work, we consider solving linear inverse problems when given a small number of examples of images that are drawn from the same distribution as the image of interest. Comparing to untrained neural networks that use no data, we show how one can pre-train a neural network with a few given examples to improve reconstruction results in compressed sensing and semantic image recovery problems such as colorization. Our approach leads to improved reconstruction as the amount of available data increases and is on par with fully trained generative models, while requiring less than $1 \%$ of the data needed to train a generative model. 
### 74.We Know Where We Don't Know: 3D Bayesian CNNs for Uncertainty Quantification of Binary Segmentations for Material Simulations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.10793.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been applied with great success to the segmentation of 3D X-Ray Computed Tomography (CT) scans. Establishing the credibility of these segmentations requires uncertainty quantification (UQ) to identify problem areas. Recent UQ architectures include Monte Carlo dropout networks (MCDNs), which approximate Bayesian inference in deep Gaussian processes, and Bayesian neural networks (BNNs), which use variational inference to learn the posterior distribution of the neural network weights. BNNs hold several advantages over MCDNs for UQ, but due to the difficulty of training BNNs, they have not, to our knowledge, been successfully applied to 3D domains. In light of several recent developments in the implementation of BNNs, we present a novel 3D Bayesian convolutional neural network (BCNN) that provides accurate binary segmentations and uncertainty maps for 3D volumes. We present experimental results on CT scans of lithium-ion battery electrode materials and laser-welded metals to demonstrate that our BCNN provides improved UQ as compared to an MCDN while achieving equal or better segmentation accuracy. In particular, the uncertainty maps generated by our BCNN capture continuity and visual gradients, making them interpretable as confidence intervals for segmentation usable in subsequent simulations. 
