# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 8 May 2020
### 1.Seismic Shot Gather Noise Localization Using a Multi-Scale Feature-Fusion-Based Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03626.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based models, such as convolutional neural networks, have advanced various segments of computer vision. However, this technology is rarely applied to seismic shot gather noise localization problem. This letter presents an investigation on the effectiveness of a multi-scale feature-fusion-based network for seismic shot-gather noise localization. Herein, we describe the following: (1) the construction of a real-world dataset of seismic noise localization based on 6,500 seismograms; (2) a multi-scale feature-fusion-based detector that uses the MobileNet combined with the Feature Pyramid Net as the backbone; and (3) the Single Shot multi-box detector for box classification/regression. Additionally, we propose the use of the Focal Loss function that improves the detector's prediction accuracy. The proposed detector achieves an AP@0.5 of 78.67\% in our empirical evaluation.      
### 2.Enhancing Geometric Factors in Model Learning and Inference for Object Detection and Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03572.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based object detection and instance segmentation have achieved unprecedented progress. In this paper, we propose Complete-IoU (CIoU) loss and Cluster-NMS for enhancing geometric factors in both bounding box regression and Non-Maximum Suppression (NMS), leading to notable gains of average precision (AP) and average recall (AR), without the sacrifice of inference efficiency. In particular, we consider three geometric factors, i.e., overlap area, normalized central point distance and aspect ratio, which are crucial for measuring bounding box regression in object detection and instance segmentation. The three geometric factors are then incorporated into CIoU loss for better distinguishing difficult regression cases. The training of deep models using CIoU loss results in consistent AP and AR improvements in comparison to widely adopted $\ell_n$-norm loss and IoU-based loss. Furthermore, we propose Cluster-NMS, where NMS during inference is done by implicitly clustering detected boxes and usually requires less iterations. Cluster-NMS is very efficient due to its pure GPU implementation, and geometric factors can be incorporated to improve both AP and AR. In the experiments, CIoU loss and Cluster-NMS have been applied to state-of-the-art instance segmentation (e.g., YOLACT), and object detection (e.g., YOLO v3, SSD and Faster R-CNN) models. Taking YOLACT on MS COCO as an example, our method achieves performance gains as +1.7 AP and +6.2 AR$_{100}$ for object detection, and +0.9 AP and +3.5 AR$_{100}$ for instance segmentation, with 27.1 FPS on one NVIDIA GTX 1080Ti GPU. All the source code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zzh-tju/CIoU" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.NH-HAZE: An Image Dehazing Benchmark with Non-Homogeneous Hazy and Haze-Free Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03560.pdf)
>  Image dehazing is an ill-posed problem that has been extensively studied in the recent years. The objective performance evaluation of the dehazing methods is one of the major obstacles due to the lacking of a reference dataset. While the synthetic datasets have shown important limitations, the few realistic datasets introduced recently assume homogeneous haze over the entire scene. Since in many real cases haze is not uniformly distributed we introduce NH-HAZE, a non-homogeneous realistic dataset with pairs of real hazy and corresponding haze-free images. This is the first non-homogeneous image dehazing dataset and contains 55 outdoor scenes. The non-homogeneous haze has been introduced in the scene using a professional haze generator that imitates the real conditions of hazy scenes. Additionally, this work presents an objective assessment of several state-of-the-art single image dehazing methods that were evaluated using NH-HAZE dataset.      
### 4.Heidelberg Colorectal Data Set for Surgical Data Science in the Sensor Operating Room  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03501.pdf)
>  Image-based tracking of medical instruments is an integral part of many surgical data science applications. Previous research has addressed the tasks of detecting, segmenting and tracking medical instruments based on laparoscopic video data. However, the methods proposed still tend to fail when applied to challenging images and do not generalize well to data they have not been trained on. This paper introduces the Heidelberg Colorectal (HeiCo) data set - the first publicly available data set enabling comprehensive benchmarking of medical instrument detection and segmentation algorithms with a specific emphasis on robustness and generalization capabilities of the methods. Our data set comprises 30 laparoscopic videos and corresponding sensor data from medical devices in the operating room for three different types of laparoscopic surgery. Annotations include surgical phase labels for all frames in the videos as well as instance-wise segmentation masks for surgical instruments in more than 10,000 individual frames. The data has successfully been used to organize international competitions in the scope of the Endoscopic Vision Challenges (EndoVis) 2017 and 2019.      
### 5.Text Recognition in the Wild: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03492.pdf)
>  The history of text can be traced back over thousands of years. Rich and precise semantic information carried by text is important in a wide range of vision-based application scenarios. Therefore, text recognition in natural scenes has been an active research field in computer vision and pattern recognition. In recent years, with the rise and development of deep learning, numerous methods have shown promising in terms of innovation, practicality, and efficiency. This paper aims to (1) summarize the fundamental problems and the state-of-the-art associated with scene text recognition; (2) introduce new insights and ideas; (3) provide a comprehensive review of publicly available resources; (4) point out directions for future work. In summary, this literature review attempts to present the entire picture of the field of scene text recognition. It provides a comprehensive reference for people entering this field, and could be helpful to inspire future research. Related resources are available at our Github repository: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HCIILAB/Scene-Text-Recognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.NTIRE 2020 Challenge on NonHomogeneous Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03457.pdf)
>  This paper reviews the NTIRE 2020 Challenge on NonHomogeneous Dehazing of images (restoration of rich details in hazy image). We focus on the proposed solutions and their results evaluated on NH-Haze, a novel dataset consisting of 55 pairs of real haze free and nonhomogeneous hazy images recorded outdoor. NH-Haze is the first realistic nonhomogeneous haze dataset that provides ground truth images. The nonhomogeneous haze has been produced using a professional haze generator that imitates the real conditions of haze scenes. 168 participants registered in the challenge and 27 teams competed in the final testing phase. The proposed solutions gauge the state-of-the-art in image dehazing.      
### 7.Kunster -- AR Art Video Maker -- Real time video neural style transfer on mobile devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03415.pdf)
>  Neural style transfer is a well-known branch of deep learning research, with many interesting works and two major drawbacks. Most of the works in the field are hard to use by non-expert users and substantial hardware resources are required. In this work, we present a solution to both of these problems. We have applied neural style transfer to real-time video (over 25 frames per second), which is capable of running on mobile devices. We also investigate the works on achieving temporal coherence and present the idea of fine-tuning, already trained models, to achieve stable video. What is more, we also analyze the impact of the common deep neural network architecture on the performance of mobile devices with regard to number of layers and filters present. In the experiment section we present the results of our work with respect to the iOS devices and discuss the problems present in current Android devices as well as future possibilities. At the end we present the qualitative results of stylization and quantitative results of performance tested on the iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 6s. The presented work is incorporated in Kunster - AR Art Video Maker application available in the Apple's App Store.      
### 8.Semantic Signatures for Large-scale Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03388.pdf)
>  Visual localization is a useful alternative to standard localization techniques. It works by utilizing cameras. In a typical scenario, features are extracted from captured images and compared with geo-referenced databases. Location information is then inferred from the matching results. Conventional schemes mainly use low-level visual features. These approaches offer good accuracy but suffer from scalability issues. In order to assist localization in large urban areas, this work explores a different path by utilizing high-level semantic information. It is found that object information in a street view can facilitate localization. A novel descriptor scheme called "semantic signature" is proposed to summarize this information. A semantic signature consists of type and angle information of visible objects at a spatial location. Several metrics and protocols are proposed for signature comparison and retrieval. They illustrate different trade-offs between accuracy and complexity. Extensive simulation results confirm the potential of the proposed scheme in large-scale applications. This paper is an extended version of a conference paper in CBMI'18. A more efficient retrieval protocol is presented with additional experiment results.      
### 9.Self-Supervised Human Depth Estimation from Monocular Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03358.pdf)
>  Previous methods on estimating detailed human depth often require supervised training with `ground truth' depth data. This paper presents a self-supervised method that can be trained on YouTube videos without known depth, which makes training data collection simple and improves the generalization of the learned network. The self-supervised learning is achieved by minimizing a photo-consistency loss, which is evaluated between a video frame and its neighboring frames warped according to the estimated depth and the 3D non-rigid motion of the human body. To solve this non-rigid motion, we first estimate a rough SMPL model at each video frame and compute the non-rigid body motion accordingly, which enables self-supervised learning on estimating the shape details. Experiments demonstrate that our method enjoys better generalization and performs much better on data in the wild.      
### 10.DMCP: Differentiable Markov Channel Pruning for Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03354.pdf)
>  Recent works imply that the channel pruning can be regarded as searching optimal sub-structure from unpruned networks. However, existing works based on this observation require training and evaluating a large number of structures, which limits their application. In this paper, we propose a novel differentiable method for channel pruning, named Differentiable Markov Channel Pruning (DMCP), to efficiently search the optimal sub-structure. Our method is differentiable and can be directly optimized by gradient descent with respect to standard task loss and budget regularization (e.g. FLOPs constraint). In DMCP, we model the channel pruning as a Markov process, in which each state represents for retaining the corresponding channel during pruning, and transitions between states denote the pruning process. In the end, our method is able to implicitly select the proper number of channels in each layer by the Markov process with optimized transitions. To validate the effectiveness of our method, we perform extensive experiments on Imagenet with ResNet and MobilenetV2. Results show our method can achieve consistent improvement than state-of-the-art pruning methods in various FLOPs settings. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zx55/dmcp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 11.Regression Forest-Based Atlas Localization and Direction Specific Atlas Generation for Pancreas Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03345.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a fully automated atlas-based pancreas segmentation method from CT volumes utilizing atlas localization by regression forest and atlas generation using blood vessel information. Previous probabilistic atlas-based pancreas segmentation methods cannot deal with spatial variations that are commonly found in the pancreas well. Also, shape variations are not represented by an averaged atlas. We propose a fully automated pancreas segmentation method that deals with two types of variations mentioned above. The position and size of the pancreas is estimated using a regression forest technique. After localization, a patient-specific probabilistic atlas is generated based on a new image similarity that reflects the blood vessel position and direction information around the pancreas. We segment it using the EM algorithm with the atlas as prior followed by the graph-cut. In evaluation results using 147 CT volumes, the Jaccard index and the Dice overlap of the proposed method were 62.1% and 75.1%, respectively. Although we automated all of the segmentation processes, segmentation results were superior to the other state-of-the-art methods in the Dice overlap.      
### 12.Scene Text Image Super-Resolution in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03341.pdf)
>  Low-resolution text images are often seen in natural scenes such as documents captured by mobile phones. Recognizing low-resolution text images is challenging because they lose detailed content information, leading to poor recognition accuracy. An intuitive solution is to introduce super-resolution (SR) techniques as pre-processing. However, previous single image super-resolution (SISR) methods are trained on synthetic low-resolution images (e.g.Bicubic down-sampling), which is simple and not suitable for real low-resolution text recognition. To this end, we pro-pose a real scene text SR dataset, termed TextZoom. It contains paired real low-resolution and high-resolution images which are captured by cameras with different focal length in the wild. It is more authentic and challenging than synthetic data, as shown in Fig. 1. We argue improv-ing the recognition accuracy is the ultimate goal for Scene Text SR. In this purpose, a new Text Super-Resolution Network termed TSRN, with three novel modules is developed. (1) A sequential residual block is proposed to extract the sequential information of the text images. (2) A boundary-aware loss is designed to sharpen the character boundaries. (3) A central alignment module is proposed to relieve the misalignment problem in TextZoom. Extensive experiments on TextZoom demonstrate that our TSRN largely improves the recognition accuracy by over 13%of CRNN, and by nearly 9.0% of ASTER and MORAN compared to synthetic SR data. Furthermore, our TSRN clearly outperforms 7 state-of-the-art SR methods in boosting the recognition accuracy of LR images in TextZoom. For example, it outperforms LapSRN by over 5% and 8%on the recognition accuracy of ASTER and CRNN. Our results suggest that low-resolution text recognition in the wild is far from being solved, thus more research effort is needed.      
### 13.Wavelet Integrated CNNs for Noise-Robust Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03337.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are generally prone to noise interruptions, i.e., small image noise can cause drastic changes in the output. To suppress the noise effect to the final predication, we enhance CNNs by replacing max-pooling, strided-convolution, and average-pooling with Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT). We present general DWT and Inverse DWT (IDWT) layers applicable to various wavelets like Haar, Daubechies, and Cohen, etc., and design wavelet integrated CNNs (WaveCNets) using these layers for image classification. In WaveCNets, feature maps are decomposed into the low-frequency and high-frequency components during the down-sampling. The low-frequency component stores main information including the basic object structures, which is transmitted into the subsequent layers to extract robust high-level features. The high-frequency components, containing most of the data noise, are dropped during inference to improve the noise-robustness of the WaveCNets. Our experimental results on ImageNet and ImageNet-C (the noisy version of ImageNet) show that WaveCNets, the wavelet integrated versions of VGG, ResNets, and DenseNet, achieve higher accuracy and better noise-robustness than their vanilla versions.      
### 14.Deep Learning based Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03293.pdf)
>  Automated person re-identification in a multi-camera surveillance setup is very important for effective tracking and monitoring crowd movement. In the recent years, few deep learning based re-identification approaches have been developed which are quite accurate but time-intensive, and hence not very suitable for practical purposes. In this paper, we propose an efficient hierarchical re-identification approach in which color histogram based comparison is first employed to find the closest matches in the gallery set, and next deep feature based comparison is carried out using Siamese network. Reduction in search space after the first level of matching helps in achieving a fast response time as well as improving the accuracy of prediction by the Siamese network by eliminating vastly dissimilar elements. A silhouette part-based feature extraction scheme is adopted in each level of hierarchy to preserve the relative locations of the different body structures and make the appearance descriptors more discriminating in nature. The proposed approach has been evaluated on five public data sets and also a new data set captured by our team in our laboratory. Results reveal that it outperforms most state-of-the-art approaches in terms of overall accuracy.      
### 15.Multi-Target Deep Learning for Algal Detection and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03232.pdf)
>  Water quality has a direct impact on industry, agriculture, and public health. Algae species are common indicators of water quality. It is because algal communities are sensitive to changes in their habitats, giving valuable knowledge on variations in water quality. However, water quality analysis requires professional inspection of algal detection and classification under microscopes, which is very time-consuming and tedious. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-target deep learning framework for algal detection and classification. Extensive experiments were carried out on a large-scale colored microscopic algal dataset. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method leads to the promising performance on algal detection, class identification and genus identification.      
### 16.Hierarchical Predictive Coding Models in a Deep-Learning Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03230.pdf)
>  Bayesian predictive coding is a putative neuromorphic method for acquiring higher-level neural representations to account for sensory input. Although originating in the neuroscience community, there are also efforts in the machine learning community to study these models. This paper reviews some of the more well known models. Our review analyzes module connectivity and patterns of information transfer, seeking to find general principles used across the models. We also survey some recent attempts to cast these models within a deep learning framework. A defining feature of Bayesian predictive coding is that it uses top-down, reconstructive mechanisms to predict incoming sensory inputs or their lower-level representations. Discrepancies between the predicted and the actual inputs, known as prediction errors, then give rise to future learning that refines and improves the predictive accuracy of learned higher-level representations. Predictive coding models intended to describe computations in the neocortex emerged prior to the development of deep learning and used a communication structure between modules that we name the Rao-Ballard protocol. This protocol was derived from a Bayesian generative model with some rather strong statistical assumptions. The RB protocol provides a rubric to assess the fidelity of deep learning models that claim to implement predictive coding.      
### 17.Deeply Supervised Active Learning for Finger Bones Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03225.pdf)
>  Segmentation is a prerequisite yet challenging task for medical image analysis. In this paper, we introduce a novel deeply supervised active learning approach for finger bones segmentation. The proposed architecture is fine-tuned in an iterative and incremental learning manner. In each step, the deep supervision mechanism guides the learning process of hidden layers and selects samples to be labeled. Extensive experiments demonstrated that our method achieves competitive segmentation results using less labeled samples as compared with full annotation.      
### 18.End-to-End Domain Adaptive Attention Network for Cross-Domain Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03222.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) remains challenging in a real-world scenario, as it requires a trained network to generalise to totally unseen target data in the presence of variations across domains. Recently, generative adversarial models have been widely adopted to enhance the diversity of training data. These approaches, however, often fail to generalise to other domains, as existing generative person re-identification models have a disconnect between the generative component and the discriminative feature learning stage. To address the on-going challenges regarding model generalisation, we propose an end-to-end domain adaptive attention network to jointly translate images between domains and learn discriminative re-id features in a single framework. To address the domain gap challenge, we introduce an attention module for image translation from source to target domains without affecting the identity of a person. More specifically, attention is directed to the background instead of the entire image of the person, ensuring identifying characteristics of the subject are preserved. The proposed joint learning network results in a significant performance improvement over state-of-the-art methods on several benchmark datasets.      
### 19.Deep Learning Framework for Detecting Ground Deformation in the Built Environment using Satellite InSAR data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03221.pdf)
>  The large volumes of Sentinel-1 data produced over Europe are being used to develop pan-national ground motion services. However, simple analysis techniques like thresholding cannot detect and classify complex deformation signals reliably making providing usable information to a broad range of non-expert stakeholders a challenge. Here we explore the applicability of deep learning approaches by adapting a pre-trained convolutional neural network (CNN) to detect deformation in a national-scale velocity field. For our proof-of-concept, we focus on the UK where previously identified deformation is associated with coal-mining, ground water withdrawal, landslides and tunnelling. The sparsity of measurement points and the presence of spike noise make this a challenging application for deep learning networks, which involve calculations of the spatial convolution between images. Moreover, insufficient ground truth data exists to construct a balanced training data set, and the deformation signals are slower and more localised than in previous applications. We propose three enhancement methods to tackle these problems: i) spatial interpolation with modified matrix completion, ii) a synthetic training dataset based on the characteristics of real UK velocity map, and iii) enhanced over-wrapping techniques. Using velocity maps spanning 2015-2019, our framework detects several areas of coal mining subsidence, uplift due to dewatering, slate quarries, landslides and tunnel engineering works. The results demonstrate the potential applicability of the proposed framework to the development of automated ground motion analysis systems.      
### 20.Hierarchical Attention Network for Action Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03209.pdf)
>  The temporal segmentation of events is an essential task and a precursor for the automatic recognition of human actions in the video. Several attempts have been made to capture frame-level salient aspects through attention but they lack the capacity to effectively map the temporal relationships in between the frames as they only capture a limited span of temporal dependencies. To this end we propose a complete end-to-end supervised learning approach that can better learn relationships between actions over time, thus improving the overall segmentation performance. The proposed hierarchical recurrent attention framework analyses the input video at multiple temporal scales, to form embeddings at frame level and segment level, and perform fine-grained action segmentation. This generates a simple, lightweight, yet extremely effective architecture for segmenting continuous video streams and has multiple application domains. We evaluate our system on multiple challenging public benchmark datasets, including MERL Shopping, 50 salads, and Georgia Tech Egocentric datasets, and achieves state-of-the-art performance. The evaluated datasets encompass numerous video capture settings which are inclusive of static overhead camera views and dynamic, ego-centric head-mounted camera views, demonstrating the direct applicability of the proposed framework in a variety of settings.      
### 21.What comprises a good talking-head video generation?: A Survey and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03201.pdf)
>  Over the years, performance evaluation has become essential in computer vision, enabling tangible progress in many sub-fields. While talking-head video generation has become an emerging research topic, existing evaluations on this topic present many limitations. For example, most approaches use human subjects (e.g., via Amazon MTurk) to evaluate their research claims directly. This subjective evaluation is cumbersome, unreproducible, and may impend the evolution of new research. In this work, we present a carefully-designed benchmark for evaluating talking-head video generation with standardized dataset pre-processing strategies. As for evaluation, we either propose new metrics or select the most appropriate ones to evaluate results in what we consider as desired properties for a good talking-head video, namely, identity preserving, lip synchronization, high video quality, and natural-spontaneous motion. By conducting a thoughtful analysis across several state-of-the-art talking-head generation approaches, we aim to uncover the merits and drawbacks of current methods and point out promising directions for future work. All the evaluation code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lelechen63/talking-head-generation-survey" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Recognizing Exercises and Counting Repetitions in Real Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03194.pdf)
>  Artificial intelligence technology has made its way absolutely necessary in a variety of industries including the fitness industry. Human pose estimation is one of the important researches in the field of Computer Vision for the last few years. In this project, pose estimation and deep machine learning techniques are combined to analyze the performance and report feedback on the repetitions of performed exercises in real-time. Involving machine learning technology in the fitness industry could help the judges to count repetitions of any exercise during Weightlifting or CrossFit competitions.      
### 23.A Dynamical Perspective on Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03190.pdf)
>  We provide a dynamical perspective on the classical problem of 3D point cloud registration with correspondences. A point cloud is considered as a rigid body consisting of particles. The problem of registering two point clouds is formulated as a dynamical system, where the dynamic model point cloud translates and rotates in a viscous environment towards the static scene point cloud, under forces and torques induced by virtual springs placed between each pair of corresponding points. We first show that the potential energy of the system recovers the objective function of the maximum likelihood estimation. We then adopt Lyapunov analysis, particularly the invariant set theorem, to analyze the rigid body dynamics and show that the system globally asymptotically tends towards the set of equilibrium points, where the globally optimal registration solution lies in. We conjecture that, besides the globally optimal equilibrium point, the system has either three or infinite "spurious" equilibrium points, and these spurious equilibria are all locally unstable. The case of three spurious equilibria corresponds to generic shape of the point cloud, while the case of infinite spurious equilibria happens when the point cloud exhibits symmetry. Therefore, simulating the dynamics with random perturbations guarantees to obtain the globally optimal registration solution. Numerical experiments support our analysis and conjecture.      
### 24.NTIRE 2020 Challenge on Image Demoireing: Methods and Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03155.pdf)
>  This paper reviews the Challenge on Image Demoireing that was part of the New Trends in Image Restoration and Enhancement (NTIRE) workshop, held in conjunction with CVPR 2020. Demoireing is a difficult task of removing moire patterns from an image to reveal an underlying clean image. The challenge was divided into two tracks. Track 1 targeted the single image demoireing problem, which seeks to remove moire patterns from a single image. Track 2 focused on the burst demoireing problem, where a set of degraded moire images of the same scene were provided as input, with the goal of producing a single demoired image as output. The methods were ranked in terms of their fidelity, measured using the peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) between the ground truth clean images and the restored images produced by the participants' methods. The tracks had 142 and 99 registered participants, respectively, with a total of 14 and 6 submissions in the final testing stage. The entries span the current state-of-the-art in image and burst image demoireing problems.      
### 25.Deep Learning for Image-based Automatic Dial Meter Reading: Dataset and Baselines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03106.pdf)
>  Smart meters enable remote and automatic electricity, water and gas consumption reading and are being widely deployed in developed countries. Nonetheless, there is still a huge number of non-smart meters in operation. Image-based Automatic Meter Reading (AMR) focuses on dealing with this type of meter readings. We estimate that the Energy Company of Paraná (Copel), in Brazil, performs more than 850,000 readings of dial meters per month. Those meters are the focus of this work. Our main contributions are: (i) a public real-world dial meter dataset (shared upon request) called UFPR-ADMR; (ii) a deep learning-based recognition baseline on the proposed dataset; and (iii) a detailed error analysis of the main issues present in AMR for dial meters. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to introduce deep learning approaches to multi-dial meter reading, and perform experiments on unconstrained images. We achieved a 100.0% F1-score on the dial detection stage with both Faster R-CNN and YOLO, while the recognition rates reached 93.6% for dials and 75.25% for meters using Faster R-CNN (ResNext-101).      
### 26.Scale-Equalizing Pyramid Convolution for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03101.pdf)
>  Feature pyramid has been an efficient method to extract features at different scales. Development over this method mainly focuses on aggregating contextual information at different levels while seldom touching the inter-level correlation in the feature pyramid. Early computer vision methods extracted scale-invariant features by locating the feature extrema in both spatial and scale dimension. Inspired by this, a convolution across the pyramid level is proposed in this study, which is termed pyramid convolution and is a modified 3-D convolution. Stacked pyramid convolutions directly extract 3-D (scale and spatial) features and outperforms other meticulously designed feature fusion modules. Based on the viewpoint of 3-D convolution, an integrated batch normalization that collects statistics from the whole feature pyramid is naturally inserted after the pyramid convolution. Furthermore, we also show that the naive pyramid convolution, together with the design of RetinaNet head, actually best applies for extracting features from a Gaussian pyramid, whose properties can hardly be satisfied by a feature pyramid. In order to alleviate this discrepancy, we build a scale-equalizing pyramid convolution (SEPC) that aligns the shared pyramid convolution kernel only at high-level feature maps. Being computationally efficient and compatible with the head design of most single-stage object detectors, the SEPC module brings significant performance improvement ($&gt;4$AP increase on MS-COCO2017 dataset) in state-of-the-art one-stage object detectors, and a light version of SEPC also has $\sim3.5$AP gain with only around 7% inference time increase. The pyramid convolution also functions well as a stand-alone module in two-stage object detectors and is able to improve the performance by $\sim2$AP. The source code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jshilong/SEPC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Deep Learning on Point Clouds for False Positive Reduction at Nodule Detection in Chest CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03654.pdf)
>  The paper focuses on a novel approach for false-positive reduction (FPR) of nodule candidates in Computer-aided detection (CADe) system after suspicious lesions proposing stage. Unlike common decisions in medical image analysis, the proposed approach considers input data not as 2d or 3d image, but as a point cloud and uses deep learning models for point clouds. We found out that models for point clouds require less memory and are faster on both training and inference than traditional CNN 3D, achieves better performance and does not impose restrictions on the size of the input image, thereby the size of the nodule candidate. We propose an algorithm for transforming 3d CT scan data to point cloud. In some cases, the volume of the nodule candidate can be much smaller than the surrounding context, for example, in the case of subpleural localization of the nodule. Therefore, we developed an algorithm for sampling points from a point cloud constructed from a 3D image of the candidate region. The algorithm guarantees to capture both context and candidate information as part of the point cloud of the nodule candidate. An experiment with creating a dataset from an open LIDC-IDRI database for a feature of the FPR task was accurately designed, set up and described in detail. The data augmentation technique was applied to avoid overfitting and as an upsampling method. Experiments are conducted with PointNet, PointNet++ and DGCNN. We show that the proposed approach outperforms baseline CNN 3D models and demonstrates 85.98 FROC versus 77.26 FROC for baseline models.      
### 28.Visualisation and knowledge discovery from interpretable models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03632.pdf)
>  Increasing number of sectors which affect human lives, are using Machine Learning (ML) tools. Hence the need for understanding their working mechanism and evaluating their fairness in decision-making, are becoming paramount, ushering in the era of Explainable AI (XAI). In this contribution we introduced a few intrinsically interpretable models which are also capable of dealing with missing values, in addition to extracting knowledge from the dataset and about the problem. These models are also capable of visualisation of the classifier and decision boundaries: they are the angle based variants of Learning Vector Quantization. We have demonstrated the algorithms on a synthetic dataset and a real-world one (heart disease dataset from the UCI repository). The newly developed classifiers helped in investigating the complexities of the UCI dataset as a multiclass problem. The performance of the developed classifiers were comparable to those reported in literature for this dataset, with additional value of interpretability, when the dataset was treated as a binary class problem.      
### 29.Efficient Exact Verification of Binarized Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03597.pdf)
>  We present a new system, EEV, for verifying binarized neural networks (BNNs). We formulate BNN verification as a Boolean satisfiability problem (SAT) with reified cardinality constraints of the form $y = (x_1 + \cdots + x_n \le b)$, where $x_i$ and $y$ are Boolean variables possibly with negation and $b$ is an integer constant. We also identify two properties, specifically balanced weight sparsity and lower cardinality bounds, that reduce the verification complexity of BNNs. EEV contains both a SAT solver enhanced to handle reified cardinality constraints natively and novel training strategies designed to reduce verification complexity by delivering networks with improved sparsity properties and cardinality bounds. We demonstrate the effectiveness of EEV by presenting the first exact verification results for $\ell_{\infty}$-bounded adversarial robustness of nontrivial convolutional BNNs on the MNIST and CIFAR10 datasets. Our results also show that, depending on the dataset and network architecture, our techniques verify BNNs between a factor of ten to ten thousand times faster than the best previous exact verification techniques for either binarized or real-valued networks.      
### 30.Noisy Differentiable Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03566.pdf)
>  Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. Differentiable Architecture Search (DARTS) has now become one of the mainstream paradigms of neural architecture search. However, it largely suffers from several disturbing factors of optimization process whose results are unstable to reproduce. FairDARTS points out that skip connections natively have an unfair advantage in exclusive competition which primarily leads to dramatic performance collapse. While FairDARTS turns the unfair competition into a collaborative one, we instead impede such unfair advantage by injecting unbiased random noise into skip operations' output. In effect, the optimizer should perceive this difficulty at each training step and refrain from overshooting on skip connections, but in a long run it still converges to the right solution area since no bias is added to the gradient. We name this novel approach as NoisyDARTS. Our experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet attest that it can effectively break the skip connection's unfair advantage and yield better performance. It generates a series of models that achieve state-of-the-art results on both datasets.      
### 31.How Can CNNs Use Image Position for Segmentation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03463.pdf)
>  Convolution is an equivariant operation, and image position does not affect its result. A recent study shows that the zero-padding employed in convolutional layers of CNNs provides position information to the CNNs. The study further claims that the position information enables accurate inference for several tasks, such as object recognition, segmentation, etc. However, there is a technical issue with the design of the experiments of the study, and thus the correctness of the claim is yet to be verified. Moreover, the absolute image position may not be essential for the segmentation of natural images, in which target objects will appear at any image position. In this study, we investigate how positional information is and can be utilized for segmentation tasks. Toward this end, we consider {\em positional encoding} (PE) that adds channels embedding image position to the input images and compare PE with several padding methods. Considering the above nature of natural images, we choose medical image segmentation tasks, in which the absolute position appears to be relatively important, as the same organs (of different patients) are captured in similar sizes and positions. We draw a mixed conclusion from the experimental results; the positional encoding certainly works in some cases, but the absolute image position may not be so important for segmentation tasks as we think.      
### 32.AIBench: Scenario-distilling AI Benchmarking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03459.pdf)
>  Real-world application scenarios like modern Internet services consist of diversity of AI and non-AI modules with very long and complex execution paths. Using component or micro AI benchmarks alone can lead to error-prone conclusions. This paper proposes a scenario-distilling AI benchmarking methodology. Instead of using real-world applications, we propose the permutations of essential AI and non-AI tasks as a scenario-distilling benchmark. We consider scenario-distilling benchmarks, component and micro benchmarks as three indispensable parts of a benchmark suite. Together with seventeen industry partners, we identify nine important real-world application scenarios. We design and implement a highly extensible, configurable, and flexible benchmark framework. On the basis of the framework, we propose the guideline for building scenario-distilling benchmarks, and present two Internet service AI ones. The preliminary evaluation shows the advantage of scenario-distilling AI benchmarking against using component or micro AI benchmarks alone. The specifications, source code, testbed, and results are publicly available from the web site \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.benchcouncil.org/AIBench/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}.      
### 33.Lifted Regression/Reconstruction Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03452.pdf)
>  In this work we propose lifted regression/reconstruction networks (LRRNs), which combine lifted neural networks with a guaranteed Lipschitz continuity property for the output layer. Lifted neural networks explicitly optimize an energy model to infer the unit activations and therefore---in contrast to standard feed-forward neural networks---allow bidirectional feedback between layers. So far lifted neural networks have been modelled around standard feed-forward architectures. We propose to take further advantage of the feedback property by letting the layers simultaneously perform regression and reconstruction. The resulting lifted network architecture allows to control the desired amount of Lipschitz continuity, which is an important feature to obtain adversarially robust regression and classification methods. We analyse and numerically demonstrate applications for unsupervised and supervised learning.      
### 34.NTIRE 2020 Challenge on Spectral Reconstruction from an RGB Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03412.pdf)
>  This paper reviews the second challenge on spectral reconstruction from RGB images, i.e., the recovery of whole-scene hyperspectral (HS) information from a 3-channel RGB image. As in the previous challenge, two tracks were provided: (i) a "Clean" track where HS images are estimated from noise-free RGBs, the RGB images are themselves calculated numerically using the ground-truth HS images and supplied spectral sensitivity functions (ii) a "Real World" track, simulating capture by an uncalibrated and unknown camera, where the HS images are recovered from noisy JPEG-compressed RGB images. A new, larger-than-ever, natural hyperspectral image data set is presented, containing a total of 510 HS images. The Clean and Real World tracks had 103 and 78 registered participants respectively, with 14 teams competing in the final testing phase. A description of the proposed methods, alongside their challenge scores and an extensive evaluation of top performing methods is also provided. They gauge the state-of-the-art in spectral reconstruction from an RGB image.      
### 35.Joint Prediction and Time Estimation of COVID-19 Developing Severe Symptoms using Chest CT Scan  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03405.pdf)
>  With the rapidly worldwide spread of Coronavirus disease (COVID-19), it is of great importance to conduct early diagnosis of COVID-19 and predict the time that patients might convert to the severe stage, for designing effective treatment plan and reducing the clinicians' workloads. In this study, we propose a joint classification and regression method to determine whether the patient would develop severe symptoms in the later time, and if yes, predict the possible conversion time that the patient would spend to convert to the severe stage. To do this, the proposed method takes into account 1) the weight for each sample to reduce the outliers' influence and explore the problem of imbalance classification, and 2) the weight for each feature via a sparsity regularization term to remove the redundant features of high-dimensional data and learn the shared information across the classification task and the regression task. To our knowledge, this study is the first work to predict the disease progression and the conversion time, which could help clinicians to deal with the potential severe cases in time or even save the patients' lives. Experimental analysis was conducted on a real data set from two hospitals with 422 chest computed tomography (CT) scans, where 52 cases were converted to severe on average 5.64 days and 34 cases were severe at admission. Results show that our method achieves the best classification (e.g., 85.91% of accuracy) and regression (e.g., 0.462 of the correlation coefficient) performance, compared to all comparison methods. Moreover, our proposed method yields 76.97% of accuracy for predicting the severe cases, 0.524 of the correlation coefficient, and 0.55 days difference for the converted time.      
### 36.WSMN: An optimized multipurpose blind watermarking in Shearlet domain using MLP and NSGA-II  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03382.pdf)
>  Digital watermarking is a remarkable issue in the field of information security to avoid the misuse of images in multimedia networks. Although access to unauthorized persons can be prevented through cryptography, it cannot be simultaneously used for copyright protection or content authentication with the preservation of image integrity. Hence, this paper presents an optimized multipurpose blind watermarking in Shearlet domain with the help of smart algorithms including MLP and NSGA-II. In this method, four copies of the robust copyright logo are embedded in the approximate coefficients of Shearlet by using an effective quantization technique. Furthermore, an embedded random sequence as a semi-fragile authentication mark is effectively extracted from details by the neural network. Due to performing an effective optimization algorithm for selecting optimum embedding thresholds, and also distinguishing the texture of blocks, the imperceptibility and robustness have been preserved. The experimental results reveal the superiority of the scheme with regard to the quality of watermarked images and robustness against hybrid attacks over other state-of-the-art schemes. The average PSNR and SSIM of the dual watermarked images are 38 dB and 0.95, respectively; Besides, it can effectively extract the copyright logo and locates forgery regions under severe attacks with satisfactory accuracy.      
### 37.Vid2Curve: Simultaneously Camera Motion Estimation and Thin Structure Reconstruction from an RGB Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03372.pdf)
>  Thin structures, such as wire-frame sculptures, fences, cables, power lines, and tree branches, are common in the real world. It is extremely challenging to acquire their 3D digital models using traditional image-based or depth-based reconstruction methods because thin structures often lack distinct point features and have severe self-occlusion. We propose the first approach that simultaneously estimates camera motion and reconstructs the geometry of complex 3D thin structures in high quality from a color video captured by a handheld camera. Specifically, we present a new curve-based approach to estimate accurate camera poses by establishing correspondences between featureless thin objects in the foreground in consecutive video frames, without requiring visual texture in the background scene to lock on. Enabled by this effective curve-based camera pose estimation strategy, we develop an iterative optimization method with tailored measures on geometry, topology as well as self-occlusion handling for reconstructing 3D thin structures. Extensive validations on a variety of thin structures show that our method achieves accurate camera pose estimation and faithful reconstruction of 3D thin structures with complex shape and topology at a level that has not been attained by other existing reconstruction methods.      
### 38.Scoring Root Necrosis in Cassava Using Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03367.pdf)
>  Cassava a major food crop in many parts of Africa, has majorly been affected by Cassava Brown Streak Disease (CBSD). The disease affects tuberous roots and presents symptoms that include a yellow/brown, dry, corky necrosis within the starch-bearing tissues. Cassava breeders currently depend on visual inspection to score necrosis in roots based on a qualitative score which is quite subjective. In this paper we present an approach to automate root necrosis scoring using deep convolutional neural networks with semantic segmentation. Our experiments show that the UNet model performs this task with high accuracy achieving a mean Intersection over Union (IoU) of 0.90 on the test set. This method provides a means to use a quantitative measure for necrosis scoring on root cross-sections. This is done by segmentation and classifying the necrotized and non-necrotized pixels of cassava root cross-sections without any additional feature engineering.      
### 39.DramaQA: Character-Centered Video Story Understanding with Hierarchical QA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03356.pdf)
>  Despite recent progress on computer vision and natural language processing, developing video understanding intelligence is still hard to achieve due to the intrinsic difficulty of story in video. Moreover, there is not a theoretical metric for evaluating the degree of video understanding. In this paper, we propose a novel video question answering (Video QA) task, DramaQA, for a comprehensive understanding of the video story. The DramaQA focused on two perspectives: 1) hierarchical QAs as an evaluation metric based on the cognitive developmental stages of human intelligence. 2) character-centered video annotations to model local coherence of the story. Our dataset is built upon the TV drama "Another Miss Oh" and it contains 16,191 QA pairs from 23,928 various length video clips, with each QA pair belonging to one of four difficulty levels. We provide 217,308 annotated images with rich character-centered annotations, including visual bounding boxes, behaviors, and emotions of main characters, and coreference resolved scripts. Additionally, we provide analyses of the dataset as well as Dual Matching Multistream model which effectively learns character-centered representations of video to answer questions about the video. We are planning to release our dataset and model publicly for research purposes and expect that our work will provide a new perspective on video story understanding research.      
### 40.A Review of Computer Vision Methods in Network Security  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03318.pdf)
>  Network security has become an area of significant importance more than ever as highlighted by the eye-opening numbers of data breaches, attacks on critical infrastructure, and malware/ransomware/cryptojacker attacks that are reported almost every day. Increasingly, we are relying on networked infrastructure and with the advent of IoT, billions of devices will be connected to the internet, providing attackers with more opportunities to exploit. Traditional machine learning methods have been frequently used in the context of network security. However, such methods are more based on statistical features extracted from sources such as binaries, emails, and packet flows. <br>On the other hand, recent years witnessed a phenomenal growth in computer vision mainly driven by the advances in the area of convolutional neural networks. At a glance, it is not trivial to see how computer vision methods are related to network security. Nonetheless, there is a significant amount of work that highlighted how methods from computer vision can be applied in network security for detecting attacks or building security solutions. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive survey of such work under three topics; i) phishing attempt detection, ii) malware detection, and iii) traffic anomaly detection. Next, we review a set of such commercial products for which public information is available and explore how computer vision methods are effectively used in those products. Finally, we discuss existing research gaps and future research directions, especially focusing on how network security research community and the industry can leverage the exponential growth of computer vision methods to build much secure networked systems.      
### 41.Encoding in the Dark Grand Challenge: An Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03315.pdf)
>  A big part of the video content we consume from video providers consists of genres featuring low-light aesthetics. Low light sequences have special characteristics, such as spatio-temporal varying acquisition noise and light flickering, that make the encoding process challenging. To deal with the spatio-temporal incoherent noise, higher bitrates are used to achieve high objective quality. Additionally, the quality assessment metrics and methods have not been designed, trained or tested for this type of content. This has inspired us to trigger research in that area and propose a Grand Challenge on encoding low-light video sequences. In this paper, we present an overview of the proposed challenge, and test state-of-the-art methods that will be part of the benchmark methods at the stage of the participants' deliverable assessment. From this exploration, our results show that VVC already achieves a high performance compared to simply denoising the video source prior to encoding. Moreover, the quality of the video streams can be further improved by employing a post-processing image enhancement method.      
### 42.Knowledge Enhanced Neural Fashion Trend Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03297.pdf)
>  Fashion trend forecasting is a crucial task for both academia and industry. Although some efforts have been devoted to tackling this challenging task, they only studied limited fashion elements with highly seasonal or simple patterns, which could hardly reveal the real fashion trends. Towards insightful fashion trend forecasting, this work focuses on investigating fine-grained fashion element trends for specific user groups. We first contribute a large-scale fashion trend dataset (FIT) collected from Instagram with extracted time series fashion element records and user information. Further-more, to effectively model the time series data of fashion elements with rather complex patterns, we propose a Knowledge EnhancedRecurrent Network model (KERN) which takes advantage of the capability of deep recurrent neural networks in modeling time-series data. Moreover, it leverages internal and external knowledge in fashion domain that affects the time-series patterns of fashion element trends. Such incorporation of domain knowledge further enhances the deep learning model in capturing the patterns of specific fashion elements and predicting the future trends. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed KERN model can effectively capture the complicated patterns of objective fashion elements, therefore making preferable fashion trend forecast.      
### 43.Multi-view data capture using edge-synchronised mobiles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03286.pdf)
>  Multi-view data capture permits free-viewpoint video (FVV) content creation. To this end, several users must capture video streams, calibrated in both time and pose, framing the same object/scene, from different viewpoints. New-generation network architectures (e.g. 5G) promise lower latency and larger bandwidth connections supported by powerful edge computing, properties that seem ideal for reliable FVV capture. We have explored this possibility, aiming to remove the need for bespoke synchronisation hardware when capturing a scene from multiple viewpoints, making it possible through off-the-shelf mobiles. We propose a novel and scalable data capture architecture that exploits edge resources to synchronise and harvest frame captures. We have designed an edge computing unit that supervises the relaying of timing triggers to and from multiple mobiles, in addition to synchronising frame harvesting. We empirically show the benefits of our edge computing unit by analysing latencies and show the quality of 3D reconstruction outputs against an alternative and popular centralised solution based on Unity3D.      
### 44.Adaptive Feature Selection Guided Deep Forest for COVID-19 Classification with Chest CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03264.pdf)
>  Chest computed tomography (CT) becomes an effective tool to assist the diagnosis of coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19). Due to the outbreak of COVID-19 worldwide, using the computed-aided diagnosis technique for COVID-19 classification based on CT images could largely alleviate the burden of clinicians. In this paper, we propose an Adaptive Feature Selection guided Deep Forest (AFS-DF) for COVID-19 classification based on chest CT images. Specifically, we first extract location-specific features from CT images. Then, in order to capture the high-level representation of these features with the relatively small-scale data, we leverage a deep forest model to learn high-level representation of the features. Moreover, we propose a feature selection method based on the trained deep forest model to reduce the redundancy of features, where the feature selection could be adaptively incorporated with the COVID-19 classification model. We evaluated our proposed AFS-DF on COVID-19 dataset with 1495 patients of COVID-19 and 1027 patients of community acquired pneumonia (CAP). The accuracy (ACC), sensitivity (SEN), specificity (SPE) and AUC achieved by our method are 91.79%, 93.05%, 89.95% and 96.35%, respectively. Experimental results on the COVID-19 dataset suggest that the proposed AFS-DF achieves superior performance in COVID-19 vs. CAP classification, compared with 4 widely used machine learning methods.      
### 45.Subdomain Adaptation with Manifolds Discrepancy Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03229.pdf)
>  Reducing domain divergence is a key step in transfer learning problems. Existing works focus on the minimization of global domain divergence. However, two domains may consist of several shared subdomains, and differ from each other in each subdomain. In this paper, we take the local divergence of subdomains into account in transfer. Specifically, we propose to use low-dimensional manifold to represent subdomain, and align the local data distribution discrepancy in each manifold across domains. A Manifold Maximum Mean Discrepancy (M3D) is developed to measure the local distribution discrepancy in each manifold. We then propose a general framework, called Transfer with Manifolds Discrepancy Alignment (TMDA), to couple the discovery of data manifolds with the minimization of M3D. We instantiate TMDA in the subspace learning case considering both the linear and nonlinear mappings. We also instantiate TMDA in the deep learning framework. Extensive experimental studies demonstrate that TMDA is a promising method for various transfer learning tasks.      
### 46.Collective Loss Function for Positive and Unlabeled Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03228.pdf)
>  People learn to discriminate between classes without explicit exposure to negative examples. On the contrary, traditional machine learning algorithms often rely on negative examples, otherwise the model would be prone to collapse and always-true predictions. Therefore, it is crucial to design the learning objective which leads the model to converge and to perform predictions unbiasedly without explicit negative signals. In this paper, we propose a Collectively loss function to learn from only Positive and Unlabeled data (cPU). We theoretically elicit the loss function from the setting of PU learning. We perform intensive experiments on the benchmark and real-world datasets. The results show that cPU consistently outperforms the current state-of-the-art PU learning methods.      
### 47.Diagnosis of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) with Structured Latent Multi-View Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03227.pdf)
>  Recently, the outbreak of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) has spread rapidly across the world. Due to the large number of affected patients and heavy labor for doctors, computer-aided diagnosis with machine learning algorithm is urgently needed, and could largely reduce the efforts of clinicians and accelerate the diagnosis process. Chest computed tomography (CT) has been recognized as an informative tool for diagnosis of the disease. In this study, we propose to conduct the diagnosis of COVID-19 with a series of features extracted from CT images. To fully explore multiple features describing CT images from different views, a unified latent representation is learned which can completely encode information from different aspects of features and is endowed with promising class structure for separability. Specifically, the completeness is guaranteed with a group of backward neural networks (each for one type of features), while by using class labels the representation is enforced to be compact within COVID-19/community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) and also a large margin is guaranteed between different types of pneumonia. In this way, our model can well avoid overfitting compared to the case of directly projecting highdimensional features into classes. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms all comparison methods, and rather stable performances are observed when varying the numbers of training data.      
### 48.Towards Frequency-Based Explanation for Robust CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03141.pdf)
>  Current explanation techniques towards a transparent Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) mainly focuses on building connections between the human-understandable input features with models' prediction, overlooking an alternative representation of the input, the frequency components decomposition. In this work, we present an analysis of the connection between the distribution of frequency components in the input dataset and the reasoning process the model learns from the data. We further provide quantification analysis about the contribution of different frequency components toward the model's prediction. We show that the vulnerability of the model against tiny distortions is a result of the model is relying on the high-frequency features, the target features of the adversarial (black and white-box) attackers, to make the prediction. We further show that if the model develops stronger association between the low-frequency component with true labels, the model is more robust, which is the explanation of why adversarially trained models are more robust against tiny distortions.      
### 49.Unsupervised Multimodal Neural Machine Translation with Pseudo Visual Pivoting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03119.pdf)
>  Unsupervised machine translation (MT) has recently achieved impressive results with monolingual corpora only. However, it is still challenging to associate source-target sentences in the latent space. As people speak different languages biologically share similar visual systems, the potential of achieving better alignment through visual content is promising yet under-explored in unsupervised multimodal MT (MMT). In this paper, we investigate how to utilize visual content for disambiguation and promoting latent space alignment in unsupervised MMT. Our model employs multimodal back-translation and features pseudo visual pivoting in which we learn a shared multilingual visual-semantic embedding space and incorporate visually-pivoted captioning as additional weak supervision. The experimental results on the widely used Multi30K dataset show that the proposed model significantly improves over the state-of-the-art methods and generalizes well when the images are not available at the testing time.      
### 50.Diagnosing the Environment Bias in Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03086.pdf)
>  Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN) requires an agent to follow natural-language instructions, explore the given environments, and reach the desired target locations. These step-by-step navigational instructions are crucial when the agent is navigating new environments about which it has no prior knowledge. Most recent works that study VLN observe a significant performance drop when tested on unseen environments (i.e., environments not used in training), indicating that the neural agent models are highly biased towards training environments. Although this issue is considered as one of the major challenges in VLN research, it is still under-studied and needs a clearer explanation. In this work, we design novel diagnosis experiments via environment re-splitting and feature replacement, looking into possible reasons for this environment bias. We observe that neither the language nor the underlying navigational graph, but the low-level visual appearance conveyed by ResNet features directly affects the agent model and contributes to this environment bias in results. According to this observation, we explore several kinds of semantic representations that contain less low-level visual information, hence the agent learned with these features could be better generalized to unseen testing environments. Without modifying the baseline agent model and its training method, our explored semantic features significantly decrease the performance gaps between seen and unseen on multiple datasets (i.e. R2R, R4R, and CVDN) and achieve competitive unseen results to previous state-of-the-art models. Our code and features are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhangybzbo/EnvBiasVLN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 51.Line Artefact Quantification in Lung Ultrasound Images of COVID-19 Patients via Non-Convex Regularisation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03080.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel method for line artefacts quantification in lung ultrasound (LUS) images of COVID-19 patients. We formulate this as a non-convex regularisation problem involving a sparsity-enforcing, Cauchy-based penalty function, and the inverse Radon transform. We employ a simple local maxima detection technique in the Radon transform domain, associated with known clinical definitions of line artefacts. Despite being non-convex, the proposed method has guaranteed convergence via a proximal splitting algorithm and accurately identifies both horizontal and vertical line artefacts in LUS images. In order to reduce the number of false and missed detection, our method includes a two-stage validation mechanism, which is performed in both Radon and image domains. We evaluate the performance of the proposed method in comparison to the current state-of-the-art B-line identification method and show a considerable performance gain with 87% correctly detected B-lines in LUS images of nine COVID-19 patients. In addition, owing to its fast convergence, which takes around 12 seconds for a given frame, our proposed method is readily applicable for processing LUS image sequences.      
### 52.CovidCTNet: An Open-Source Deep Learning Approach to Identify Covid-19 Using CT Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03059.pdf)
>  Coronavirus disease 2019 (Covid-19) is highly contagious with limited treatment options. Early and accurate diagnosis of Covid-19 is crucial in reducing the spread of the disease and its accompanied mortality. Currently, detection by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) is the gold standard of outpatient and inpatient detection of Covid-19. RT-PCR is a rapid method, however, its accuracy in detection is only ~70-75%. Another approved strategy is computed tomography (CT) imaging. CT imaging has a much higher sensitivity of ~80-98%, but similar accuracy of 70%. To enhance the accuracy of CT imaging detection, we developed an open-source set of algorithms called CovidCTNet that successfully differentiates Covid-19 from community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) and other lung diseases. CovidCTNet increases the accuracy of CT imaging detection to 90% compared to radiologists (70%). The model is designed to work with heterogeneous and small sample sizes independent of the CT imaging hardware. In order to facilitate the detection of Covid-19 globally and assist radiologists and physicians in the screening process, we are releasing all algorithms and parametric details in an open-source format. Open-source sharing of our CovidCTNet enables developers to rapidly improve and optimize services, while preserving user privacy and data ownership.      
