# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 27 May 2020
### 1.Minimizing Supervision in Multi-label Categorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12892.pdf)
>  Multiple categories of objects are present in most images. Treating this as a multi-class classification is not justified. We treat this as a multi-label classification problem. In this paper, we further aim to minimize the supervision required for providing supervision in multi-label classification. Specifically, we investigate an effective class of approaches that associate a weak localization with each category either in terms of the bounding box or segmentation mask. Doing so improves the accuracy of multi-label categorization. The approach we adopt is one of active learning, i.e., incrementally selecting a set of samples that need supervision based on the current model, obtaining supervision for these samples, retraining the model with the additional set of supervised samples and proceeding again to select the next set of samples. A crucial concern is the choice of the set of samples. In doing so, we provide a novel insight, and no specific measure succeeds in obtaining a consistently improved selection criterion. We, therefore, provide a selection criterion that consistently improves the overall baseline criterion by choosing the top k set of samples for a varied set of criteria. Using this criterion, we are able to show that we can retain more than 98% of the fully supervised performance with just 20% of samples (and more than 96% using 10%) of the dataset on PASCAL VOC 2007 and 2012. Also, our proposed approach consistently outperforms all other baseline metrics for all benchmark datasets and model combinations.      
### 2.Learning Local Features with Context Aggregation for Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12880.pdf)
>  Keypoint detection and description is fundamental yet important in many vision applications. Most existing methods use detect-then-describe or detect-and-describe strategy to learn local features without considering their context information. Consequently, it is challenging for these methods to learn robust local features. In this paper, we focus on the fusion of low-level textual information and high-level semantic context information to improve the discrimitiveness of local features. Specifically, we first estimate a score map to represent the distribution of potential keypoints according to the quality of descriptors of all pixels. Then, we extract and aggregate multi-scale high-level semantic features based by the guidance of the score map. Finally, the low-level local features and high-level semantic features are fused and refined using a residual module. Experiments on the challenging local feature benchmark dataset demonstrate that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance in the local feature challenge of the visual localization benchmark.      
### 3.End-to-End Object Detection with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12872.pdf)
>  We present a new method that views object detection as a direct set prediction problem. Our approach streamlines the detection pipeline, effectively removing the need for many hand-designed components like a non-maximum suppression procedure or anchor generation that explicitly encode our prior knowledge about the task. The main ingredients of the new framework, called DEtection TRansformer or DETR, are a set-based global loss that forces unique predictions via bipartite matching, and a transformer encoder-decoder architecture. Given a fixed small set of learned object queries, DETR reasons about the relations of the objects and the global image context to directly output the final set of predictions in parallel. The new model is conceptually simple and does not require a specialized library, unlike many other modern detectors. DETR demonstrates accuracy and run-time performance on par with the well-established and highly-optimized Faster RCNN baseline on the challenging COCO object detection dataset. Moreover, DETR can be easily generalized to produce panoptic segmentation in a unified manner. We show that it significantly outperforms competitive baselines. Training code and pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/facebookresearch/detr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Visual Interest Prediction with Attentive Multi-Task Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12770.pdf)
>  Visual interest &amp; affect prediction is a very interesting area of research in the area of computer vision. In this paper, we propose a transfer learning and attention mechanism based neural network model to predict visual interest &amp; affective dimensions in digital photos. Learning the multi-dimensional affects is addressed through a multi-task learning framework. With various experiments we show the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Evaluation of our model on the benchmark dataset shows large improvement over current state-of-the-art systems.      
### 5.What am I Searching for: Zero-shot Target Identity Inference in Visual Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12741.pdf)
>  Can we infer intentions from a person's actions? As an example problem, here we consider how to decipher what a person is searching for by decoding their eye movement behavior. We conducted two psychophysics experiments where we monitored eye movements while subjects searched for a target object. We defined the fixations falling on \textit{non-target} objects as "error fixations". Using those error fixations, we developed a model (InferNet) to infer what the target was. InferNet uses a pre-trained convolutional neural network to extract features from the error fixations and computes a similarity map between the error fixations and all locations across the search image. The model consolidates the similarity maps across layers and integrates these maps across all error fixations. InferNet successfully identifies the subject's goal and outperforms competitive null models, even without any object-specific training on the inference task.      
### 6.An Effective Pipeline for a Real-world Clothes Retrieval System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12739.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an effective pipeline for clothes retrieval system which has sturdiness on large-scale real-world fashion data. Our proposed method consists of three components: detection, retrieval, and post-processing. We firstly conduct a detection task for precise retrieval on target clothes, then retrieve the corresponding items with the metric learning-based model. To improve the retrieval robustness against noise and misleading bounding boxes, we apply post-processing methods such as weighted boxes fusion and feature concatenation. With the proposed methodology, we achieved 2nd place in the DeepFashion2 Clothes Retrieval 2020 challenge.      
### 7.Interpreting Chest X-rays via CNNs that Exploit Hierarchical Disease Dependencies and Uncertainty Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12734.pdf)
>  The chest X-rays (CXRs) is one of the views most commonly ordered by radiologists (NHS),which is critical for diagnosis of many different thoracic diseases. Accurately detecting thepresence of multiple diseases from CXRs is still a challenging task. We present a multi-labelclassification framework based on deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for diagnos-ing the presence of 14 common thoracic diseases and observations. Specifically, we trained astrong set of CNNs that exploit dependencies among abnormality labels and used the labelsmoothing regularization (LSR) for a better handling of uncertain samples. Our deep net-works were trained on over 200,000 CXRs of the recently released CheXpert dataset (Irvinandal., 2019) and the final model, which was an ensemble of the best performing networks,achieved a mean area under the curve (AUC) of 0.940 in predicting 5 selected pathologiesfrom the validation set. To the best of our knowledge, this is the highest AUC score yetreported to date. More importantly, the proposed method was also evaluated on an inde-pendent test set of the CheXpert competition, containing 500 CXR studies annotated by apanel of 5 experienced radiologists. The reported performance was on average better than2.6 out of 3 other individual radiologists with a mean AUC of 0.930, which had led to thecurrent state-of-the-art performance on the CheXpert test set.      
### 8.Cubical Ripser: Software for computing persistent homology of image and volume data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12692.pdf)
>  We introduce Cubical Ripser for computing persistent homology of image and volume data. To our best knowledge, Cubical Ripser is currently the fastest and the most memory-efficient program for computing persistent homology of image and volume data. We demonstrate our software with an example of image analysis in which persistent homology and convolutional neural networks are successfully combined. Our open-source implementation is available online.      
### 9.SurfaceNet+: An End-to-end 3D Neural Network for Very Sparse Multi-view Stereopsis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12690.pdf)
>  Multi-view stereopsis (MVS) tries to recover the 3D model from 2D images. As the observations become sparser, the significant 3D information loss makes the MVS problem more challenging. Instead of only focusing on densely sampled conditions, we investigate sparse-MVS with large baseline angles since the sparser sensation is more practical and more cost-efficient. By investigating various observation sparsities, we show that the classical depth-fusion pipeline becomes powerless for the case with a larger baseline angle that worsens the photo-consistency check. As another line of the solution, we present SurfaceNet+, a volumetric method to handle the 'incompleteness' and the 'inaccuracy' problems induced by a very sparse MVS setup. Specifically, the former problem is handled by a novel volume-wise view selection approach. It owns superiority in selecting valid views while discarding invalid occluded views by considering the geometric prior. Furthermore, the latter problem is handled via a multi-scale strategy that consequently refines the recovered geometry around the region with the repeating pattern. The experiments demonstrate the tremendous performance gap between SurfaceNet+ and state-of-the-art methods in terms of precision and recall. Under the extreme sparse-MVS settings in two datasets, where existing methods can only return very few points, SurfaceNet+ still works as well as in the dense MVS setting. The benchmark and the implementation are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mjiUST/SurfaceNet-plus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.DAG-Net: Double Attentive Graph Neural Network for Trajectory Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12661.pdf)
>  Understanding human motion behaviour is a critical task for several possible applications like self-driving cars or social robots, and in general for all those settings where an autonomous agent has to navigate inside a human-centric environment. This is non-trivial because human motion is inherently multi-modal: given a history of human motion paths, there are many plausible ways by which people could move in the future. Additionally, people activities are often driven by goals, e.g. reaching particular locations or interacting with the environment. We address both the aforementioned aspects by proposing a new recurrent generative model that considers both single agents' future goals and interactions between different agents. The model exploits a double attention-based graph neural network to collect information about the mutual influences among different agents and integrates it with data about agents' possible future objectives. Our proposal is general enough to be applied in different scenarios: the model achieves state-of-the-art results in both urban environments and also in sports applications.      
### 11.Long-Term Cloth-Changing Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12633.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (Re-ID) aims to match a target person across camera views at different locations and times. Existing Re-ID studies focus on the short-term cloth-consistent setting, under which a person re-appears in different camera views with the same outfit. A discriminative feature representation learned by existing deep Re-ID models is thus dominated by the visual appearance of clothing. In this work, we focus on a much more difficult yet practical setting where person matching is conducted over long-duration, e.g., over days and months and therefore inevitably under the new challenge of changing clothes. This problem, termed Long-Term Cloth-Changing (LTCC) Re-ID is much understudied due to the lack of large scale datasets. The first contribution of this work is a new LTCC dataset containing people captured over a long period of time with frequent clothing changes. As a second contribution, we propose a novel Re-ID method specifically designed to address the cloth-changing challenge. Specifically, we consider that under cloth-changes, soft-biometrics such as body shape would be more reliable. We, therefore, introduce a shape embedding module as well as a cloth-elimination shape-distillation module aiming to eliminate the now unreliable clothing appearance features and focus on the body shape information. Extensive experiments show that superior performance is achieved by the proposed model on the new LTCC dataset. The code and dataset will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://naiq.github.io/LTCC_Perosn_ReID.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Learning to map between ferns with differentiable binary embedding networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12563.pdf)
>  Current deep learning methods are based on the repeated, expensive application of convolutions with parameter-intensive weight matrices. In this work, we present a novel concept that enables the application of differentiable random ferns in end-to-end networks. It can then be used as multiplication-free convolutional layer alternative in deep network architectures. Our experiments on the binary classification task of the TUPAC'16 challenge demonstrate improved results over the state-of-the-art binary XNOR net and only slightly worse performance than its 2x more parameter intensive floating point CNN counterpart.      
### 13.Keep it Simple: Image Statistics Matching for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12551.pdf)
>  Applying an object detector, which is neither trained nor fine-tuned on data close to the final application, often leads to a substantial performance drop. In order to overcome this problem, it is necessary to consider a shift between source and target domains. Tackling the shift is known as Domain Adaptation (DA). In this work, we focus on unsupervised DA: maintaining the detection accuracy across different data distributions, when only unlabeled images are available of the target domain. Recent state-of-the-art methods try to reduce the domain gap using an adversarial training strategy which increases the performance but at the same time the complexity of the training procedure. In contrast, we look at the problem from a new perspective and keep it simple by solely matching image statistics between source and target domain. We propose to align either color histograms or mean and covariance of the source images towards the target domain. Hence, DA is accomplished without architectural add-ons and additional hyper-parameters. The benefit of the approaches is demonstrated by evaluating different domain shift scenarios on public data sets. In comparison to recent methods, we achieve state-of-the-art performance using a much simpler procedure for the training. Additionally, we show that applying our techniques significantly reduces the amount of synthetic data needed to learn a general model and thus increases the value of simulation.      
### 14.Deepzzle: Solving Visual Jigsaw Puzzles with Deep Learning andShortest Path Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12548.pdf)
>  We tackle the image reassembly problem with wide space between the fragments, in such a way that the patterns and colors continuity is mostly unusable. The spacing emulates the erosion of which the archaeological fragments suffer. We crop-square the fragments borders to compel our algorithm to learn from the content of the fragments. We also complicate the image reassembly by removing fragments and adding pieces from other sources. We use a two-step method to obtain the reassemblies: 1) a neural network predicts the positions of the fragments despite the gaps between them; 2) a graph that leads to the best reassemblies is made from these predictions. In this paper, we notably investigate the effect of branch-cut in the graph of reassemblies. We also provide a comparison with the literature, solve complex images reassemblies, explore at length the dataset, and propose a new metric that suits its specificities. <br>Keywords: image reassembly, jigsaw puzzle, deep learning, graph, branch-cut, cultural heritage      
### 15.Unsupervised Domain Expansion from Multiple Sources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12544.pdf)
>  Given an existing system learned from previous source domains, it is desirable to adapt the system to new domains without accessing and forgetting all the previous domains in some applications. This problem is known as domain expansion. Unlike traditional domain adaptation in which the target domain is the domain defined by new data, in domain expansion the target domain is formed jointly by the source domains and the new domain (hence, domain expansion) and the label function to be learned must work for the expanded domain. Specifically, this paper presents a method for unsupervised multi-source domain expansion (UMSDE) where only the pre-learned models of the source domains and unlabelled new domain data are available. We propose to use the predicted class probability of the unlabelled data in the new domain produced by different source models to jointly mitigate the biases among domains, exploit the discriminative information in the new domain, and preserve the performance in the source domains. Experimental results on the VLCS, ImageCLEF_DA and PACS datasets have verified the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 16.Fine-Grained 3D Shape Classification with Hierarchical Part-View Attentions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12541.pdf)
>  Fine-grained 3D shape classification is important and research challenging for shape understanding and analysis. However, due to the lack of fine-grained 3D shape benchmark, research on fine-grained 3D shape classification has rarely been explored. To address this issue, we first introduce a new dataset of fine-grained 3D shapes, which consists of three categories including airplane, car and chair. Each category consists of several subcategories at a fine-grained level. According to our experiments under this fine-grained dataset, we find that state-of-the-art methods are significantly limited by the small variance among subcategories in the same category. To resolve this problem, we further propose a novel fine-grained 3D shape classification method named FG3D-Net to capture the fine-grained local details of 3D shapes from multiple rendered views. Specifically, we first train a Region Proposal Network (RPN) to detect the generally semantic parts inside multiple views under the benchmark of generally semantic part detection. Then, we design a hierarchical part-view attention aggregation module to learn global shape representation by aggregating generally semantic part features, which preserves the local details of 3D shapes. The part-view attention module leverages a part-level attention and a view-level attention to increase the discriminative ability of features, where the part-level attention highlights the important parts in each view while the view-level attention highlights the discriminative views among all the views from the same object. In addition, we integrate the Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) to capture the spatial relationships among sequential views from different viewpoints. Our results under the fine-grained 3D shape dataset show that our method outperforms other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 17.Learning a Reinforced Agent for Flexible Exposure Bracketing Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12536.pdf)
>  Automatically selecting exposure bracketing (images exposed differently) is important to obtain a high dynamic range image by using multi-exposure fusion. Unlike previous methods that have many restrictions such as requiring camera response function, sensor noise model, and a stream of preview images with different exposures (not accessible in some scenarios e.g. some mobile applications), we propose a novel deep neural network to automatically select exposure bracketing, named EBSNet, which is sufficiently flexible without having the above restrictions. EBSNet is formulated as a reinforced agent that is trained by maximizing rewards provided by a multi-exposure fusion network (MEFNet). By utilizing the illumination and semantic information extracted from just a single auto-exposure preview image, EBSNet can select an optimal exposure bracketing for multi-exposure fusion. EBSNet and MEFNet can be jointly trained to produce favorable results against recent state-of-the-art approaches. To facilitate future research, we provide a new benchmark dataset for multi-exposure selection and fusion.      
### 18.A New Unified Method for Detecting Text from Marathon Runners and Sports Players in Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12524.pdf)
>  Detecting text located on the torsos of marathon runners and sports players in video is a challenging issue due to poor quality and adverse effects caused by flexible/colorful clothing, and different structures of human bodies or actions. This paper presents a new unified method for tackling the above challenges. The proposed method fuses gradient magnitude and direction coherence of text pixels in a new way for detecting candidate regions. Candidate regions are used for determining the number of temporal frame clusters obtained by K-means clustering on frame differences. This process in turn detects key frames. The proposed method explores Bayesian probability for skin portions using color values at both pixel and component levels of temporal frames, which provides fused images with skin components. Based on skin information, the proposed method then detects faces and torsos by finding structural and spatial coherences between them. We further propose adaptive pixels linking a deep learning model for text detection from torso regions. The proposed method is tested on our own dataset collected from marathon/sports video and three standard datasets, namely, RBNR, MMM and R-ID of marathon images, to evaluate the performance. In addition, the proposed method is also tested on the standard natural scene datasets, namely, CTW1500 and MS-COCO text datasets, to show the objectiveness of the proposed method. A comparative study with the state-of-the-art methods on bib number/text detection of different datasets shows that the proposed method outperforms the existing methods.      
### 19.CalliGAN: Style and Structure-aware Chinese Calligraphy Character Generator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12500.pdf)
>  Chinese calligraphy is the writing of Chinese characters as an art form performed with brushes so Chinese characters are rich of shapes and details. Recent studies show that Chinese characters can be generated through image-to-image translation for multiple styles using a single model. We propose a novel method of this approach by incorporating Chinese characters' component information into its model. We also propose an improved network to convert characters to their embedding space. Experiments show that the proposed method generates high-quality Chinese calligraphy characters over state-of-the-art methods measured through numerical evaluations and human subject studies.      
### 20.Towards Fine-grained Human Pose Transfer with Detail Replenishing Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12494.pdf)
>  Human pose transfer (HPT) is an emerging research topic with huge potential in fashion design, media production, online advertising and virtual reality. For these applications, the visual realism of fine-grained appearance details is crucial for production quality and user engagement. However, existing HPT methods often suffer from three fundamental issues: detail deficiency, content ambiguity and style inconsistency, which severely degrade the visual quality and realism of generated images. Aiming towards real-world applications, we develop a more challenging yet practical HPT setting, termed as Fine-grained Human Pose Transfer (FHPT), with a higher focus on semantic fidelity and detail replenishment. Concretely, we analyze the potential design flaws of existing methods via an illustrative example, and establish the core FHPT methodology by combing the idea of content synthesis and feature transfer together in a mutually-guided fashion. Thereafter, we substantiate the proposed methodology with a Detail Replenishing Network (DRN) and a corresponding coarse-to-fine model training scheme. Moreover, we build up a complete suite of fine-grained evaluation protocols to address the challenges of FHPT in a comprehensive manner, including semantic analysis, structural detection and perceptual quality assessment. Extensive experiments on the DeepFashion benchmark dataset have verified the power of proposed benchmark against start-of-the-art works, with 12\%-14\% gain on top-10 retrieval recall, 5\% higher joint localization accuracy, and near 40\% gain on face identity preservation. Moreover, the evaluation results offer further insights to the subject matter, which could inspire many promising future works along this direction.      
### 21.Region-adaptive Texture Enhancement for Detailed Person Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12486.pdf)
>  The ability to produce convincing textural details is essential for the fidelity of synthesized person images. However, existing methods typically follow a ``warping-based'' strategy that propagates appearance features through the same pathway used for pose transfer. However, most fine-grained features would be lost due to down-sampling, leading to over-smoothed clothes and missing details in the output images. In this paper we presents RATE-Net, a novel framework for synthesizing person images with sharp texture details. The proposed framework leverages an additional texture enhancing module to extract appearance information from the source image and estimate a fine-grained residual texture map, which helps to refine the coarse estimation from the pose transfer module. In addition, we design an effective alternate updating strategy to promote mutual guidance between two modules for better shape and appearance consistency. Experiments conducted on DeepFashion benchmark dataset have demonstrated the superiority of our framework compared with existing networks.      
### 22.CARPe Posterum: A Convolutional Approach for Real-time Pedestrian Path Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12469.pdf)
>  Pedestrian path prediction is an essential topic in computer vision and video understanding. Having insight into the movement of pedestrians is crucial for ensuring safe operation in a variety of applications including autonomous vehicles, social robots, and environmental monitoring. Current works in this area utilize complex generative or recurrent methods to capture many possible futures. However, despite the inherent real-time nature of predicting future paths, little work has been done to explore accurate and computationally efficient approaches for this task. To this end, we propose a convolutional approach for real-time pedestrian path prediction, CARPe. It utilizes a variation of Graph Isomorphism Networks in combination with an agile convolutional neural network design to form a fast and accurate path prediction approach. Notable results in both inference speed and prediction accuracy are achieved, improving FPS by at least 8x in comparison to current state-of-the-art methods while delivering competitive accuracy on well-known path prediction datasets.      
### 23.Learning Robust Feature Representations for Scene Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12466.pdf)
>  Scene text detection based on deep neural networks have progressed substantially over the past years. However, previous state-of-the-art methods may still fall short when dealing with challenging public benchmarks because the performances of algorithm are determined by the robust features extraction and components in network architecture. To address this issue, we will present a network architecture derived from the loss to maximize conditional log-likelihood by optimizing the lower bound with a proper approximate posterior that has shown impressive performance in several generative models. In addition, by extending the layer of latent variables to multiple layers, the network is able to learn robust features on scale with no task-specific regularization or data augmentation. We provide a detailed analysis and show the results on three public benchmark datasets to confirm the efficiency and reliability of the proposed algorithm. In experiments, the proposed algorithm significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of both recall and precision. Specifically, it achieves an H-mean of 95.12 and 96.78 on ICDAR 2011 and ICDAR 2013, respectively.      
### 24.SegAttnGAN: Text to Image Generation with Segmentation Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12444.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel generative network (SegAttnGAN) that utilizes additional segmentation information for the text-to-image synthesis task. As the segmentation data introduced to the model provides useful guidance on the generator training, the proposed model can generate images with better realism quality and higher quantitative measures compared with the previous state-of-art methods. We achieved Inception Score of 4.84 on the CUB dataset and 3.52 on the Oxford-102 dataset. Besides, we tested the self-attention SegAttnGAN which uses generated segmentation data instead of masks from datasets for attention and achieved similar high-quality results, suggesting that our model can be adapted for the text-to-image synthesis task.      
### 25.Personalized Fashion Recommendation from Personal Social Media Data: An Item-to-Set Metric Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12439.pdf)
>  With the growth of online shopping for fashion products, accurate fashion recommendation has become a critical problem. Meanwhile, social networks provide an open and new data source for personalized fashion analysis. In this work, we study the problem of personalized fashion recommendation from social media data, i.e. recommending new outfits to social media users that fit their fashion preferences. To this end, we present an item-to-set metric learning framework that learns to compute the similarity between a set of historical fashion items of a user to a new fashion item. To extract features from multi-modal street-view fashion items, we propose an embedding module that performs multi-modality feature extraction and cross-modality gated fusion. To validate the effectiveness of our approach, we collect a real-world social media dataset. Extensive experiments on the collected dataset show the superior performance of our proposed approach.      
### 26.Network Bending: Manipulating The Inner Representations of Deep Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12420.pdf)
>  We introduce a new framework for interacting with and manipulating deep generative models that we call network bending. We present a comprehensive set of deterministic transformations that can be inserted as distinct layers into the computational graph of a trained generative neural network and applied during inference. In addition, we present a novel algorithm for clustering features based on their spatial activation maps. This allows features to be grouped together based on spatial similarity in an unsupervised fashion. This results in the meaningful manipulation of sets of features that correspond to the generation of a broad array of semantically significant aspects of the generated images. We demonstrate these transformations on the official pre-trained StyleGAN2 model trained on the FFHQ dataset. In doing so, we lay the groundwork for future interactive multimedia systems where the inner representation of deep generative models are manipulated for greater creative expression, whilst also increasing our understanding of how such "black-box systems" can be more meaningfully interpreted.      
### 27.Learning To Classify Images Without Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12320.pdf)
>  Is it possible to automatically classify images without the use of ground-truth annotations? Or when even the classes themselves, are not a priori known? These remain important, and open questions in computer vision. Several approaches have tried to tackle this problem in an end-to-end fashion. In this paper, we deviate from recent works, and advocate a two-step approach where feature learning and clustering are decoupled. First, a self-supervised task from representation learning is employed to obtain semantically meaningful features. Second, we use the obtained features as a prior in a learnable clustering approach. In doing so, we remove the ability for cluster learning to depend on low-level features, which is present in current end-to-end learning approaches. Experimental evaluation shows that we outperform state-of-the-art methods by huge margins, in particular +26.9% on CIFAR10, +21.5% on CIFAR100-20 and +11.7% on STL10 in terms of classification accuracy. Furthermore, results on ImageNet show that our approach is the first to scale well up to 200 randomly selected classes, obtaining 69.3% top-1 and 85.5% top-5 accuracy, and marking a difference of less than 7.5% with fully-supervised methods. Finally, we applied our approach to all 1000 classes on ImageNet, and found the results to be very encouraging. The code will be made publicly available.      
### 28.Identity-Preserving Realistic Talking Face Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12318.pdf)
>  Speech-driven facial animation is useful for a variety of applications such as telepresence, chatbots, etc. The necessary attributes of having a realistic face animation are 1) audio-visual synchronization (2) identity preservation of the target individual (3) plausible mouth movements (4) presence of natural eye blinks. The existing methods mostly address the audio-visual lip synchronization, and few recent works have addressed the synthesis of natural eye blinks for overall video realism. In this paper, we propose a method for identity-preserving realistic facial animation from speech. We first generate person-independent facial landmarks from audio using DeepSpeech features for invariance to different voices, accents, etc. To add realism, we impose eye blinks on facial landmarks using unsupervised learning and retargets the person-independent landmarks to person-specific landmarks to preserve the identity-related facial structure which helps in the generation of plausible mouth shapes of the target identity. Finally, we use LSGAN to generate the facial texture from person-specific facial landmarks, using an attention mechanism that helps to preserve identity-related texture. An extensive comparison of our proposed method with the current state-of-the-art methods demonstrates a significant improvement in terms of lip synchronization accuracy, image reconstruction quality, sharpness, and identity-preservation. A user study also reveals improved realism of our animation results over the state-of-the-art methods. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work in speech-driven 2D facial animation that simultaneously addresses all the above-mentioned attributes of a realistic speech-driven face animation.      
### 29.Towards computer-aided severity assessment: training and validation of deep neural networks for geographic extent and opacity extent scoring of chest X-rays for SARS-CoV-2 lung disease severity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12855.pdf)
>  Background: A critical step in effective care and treatment planning for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is the assessment of the severity of disease progression. Chest x-rays (CXRs) are often used to assess SARS-CoV-2 severity, with two important assessment metrics being extent of lung involvement and degree of opacity. In this proof-of-concept study, we assess the feasibility of computer-aided scoring of CXRs of SARS-CoV-2 lung disease severity using a deep learning system. <br>Materials and Methods: Data consisted of 130 CXRs from SARS-CoV-2 positive patient cases from the Cohen study. Geographic extent and opacity extent were scored by two board-certified expert chest radiologists (with 20+ years of experience) and a 2nd-year radiology resident. The deep neural networks used in this study are based on a COVID-Net network architecture. 100 versions of the network were independently learned (50 to perform geographic extent scoring and 50 to perform opacity extent scoring) using random subsets of CXRs from the Cohen study, and evaluated the networks using stratified Monte Carlo cross-validation experiments. <br>Findings: The deep neural networks yielded R$^2$ of 0.673 $\pm$ 0.004 and 0.636 $\pm$ 0.002 between predicted scores and radiologist scores for geographic extent and opacity extent, respectively, in stratified Monte Carlo cross-validation experiments. The best performing networks achieved R$^2$ of 0.865 and 0.746 between predicted scores and radiologist scores for geographic extent and opacity extent, respectively. <br>Interpretation: The results are promising and suggest that the use of deep neural networks on CXRs could be an effective tool for computer-aided assessment of SARS-CoV-2 lung disease severity, although additional studies are needed before adoption for routine clinical use.      
### 30.Local Motion Planner for Autonomous Navigation in Vineyards with a RGB-D Camera-Based Algorithm and Deep Learning Synergy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12815.pdf)
>  With the advent of agriculture 3.0 and 4.0, researchers are increasingly focusing on the development of innovative smart farming and precision agriculture technologies by introducing automation and robotics into the agricultural processes. Autonomous agricultural field machines have been gaining significant attention from farmers and industries to reduce costs, human workload, and required resources. Nevertheless, achieving sufficient autonomous navigation capabilities requires the simultaneous cooperation of different processes; localization, mapping, and path planning are just some of the steps that aim at providing to the machine the right set of skills to operate in semi-structured and unstructured environments. In this context, this study presents a low-cost local motion planner for autonomous navigation in vineyards based only on an RGB-D camera, low range hardware, and a dual layer control algorithm. The first algorithm exploits the disparity map and its depth representation to generate a proportional control for the robotic platform. Concurrently, a second back-up algorithm, based on representations learning and resilient to illumination variations, can take control of the machine in case of a momentaneous failure of the first block. Moreover, due to the double nature of the system, after initial training of the deep learning model with an initial dataset, the strict synergy between the two algorithms opens the possibility of exploiting new automatically labeled data, coming from the field, to extend the existing model knowledge. The machine learning algorithm has been trained and tested, using transfer learning, with acquired images during different field surveys in the North region of Italy and then optimized for on-device inference with model pruning and quantization. Finally, the overall system has been validated with a customized robot platform in the relevant environment.      
### 31.AlphaPilot: Autonomous Drone Racing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12813.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel system for autonomous, vision-based drone racing combining learned data abstraction, nonlinear filtering, and time-optimal trajectory planning. The system has successfully been deployed at the first autonomous drone racing world championship: the 2019 AlphaPilot Challenge. Contrary to traditional drone racing systems, which only detect the next gate, our approach makes use of any visible gate and takes advantage of multiple, simultaneous gate detections to compensate for drift in the state estimate and build a global map of the gates. The global map and drift-compensated state estimate allow the drone to navigate through the race course even when the gates are not immediately visible and further enable to plan a near time-optimal path through the race course in real time based on approximate drone dynamics. The proposed system has been demonstrated to successfully guide the drone through tight race courses reaching speeds up to 8m/s and ranked second at the 2019 AlphaPilot Challenge.      
### 32.JPAD-SE: High-Level Semantics for Joint Perception-Accuracy-Distortion Enhancement in Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12810.pdf)
>  While humans can effortlessly transform complex visual scenes into simple words and the other way around by leveraging their high-level understanding of the content, conventional or the more recent learned image compression codecs do not seem to utilize the semantic meanings of visual content to its full potential. Moreover, they focus mostly on rate-distortion and tend to underperform in perception quality especially in low bitrate regime, and often disregard the performance of downstream computer vision algorithms, which is a fast-growing consumer group of compressed images in addition to human viewers. In this paper, we (1) present a generic framework that can enable any image codec to leverage high-level semantics, and (2) study the joint optimization of perception quality, accuracy of downstream computer vision task, and distortion. Our idea is that given any codec, we utilize high-level semantics to augment the low-level visual features extracted by it and produce essentially a new, semantic-aware codec. And we argue that semantic enhancement implicitly optimizes rate-perception-accuracy-distortion (R-PAD) performance. To validate our claim, we perform extensive empirical evaluations and provide both quantitative and qualitative results.      
### 33.A Deep Learning based Fast Signed Distance Map Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12662.pdf)
>  Signed distance map (SDM) is a common representation of surfaces in medical image analysis and machine learning. The computational complexity of SDM for 3D parametric shapes is often a bottleneck in many applications, thus limiting their interest. In this paper, we propose a learning based SDM generation neural network which is demonstrated on a tridimensional cochlea shape model parameterized by 4 shape parameters. The proposed SDM Neural Network generates a cochlea signed distance map depending on four input parameters and we show that the deep learning approach leads to a 60 fold improvement in the time of computation compared to more classical SDM generation methods. Therefore, the proposed approach achieves a good trade-off between accuracy and efficiency.      
### 34.Perceptual Extreme Super Resolution Network with Receptive Field Block  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12597.pdf)
>  Perceptual Extreme Super-Resolution for single image is extremely difficult, because the texture details of different images vary greatly. To tackle this difficulty, we develop a super resolution network with receptive field block based on Enhanced SRGAN. We call our network RFB-ESRGAN. The key contributions are listed as follows. First, for the purpose of extracting multi-scale information and enhance the feature discriminability, we applied receptive field block (RFB) to super resolution. RFB has achieved competitive results in object detection and classification. Second, instead of using large convolution kernels in multi-scale receptive field block, several small kernels are used in RFB, which makes us be able to extract detailed features and reduce the computation complexity. Third, we alternately use different upsampling methods in the upsampling stage to reduce the high computation complexity and still remain satisfactory performance. Fourth, we use the ensemble of 10 models of different iteration to improve the robustness of model and reduce the noise introduced by each individual model. Our experimental results show the superior performance of RFB-ESRGAN. According to the preliminary results of NTIRE 2020 Perceptual Extreme Super-Resolution Challenge, our solution ranks first among all the participants.      
### 35.Unsupervised Brain Abnormality Detection Using High Fidelity Image Reconstruction Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12573.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have facilitated near-expert medical image analysis. Supervised learning is the mainstay of current approaches, though its success requires the use of large, fully labeled datasets. However, in real-world medical practice, previously unseen disease phenotypes are encountered that have not been defined a priori in finite-size datasets. Unsupervised learning, a hypothesis-free learning framework, may play a complementary role to supervised learning. Here, we demonstrate a novel framework for voxel-wise abnormality detection in brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), which exploits an image reconstruction network based on an introspective variational autoencoder trained with a structural similarity constraint. The proposed network learns a latent representation for "normal" anatomical variation using a series of images that do not include annotated abnormalities. After training, the network can map unseen query images to positions in the latent space, and latent variables sampled from those positions can be mapped back to the image space to yield normal-looking replicas of the input images. Finally, the network considers abnormality scores, which are designed to reflect differences at several image feature levels, in order to locate image regions that may contain abnormalities. The proposed method is evaluated on a comprehensively annotated dataset spanning clinically significant structural abnormalities of the brain parenchyma in a population having undergone radiotherapy for brain metastasis, demonstrating that it is particularly effective for contrast-enhanced lesions, i.e., metastatic brain tumors and extracranial metastatic tumors.      
### 36.DeepRetinotopy: Predicting the Functional Organization of Human Visual Cortex from Structural MRI Data using Geometric Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12513.pdf)
>  Whether it be in a man-made machine or a biological system, form and function are often directly related. In the latter, however, this particular relationship is often unclear due to the intricate nature of biology. Here we developed a geometric deep learning model capable of exploiting the actual structure of the cortex to learn the complex relationship between brain function and anatomy from structural and functional MRI data. Our model was not only able to predict the functional organization of human visual cortex from anatomical properties alone, but it was also able to predict nuanced variations across individuals.      
