# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 9 May 2019
### 1.End-to-End Wireframe Parsing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03246.pdf)
>  We present a conceptually simple yet effective algorithm to detect wireframes in a given image. Compared to the previous methods which first predict an intermediate heat map and then extract straight lines with heuristic algorithms, our method is end-to-end trainable and can directly output a vectorized wireframe that contains semantically meaningful and geometrically salient junctions and lines. To better understand the quality of the outputs, we propose a new metric for wireframe evaluation that penalizes overlapped line segments and incorrect line connectivities. We conduct extensive experiments and show that our method significantly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art wireframe and line extraction algorithms. We hope our simple approach can be served as a baseline for future wireframe parsing studies. Code has been made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhou13/lcnn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 2.Convolutional Mesh Regression for Single-Image Human Shape Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03244.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of 3D human pose and shape estimation from a single image. Previous approaches consider a parametric model of the human body, SMPL, and attempt to regress the model parameters that give rise to a mesh consistent with image evidence. This parameter regression has been a very challenging task, with model-based approaches underperforming compared to nonparametric solutions in terms of pose estimation. In our work, we propose to relax this heavy reliance on the model's parameter space. We still retain the topology of the SMPL template mesh, but instead of predicting model parameters, we directly regress the 3D location of the mesh vertices. This is a heavy task for a typical network, but our key insight is that the regression becomes significantly easier using a Graph-CNN. This architecture allows us to explicitly encode the template mesh structure within the network and leverage the spatial locality the mesh has to offer. Image-based features are attached to the mesh vertices and the Graph-CNN is responsible to process them on the mesh structure, while the regression target for each vertex is its 3D location. Having recovered the complete 3D geometry of the mesh, if we still require a specific model parametrization, this can be reliably regressed from the vertices locations. We demonstrate the flexibility and the effectiveness of our proposed graph-based mesh regression by attaching different types of features on the mesh vertices. In all cases, we outperform the comparable baselines relying on model parameter regression, while we also achieve state-of-the-art results among model-based pose estimation approaches. 
### 3.Endoscopy artifact detection (EAD 2019) challenge dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03209.pdf)
>  Endoscopic artifacts are a core challenge in facilitating the diagnosis and treatment of diseases in hollow organs. Precise detection of specific artifacts like pixel saturations, motion blur, specular reflections, bubbles and debris is essential for high-quality frame restoration and is crucial for realizing reliable computer-assisted tools for improved patient care. At present most videos in endoscopy are currently not analyzed due to the abundant presence of multi-class artifacts in video frames. Through the endoscopic artifact detection (EAD 2019) challenge, we address this key bottleneck problem by solving the accurate identification and localization of endoscopic frame artifacts to enable further key quantitative analysis of unusable video frames such as mosaicking and 3D reconstruction which is crucial for delivering improved patient care. This paper summarizes the challenge tasks and describes the dataset and evaluation criteria established in the EAD 2019 challenge. 
### 4.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation using Generative Adversarial Networks for Semantic Segmentation of Aerial Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03198.pdf)
>  Segmenting aerial images is being of great potential in surveillance and scene understanding of urban areas. It provides a mean for automatic reporting of the different events that happen in inhabited areas. This remarkably promotes public safety and traffic management applications. After the wide adoption of convolutional neural networks methods, the accuracy of semantic segmentation algorithms could easily surpass 80% if a robust dataset is provided. Despite this success, the deployment of a pre-trained segmentation model to survey a new city that is not included in the training set significantly decreases the accuracy. This is due to the domain shift between the source dataset on which the model is trained and the new target domain of the new city images. In this paper, we address this issue and consider the challenge of domain adaptation in semantic segmentation of aerial images. We design an algorithm that reduces the domain shift impact using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). In the experiments, we test the proposed methodology on the International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing (ISPRS) semantic segmentation dataset and found that our method improves the overall accuracy from 35% to 52% when passing from Potsdam domain (considered as source domain) to Vaihingen domain (considered as target domain). In addition, the method allows recovering efficiently the inverted classes due to sensor variation. In particular, it improves the average segmentation accuracy of the inverted classes due to sensor variation from 14% to 61%. 
### 5.Thinking Outside the Box: Generation of Unconstrained 3D Room Layouts  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03105.pdf)
>  We propose a method for room layout estimation that does not rely on the typical box approximation or Manhattan world assumption. Instead, we reformulate the geometry inference problem as an instance detection task, which we solve by directly regressing 3D planes using an R-CNN. We then use a variant of probabilistic clustering to combine the 3D planes regressed at each frame in a video sequence, with their respective camera poses, into a single global 3D room layout estimate. Finally, we showcase results which make no assumptions about perpendicular alignment, so can deal effectively with walls in any alignment. 
### 6.Capture, Learning, and Synthesis of 3D Speaking Styles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03079.pdf)
>  Audio-driven 3D facial animation has been widely explored, but achieving realistic, human-like performance is still unsolved. This is due to the lack of available 3D datasets, models, and standard evaluation metrics. To address this, we introduce a unique 4D face dataset with about 29 minutes of 4D scans captured at 60 fps and synchronized audio from 12 speakers. We then train a neural network on our dataset that factors identity from facial motion. The learned model, VOCA (Voice Operated Character Animation) takes any speech signal as input - even speech in languages other than English - and realistically animates a wide range of adult faces. Conditioning on subject labels during training allows the model to learn a variety of realistic speaking styles. VOCA also provides animator controls to alter speaking style, identity-dependent facial shape, and pose (i.e. head, jaw, and eyeball rotations) during animation. To our knowledge, VOCA is the only realistic 3D facial animation model that is readily applicable to unseen subjects without retargeting. This makes VOCA suitable for tasks like in-game video, virtual reality avatars, or any scenario in which the speaker, speech, or language is not known in advance. We make the dataset and model available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://voca.is.tue.mpg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 7.Training a Fast Object Detector for LiDAR Range Images Using Labeled Data from Sensors with Higher Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03066.pdf)
>  This paper presents an efficient model for object detection from LiDAR sensors in self-driving cars and a strategy to train the model using data from a different type of LiDAR sensor. Currently, the highest performing algorithms for object detection from LiDAR measurements are based on neural networks. Training these networks using supervised learning requires large annotated datasets. This has led to the situation that most research using neural networks for object detection from LiDAR point clouds is done on a very small number of publicly available datasets and a very small number of sensor types. This paper uses an existing annotated dataset to train a neural network that can be used with a LiDAR sensor that has a lower resolution than the one used for recording the annotated dataset. This is done by simulating data from the lower resolution LiDAR sensor based on the higher resolution dataset. Furthermore, improvements to models that use LiDAR range images for object detection are presented. The results are validated both on simulated sensor data and on data from an actual lower resolution sensor mounted to a research vehicle. It is shown, that the model can predict objects from 360° range images in real time. 
### 8.Automatic Video Colorization using 3D Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03023.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a method for automatic colorization of grayscale videos. The core of the method is a Generative Adversarial Network that is trained and tested on sequences of frames in a sliding window manner. Network convolutional and deconvolutional layers are three-dimensional, with frame height, width and time as the dimensions taken into account. Multiple chrominance estimates per frame are aggregated and combined with available luminance information to recreate a colored sequence. Colorization trials are run succesfully on a dataset of old black-and-white films. The usefulness of our method is also validated with numerical results, computed with a newly proposed metric that measures colorization consistency over a frame sequence. 
### 9.A Genetic Algorithm Enabled Similarity-Based Attack on Cancellable Biometrics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03021.pdf)
>  Cancellable biometrics (CB) as a means for biometric template protection approach refers to an irreversible yet similarity preserving transformation on the original template. With similarity preserving property, the matching between template and query instance can be performed in the transform domain without jeopardizing accuracy performance. Unfortunately, this trait invites a class of attack, namely similarity-based attack (SA). SA produces a preimage, an inverse of transformed template, which can be exploited for impersonation and cross-matching. In this paper, we propose a Genetic Algorithm enabled similarity-based attack framework (GASAF) to demonstrate that CB schemes whose possess similarity preserving property are highly vulnerable to similarity-based attack. Besides that, a set of new metrics is designed to measure the effectiveness of the similarity-based attack. We conduct the experiment on two representative CB schemes, i.e. BioHashing and Bloom-filter. The experimental results attest the vulnerability under this type of attack. 
### 10.Algorithms for Grey-Weighted Distance Computations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03017.pdf)
>  With the increasing size of datasets and demand for real time response for interactive applications, improving runtime for algorithms with excessive computational requirements has become increasingly important. Many different algorithms combining efficient priority queues with various helper structures have been proposed for computing grey-weighted distance transforms. Here we compare the performance of popular competitive algorithms in different scenarios to form practical guidelines easy to adopt. The label-setting category of algorithms is shown to be the best choice for all scenarios. The hierarchical heap with a pointer array to keep track of nodes on the heap is shown to be the best choice as priority queue. However, if memory is a critical issue, then the best choice is the Dial priority queue for integer valued costs and the Untidy priority queue for real valued costs. 
### 11.Multi-task human analysis in still images: 2D/3D pose, depth map, and multi-part segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03003.pdf)
>  While many individual tasks in the domain of human analysis have recently received an accuracy boost from deep learning approaches, multi-task learning has mostly been ignored due to a lack of data. New synthetic datasets are being released, filling this gap with synthetic generated data. In this work, we analyze four related human analysis tasks in still images in a multi-task scenario by leveraging such datasets. Specifically, we study the correlation of 2D/3D pose estimation, body part segmentation and full-body depth estimation. These tasks are learned via the well-known Stacked Hourglass module such that each of the task-specific streams shares information with the others. The main goal is to analyze how training together these four related tasks can benefit each individual task for a better generalization. Results on the newly released SURREAL dataset show that all four tasks benefit from the multi-task approach, but with different combinations of tasks: while combining all four tasks improves 2D pose estimation the most, 2D pose improves neither 3D pose nor full-body depth estimation. On the other hand 2D parts segmentation can benefit from 2D pose but not from 3D pose. In all cases, as expected, the maximum improvement is achieved on those human body parts that show more variability in terms of spatial distribution, appearance and shape, e.g. wrists and ankles. 
### 12.Multimodal Semantic Attention Network for Video Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02963.pdf)
>  Inspired by the fact that different modalities in videos carry complementary information, we propose a Multimodal Semantic Attention Network(MSAN), which is a new encoder-decoder framework incorporating multimodal semantic attributes for video captioning. In the encoding phase, we detect and generate multimodal semantic attributes by formulating it as a multi-label classification problem. Moreover, we add auxiliary classification loss to our model that can obtain more effective visual features and high-level multimodal semantic attribute distributions for sufficient video encoding. In the decoding phase, we extend each weight matrix of the conventional LSTM to an ensemble of attribute-dependent weight matrices, and employ attention mechanism to pay attention to different attributes at each time of the captioning process. We evaluate algorithm on two popular public benchmarks: MSVD and MSR-VTT, achieving competitive results with current state-of-the-art across six evaluation metrics. 
### 13.Deep Blind Video Decaptioning by Temporal Aggregation and Recurrence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02949.pdf)
>  Blind video decaptioning is a problem of automatically removing text overlays and inpainting the occluded parts in videos without any input masks. While recent deep learning based inpainting methods deal with a single image and mostly assume that the positions of the corrupted pixels are known, we aim at automatic text removal in video sequences without mask information. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective framework for fast blind video decaptioning. We construct an encoder-decoder model, where the encoder takes multiple source frames that can provide visible pixels revealed from the scene dynamics. These hints are aggregated and fed into the decoder. We apply a residual connection from the input frame to the decoder output to enforce our network to focus on the corrupted regions only. Our proposed model was ranked in the first place in the ECCV Chalearn 2018 LAP Inpainting Competition Track2: Video decaptioning. In addition, we further improve this strong model by applying a recurrent feedback. The recurrent feedback not only enforces temporal coherence but also provides strong clues on where the corrupted pixels are. Both qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate that our full model produces accurate and temporally consistent video results in real time (50+ fps). 
### 14.Photometric Transformer Networks and Label Adjustment for Breast Density Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02906.pdf)
>  Grading breast density is highly sensitive to normalization settings of digital mammogram as the density is tightly correlated with the distribution of pixel intensity. Also, the grade varies with readers due to uncertain grading criteria. These issues are inherent in the density assessment of digital mammography. They are problematic when designing a computer-aided prediction model for breast density and become worse if the data comes from multiple sites. In this paper, we proposed two novel deep learning techniques for breast density prediction: 1) photometric transformation which adaptively normalizes the input mammograms, and 2) label distillation which adjusts the label by using its output prediction. The photometric transformer network predicts optimal parameters for photometric transformation on the fly, learned jointly with the main prediction network. The label distillation, a type of pseudo-label techniques, is intended to mitigate the grading variation. We experimentally showed that the proposed methods are beneficial in terms of breast density prediction, resulting in significant performance improvement compared to various previous approaches. 
### 15.Deep Flow-Guided Video Inpainting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02884.pdf)
>  Video inpainting, which aims at filling in missing regions of a video, remains challenging due to the difficulty of preserving the precise spatial and temporal coherence of video contents. In this work we propose a novel flow-guided video inpainting approach. Rather than filling in the RGB pixels of each frame directly, we consider video inpainting as a pixel propagation problem. We first synthesize a spatially and temporally coherent optical flow field across video frames using a newly designed Deep Flow Completion network. Then the synthesized flow field is used to guide the propagation of pixels to fill up the missing regions in the video. Specifically, the Deep Flow Completion network follows a coarse-to-fine refinement to complete the flow fields, while their quality is further improved by hard flow example mining. Following the guide of the completed flow, the missing video regions can be filled up precisely. Our method is evaluated on DAVIS and YouTube-VOS datasets qualitatively and quantitatively, achieving the state-of-the-art performance in terms of inpainting quality and speed. 
### 16.Frame-Recurrent Video Inpainting by Robust Optical Flow Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02882.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a new inpainting framework for recovering missing regions of video frames. Compared with image inpainting, performing this task on video presents new challenges such as how to preserving temporal consistency and spatial details, as well as how to handle arbitrary input video size and length fast and efficiently. Towards this end, we propose a novel deep learning architecture which incorporates ConvLSTM and optical flow for modeling the spatial-temporal consistency in videos. It also saves much computational resource such that our method can handle videos with larger frame size and arbitrary length streamingly in real-time. Furthermore, to generate an accurate optical flow from corrupted frames, we propose a robust flow generation module, where two sources of flows are fed and a flow blending network is trained to fuse them. We conduct extensive experiments to evaluate our method in various scenarios and different datasets, both qualitatively and quantitatively. The experimental results demonstrate the superior of our method compared with the state-of-the-art inpainting approaches. 
### 17.Neural 3D Morphable Models: Spiral Convolutional Networks for 3D Shape Representation Learning and Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02876.pdf)
>  Generative models for 3D geometric data arise in many important applications in 3D computer vision and graphics. In this paper, we focus on 3D deformable shapes that share a common topological structure, such as human faces and bodies. Morphable Models were among the first attempts to create compact representations for such shapes; despite their effectiveness and simplicity, such models have limited representation power due to their linear formulation. Recently, non-linear learnable methods have been proposed, although most of them resort to intermediate representations, such as 3D grids of voxels or 2D views. In this paper, we introduce a convolutional mesh autoencoder and a GAN architecture based on the spiral convolutional operator, acting directly on the mesh and leveraging its underlying geometric structure. We provide an analysis of our convolution operator and demonstrate state-of-the-art results on 3D shape datasets compared to the linear Morphable Model and the recently proposed COMA model. 
### 18.Learning Cascaded Siamese Networks for High Performance Visual Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02857.pdf)
>  Visual tracking is one of the most challenging computer vision problems. In order to achieve high performance visual tracking in various negative scenarios, a novel cascaded Siamese network is proposed and developed based on two different deep learning networks: a matching subnetwork and a classification subnetwork. The matching subnetwork is a fully convolutional Siamese network. According to the similarity score between the exemplar image and the candidate image, it aims to search possible object positions and crop scaled candidate patches. The classification subnetwork is designed to further evaluate the cropped candidate patches and determine the optimal tracking results based on the classification score. The matching subnetwork is trained offline and fixed online, while the classification subnetwork performs stochastic gradient descent online to learn more target-specific information. To improve the tracking performance further, an effective classification subnetwork update method based on both similarity and classification scores is utilized for updating the classification subnetwork. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art performance in recent benchmarks. 
### 19.Goal-oriented Object Importance Estimation in On-road Driving Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02848.pdf)
>  We formulate a new problem as Object Importance Estimation (OIE) in on-road driving videos, where the road users are considered as important objects if they have influence on the control decision of the ego-vehicle's driver. The importance of a road user depends on both its visual dynamics, e.g., appearance, motion and location, in the driving scene and the driving goal, \emph{e.g}., the planned path, of the ego vehicle. We propose a novel framework that incorporates both visual model and goal representation to conduct OIE. To evaluate our framework, we collect an on-road driving dataset at traffic intersections in the real world and conduct human-labeled annotation of the important objects. Experimental results show that our goal-oriented method outperforms baselines and has much more improvement on the left-turn and right-turn scenarios. Furthermore, we explore the possibility of using object importance for driving control prediction and demonstrate that binary brake prediction can be improved with the information of object importance. 
### 20.FANTrack: 3D Multi-Object Tracking with Feature Association Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02843.pdf)
>  We propose a data-driven approach to online multi-object tracking (MOT) that uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) for data association in a tracking-by-detection framework. The problem of multi-target tracking aims to assign noisy detections to a-priori unknown and time-varying number of tracked objects across a sequence of frames. A majority of the existing solutions focus on either tediously designing cost functions or formulating the task of data association as a complex optimization problem that can be solved effectively. Instead, we exploit the power of deep learning to formulate the data association problem as inference in a CNN. To this end, we propose to learn a similarity function that combines cues from both image and spatial features of objects. Our solution learns to perform global assignments in 3D purely from data, handles noisy detections and a varying number of targets, and is easy to train. We evaluate our approach on the challenging KITTI dataset and show competitive results. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.uwaterloo.ca/wise-lab/fantrack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 21.LightTrack: A Generic Framework for Online Top-Down Human Pose Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02822.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel effective light-weight framework, called LightTrack, for online human pose tracking. The proposed framework is designed to be generic for top-down pose tracking and is faster than existing online and offline methods. Single-person Pose Tracking (SPT) and Visual Object Tracking (VOT) are incorporated into one unified functioning entity, easily implemented by a replaceable single-person pose estimation module. Our framework unifies single-person pose tracking with multi-person identity association and sheds first light upon bridging keypoint tracking with object tracking. We also propose a Siamese Graph Convolution Network (SGCN) for human pose matching as a Re-ID module in our pose tracking system. In contrary to other Re-ID modules, we use a graphical representation of human joints for matching. The skeleton-based representation effectively captures human pose similarity and is computationally inexpensive. It is robust to sudden camera shift that introduces human drifting. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first paper to propose an online human pose tracking framework in a top-down fashion. The proposed framework is general enough to fit other pose estimators and candidate matching mechanisms. Our method outperforms other online methods while maintaining a much higher frame rate, and is very competitive with our offline state-of-the-art. We make the code publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Guanghan/lighttrack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 22.Skin Lesion Classification Using CNNs with Patch-Based Attention and Diagnosis-Guided Loss Weighting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02793.pdf)
>  Objective: This work addresses two key problems of skin lesion classification. The first problem is the effective use of high-resolution images with pretrained standard architectures for image classification. The second problem is the high class imbalance encountered in real-world multi-class datasets. Methods: To use high-resolution images, we propose a novel patch-based attention architecture that provides global context between small, high-resolution patches. We modify three pretrained architectures and study the performance of patch-based attention. To counter class imbalance problems, we compare oversampling, balanced batch sampling, and class-specific loss weighting. Additionally, we propose a novel diagnosis-guided loss weighting method which takes the method used for ground-truth annotation into account. Results: Our patch-based attention mechanism outperforms previous methods and improves the mean sensitivity by 7%. Class balancing significantly improves the mean sensitivity and we show that our diagnosis-guided loss weighting method improves the mean sensitivity by 3% over normal loss balancing. Conclusion: The novel patch-based attention mechanism can be integrated into pretrained architectures and provides global context between local patches while outperforming other patch-based methods. Hence, pretrained architectures can be readily used with high-resolution images without downsampling. The new diagnosis-guided loss weighting method outperforms other methods and allows for effective training when facing class imbalance. Significance: The proposed methods improve automatic skin lesion classification. They can be extended to other clinical applications where high-resolution image data and class imbalance are relevant. 
### 23.Robust Dense Mapping for Large-Scale Dynamic Environments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02781.pdf)
>  We present a stereo-based dense mapping algorithm for large-scale dynamic urban environments. In contrast to other existing methods, we simultaneously reconstruct the static background, the moving objects, and the potentially moving but currently stationary objects separately, which is desirable for high-level mobile robotic tasks such as path planning in crowded environments. We use both instance-aware semantic segmentation and sparse scene flow to classify objects as either background, moving, or potentially moving, thereby ensuring that the system is able to model objects with the potential to transition from static to dynamic, such as parked cars. Given camera poses estimated from visual odometry, both the background and the (potentially) moving objects are reconstructed separately by fusing the depth maps computed from the stereo input. In addition to visual odometry, sparse scene flow is also used to estimate the 3D motions of the detected moving objects, in order to reconstruct them accurately. A map pruning technique is further developed to improve reconstruction accuracy and reduce memory consumption, leading to increased scalability. We evaluate our system thoroughly on the well-known KITTI dataset. Our system is capable of running on a PC at approximately 2.5Hz, with the primary bottleneck being the instance-aware semantic segmentation, which is a limitation we hope to address in future work. The source code is available from the project website (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://andreibarsan.github.io/dynslam" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>). 
### 24.Generalization ability of region proposal networks for multispectral person detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02758.pdf)
>  Multispectral person detection aims at automatically localizing humans in images that consist of multiple spectral bands. Usually, the visual-optical (VIS) and the thermal infrared (IR) spectra are combined to achieve higher robustness for person detection especially in insufficiently illuminated scenes. This paper focuses on analyzing existing detection approaches for their generalization ability. Generalization is a key feature for machine learning based detection algorithms that are supposed to perform well across different datasets. Inspired by recent literature regarding person detection in the VIS spectrum, we perform a cross-validation study to empirically determine the most promising dataset to train a well-generalizing detector. Therefore, we pick one reference Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) architecture and three different multispectral datasets. The Region Proposal Network (RPN) originally introduced for object detection within the popular Faster R-CNN is chosen as a reference DCNN. The reason is that a stand-alone RPN is able to serve as a competitive detector for two-class problems such as person detection. Furthermore, current state-of-the-art approaches initially apply an RPN followed by individual classifiers. The three considered datasets are the KAIST Multispectral Pedestrian Benchmark including recently published improved annotations for training and testing, the Tokyo Multi-spectral Semantic Segmentation dataset, and the OSU Color-Thermal dataset including recently released annotations. The experimental results show that the KAIST Multispectral Pedestrian Benchmark with its improved annotations provides the best basis to train a DCNN with good generalization ability compared to the other two multispectral datasets. On average, this detection model achieves a log-average Miss Rate (MR) of 29.74 % evaluated on the reasonable test subsets of the three datasets. 
### 25.Uncertainty Modeling of Contextual-Connection between Tracklets for Unconstrained Video-based Face Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02756.pdf)
>  Unconstrained video-based face recognition is a challenging problem due to significant within-video variations caused by pose, occlusion and blur. To tackle this problem, an effective idea is to propagate the identity from high-quality faces to low-quality ones through contextual connections, which are constructed based on context such as body appearance. However, previous methods have often propagated erroneous information due to lack of uncertainty modeling of the noisy contextual connections. In this paper, we propose the Uncertainty-Gated Graph (UGG), which conducts graph-based identity propagation between tracklets, which are represented by nodes in a graph. UGG explicitly models the uncertainty of the contextual connections by adaptively updating the weights of the edge gates according to the identity distributions of the nodes during inference. UGG is a generic graphical model that can be applied at only inference time or with end-to-end training. We demonstrate the effectiveness of UGG with state-of-the-art results in the recently released challenging Cast Search in Movies and IARPA Janus Surveillance Video Benchmark dataset. 
### 26.DeepSWIR: A Deep Learning Based Approach for the Synthesis of Short-Wave InfraRed Band using Multi-Sensor Concurrent Datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02749.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is achieving remarkable progress in various computer vision tasks. In the past few years, the remote sensing community has observed Deep Neural Network (DNN) finally taking off in several challenging fields. In this study, we propose a DNN to generate a predefined High Resolution (HR) synthetic spectral band using an ensemble of concurrent Low Resolution (LR) bands and existing HR bands. Of particular interest, the proposed network, namely DeepSWIR, synthesizes Short-Wave InfraRed (SWIR) band at 5m Ground Sampling Distance (GSD) using Green (G), Red (R) and Near InfraRed (NIR) bands at both 24m and 5m GSD, and SWIR band at 24m GSD. To our knowledge, the highest spatial resolution of commercially deliverable SWIR band is at 7.5m GSD. Also, we propose a Gaussian feathering based image stitching approach in light of processing large satellite imagery. To experimentally validate the synthesized HR SWIR band, we critically analyse the qualitative and quantitative results produced by DeepSWIR using state-of-the-art evaluation metrics. Further, we convert the synthesized DN values to Top Of Atmosphere (TOA) reflectance and compare with the corresponding band of Sentinel-2B. Finally, we show one real world application of the synthesized band by using it to map wetland resources over our region of interest. 
### 27.Inverse Rendering for Complex Indoor Scenes: Shape, Spatially-Varying Lighting and SVBRDF from a Single Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02722.pdf)
>  We propose a deep inverse rendering framework for indoor scenes. From a single RGB image of an arbitrary indoor scene, we create a complete scene reconstruction, estimating shape, spatially-varying lighting, and spatially-varying, non-Lambertian surface reflectance. To train this network, we augment the SUNCG indoor scene dataset with real-world materials and render them with a fast, high-quality, physically-based GPU renderer to create a large-scale, photorealistic indoor dataset. Our inverse rendering network incorporates physical insights -- including a spatially-varying spherical Gaussian lighting representation, a differentiable rendering layer to model scene appearance, a cascade structure to iteratively refine the predictions and a bilateral solver for refinement -- allowing us to jointly reason about shape, lighting, and reflectance. Experiments show that our framework outperforms previous methods for estimating individual scene components, which also enables various novel applications for augmented reality, such as photorealistic object insertion and material editing. Code and data will be made publicly available. 
### 28.Interpretation of Feature Space using Multi-Channel Attentional Sub-Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02719.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks have achieved impressive results in various tasks, but interpreting the internal mechanism is a challenging problem. To tackle this problem, we exploit a multi-channel attention mechanism in feature space. Our network architecture allows us to obtain an attention mask for each feature while existing CNN visualization methods provide only a common attention mask for all features. We apply the proposed multi-channel attention mechanism to multi-attribute recognition task. We can obtain different attention mask for each feature and for each attribute. Those analyses give us deeper insight into the feature space of CNNs. The experimental results for the benchmark dataset show that the proposed method gives high interpretability to humans while accurately grasping the attributes of the data. 
### 29.Image-based reconstruction for strong-nonlinear transient problems by using an enhanced ReConNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03229.pdf)
>  With the improvement of pattern recognition and feature extraction of the Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), more and more problems are attempted to solve from the view of images. Recently, the Reconstructive Neural Network (ReConNN) was proposed to obtain an image-based model from an analysis-based model, which can help us to solve many high frequency problems with difficult sampling, e.g. sonic wave and impact. However, because the researched problems are most slightly changed process, the low-accuracy of the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and poor-diversity of the Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) make the reconstruction process low-accuracy, poor-efficiency, expensive-computation, and high-manpower. In this study, an improved ReConNN model is proposed to address the mentioned weaknesses. Through experiments, comparisons and analyses, the improved one is demonstrated to outperform in accuracy, efficiency and cost. 
### 30.Evaluating the Stability of Recurrent Neural Models during Training with Eigenvalue Spectra Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03219.pdf)
>  We analyze the stability of recurrent networks, specifically, reservoir computing models during training by evaluating the eigenvalue spectra of the reservoir dynamics. To circumvent the instability arising in examining a closed loop reservoir system with feedback, we propose to break the closed loop system. Essentially, we unroll the reservoir dynamics over time while incorporating the feedback effects that preserve the overall temporal integrity of the system. We evaluate our methodology for fixed point and time varying targets with least squares regression and FORCE training, respectively. Our analysis establishes eigenvalue spectra (which is, shrinking of spectral circle as training progresses) as a valid and effective metric to gauge the convergence of training as well as the convergence of the chaotic activity of the reservoir toward stable states. 
### 31.Human Gait Database for Normal Walk Collected by Smart Phone Accelerometer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03109.pdf)
>  The goal of this study is to introduce a comprehensive gait database of 93 human subjects who walked between two end points during two different sessions and record their gait data using two smart phones, one was attached to right thigh and another one on left side of waist. This data is collected with intention to be utilized by deep learning-based method which requires enough time points. The meta data including age, gender, smoking, daily exercise time, height, and weight of an individual is recorded. this data set is publicly available. 
### 32.Unsupervised Learning through Temporal Smoothing and Entropy Maximization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03100.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method for machine learning from unlabeled data in the form of a time-series. The mapping that is learned is shown to extract slowly evolving information that would be useful for control applications, while efficiently filtering out unwanted, higher-frequency noise. <br>The method consists of training a feedforward artificial neural network with backpropagation using two opposing objectives. <br>The first of these is to minimize the squared changes in activations between time steps of each unit in the network. This "temporal smoothing" has the effect of correlating inputs that occur close in time with outputs that are close in the L2-norm. <br>The second objective is to maximize the log determinant of the covariance matrix of activations in each layer of the network. This objective ensures that information from each layer is passed through to the next. This second objective acts as a balance to the first, which on its own would result in a network with all input weights equal to zero. 
### 33.PiNet: A Permutation Invariant Graph Neural Network for Graph Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03046.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end deep learning learning model for graph classification and representation learning that is invariant to permutation of the nodes of the input graphs. We address the challenge of learning a fixed size graph representation for graphs of varying dimensions through a differentiable node attention pooling mechanism. In addition to a theoretical proof of its invariance to permutation, we provide empirical evidence demonstrating the statistically significant gain in accuracy when faced with an isomorphic graph classification task given only a small number of training examples. We analyse the effect of four different matrices to facilitate the local message passing mechanism by which graph convolutions are performed vs. a matrix parametrised by a learned parameter pair able to transition smoothly between the former. Finally, we show that our model achieves competitive classification performance with existing techniques on a set of molecule datasets. 
### 34.3d-SMRnet: Achieving a new quality of MPI system matrix recovery by deep learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03026.pdf)
>  Magnetic particle imaging (MPI) data is commonly reconstructed using a system matrix acquired in a time-consuming calibration measurement. The calibration approach has the important advantage over model-based reconstruction that it takes the complex particle physics as well as system imperfections into account. This benefit comes for the cost that the system matrix needs to be re-calibrated whenever the scan parameters, particle types or even the particle environment (e.g. viscosity or temperature) changes. One route for reducing the calibration time is the sampling of the system matrix at a subset of the spatial positions of the intended field-of-view and employing system matrix recovery. Recent approaches used compressed sensing (CS) and achieved subsampling factors up to 28 that still allowed reconstructing MPI images of sufficient quality. In this work, we propose a novel framework with a 3d-System Matrix Recovery Network and demonstrate it to recover a 3d system matrix with a subsampling factor of 64 in less than one minute and to outperform CS in terms of system matrix quality, reconstructed image quality, and processing time. The advantage of our method is demonstrated by reconstructing open access MPI datasets. The model is further shown to be capable of inferring system matrices for different particle types. 
### 35.ShapeGlot: Learning Language for Shape Differentiation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02925.pdf)
>  In this work we explore how fine-grained differences between the shapes of common objects are expressed in language, grounded on images and 3D models of the objects. We first build a large scale, carefully controlled dataset of human utterances that each refers to a 2D rendering of a 3D CAD model so as to distinguish it from a set of shape-wise similar alternatives. Using this dataset, we develop neural language understanding (listening) and production (speaking) models that vary in their grounding (pure 3D forms via point-clouds vs. rendered 2D images), the degree of pragmatic reasoning captured (e.g. speakers that reason about a listener or not), and the neural architecture (e.g. with or without attention). We find models that perform well with both synthetic and human partners, and with held out utterances and objects. We also find that these models are amenable to zero-shot transfer learning to novel object classes (e.g. transfer from training on chairs to testing on lamps), as well as to real-world images drawn from furniture catalogs. Lesion studies indicate that the neural listeners depend heavily on part-related words and associate these words correctly with visual parts of objects (without any explicit network training on object parts), and that transfer to novel classes is most successful when known part-words are available. This work illustrates a practical approach to language grounding, and provides a case study in the relationship between object shape and linguistic structure when it comes to object differentiation. 
### 36.Feature Selection and Feature Extraction in Pattern Analysis: A Literature Review  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02845.pdf)
>  Pattern analysis often requires a pre-processing stage for extracting or selecting features in order to help the classification, prediction, or clustering stage discriminate or represent the data in a better way. The reason for this requirement is that the raw data are complex and difficult to process without extracting or selecting appropriate features beforehand. This paper reviews theory and motivation of different common methods of feature selection and extraction and introduces some of their applications. Some numerical implementations are also shown for these methods. Finally, the methods in feature selection and extraction are compared. 
### 37.LiStereo: Generate Dense Depth Maps from LIDAR and Stereo Imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02744.pdf)
>  An accurate depth map of the environment is critical to the safe operation of autonomous robots and vehicles. Currently, either light detection and ranging (LIDAR) or stereo matching algorithms are used to acquire such depth information. However, a high-resolution LIDAR is expensive and produces sparse depth map at large range; stereo matching algorithms are able to generate denser depth maps but are typically less accurate than LIDAR at long range. This paper combines these approaches together to generate high-quality dense depth maps. Unlike previous approaches that are trained using ground-truth labels, the proposed model adopts a self-supervised training process. Experiments show that the proposed method is able to generate high-quality dense depth maps and performs robustly even with low-resolution inputs. This shows the potential to reduce the cost by using LIDARs with lower resolution in concert with stereo systems while maintaining high resolution. 
