# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 31 May 2019
### 1.On Network Design Spaces for Visual Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13214.pdf)
>  Over the past several years progress in designing better neural network architectures for visual recognition has been substantial. To help sustain this rate of progress, in this work we propose to reexamine the methodology for comparing network architectures. In particular, we introduce a new comparison paradigm of distribution estimates, in which network design spaces are compared by applying statistical techniques to populations of sampled models, while controlling for confounding factors like network complexity. Compared to current methodologies of comparing point and curve estimates of model families, distribution estimates paint a more complete picture of the entire design landscape. As a case study, we examine design spaces used in neural architecture search (NAS). We find significant statistical differences between recent NAS design space variants that have been largely overlooked. Furthermore, our analysis reveals that the design spaces for standard model families like ResNeXt can be comparable to the more complex ones used in recent NAS work. We hope these insights into distribution analysis will enable more robust progress toward discovering better networks for visual recognition. 
### 2.AssembleNet: Searching for Multi-Stream Neural Connectivity in Video Architectures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13209.pdf)
>  Learning to represent videos is a very challenging task both algorithmically and computationally. Standard video CNN architectures have been designed by directly extending architectures devised for image understanding to a third dimension (using a limited number of space-time modules such as 3D convolutions) or by introducing a handcrafted two-stream design to capture both appearance and motion in videos. We interpret a video CNN as a collection of multi-stream space-time convolutional blocks connected to each other, and propose the approach of automatically finding neural architectures with better connectivity for video understanding. This is done by evolving a population of overly-connected architectures guided by connection weight learning. Architectures combining representations that abstract different input types (i.e., RGB and optical flow) at multiple temporal resolutions are searched for, allowing different types or sources of information to interact with each other. Our method, referred to as AssembleNet, outperforms prior approaches on public video datasets, in some cases by a great margin. 
### 3.An attention-based multi-resolution model for prostate whole slide imageclassification and localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13208.pdf)
>  Histology review is often used as the `gold standard' for disease diagnosis. Computer aided diagnosis tools can potentially help improve current pathology workflows by reducing examination time and interobserver variability. Previous work in cancer grading has focused mainly on classifying pre-defined regions of interest (ROIs), or relied on large amounts of fine-grained labels. In this paper, we propose a two-stage attention-based multiple instance learning model for slide-level cancer grading and weakly-supervised ROI detection and demonstrate its use in prostate cancer. Compared with existing Gleason classification models, our model goes a step further by utilizing visualized saliency maps to select informative tiles for fine-grained grade classification. The model was primarily developed on a large-scale whole slide dataset consisting of 3,521 prostate biopsy slides with only slide-level labels from 718 patients. The model achieved state-of-the-art performance for prostate cancer grading with an accuracy of 85.11\% for classifying benign, low-grade (Gleason grade 3+3 or 3+4), and high-grade (Gleason grade 4+3 or higher) slides on an independent test set. 
### 4.The Art of Food: Meal Image Synthesis from Ingredients  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13149.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a new computational framework, based on generative deep models, for synthesis of photo-realistic food meal images from textual descriptions of its ingredients. Previous works on synthesis of images from text typically rely on pre-trained text models to extract text features, followed by a generative neural networks (GANs) aimed to generate realistic images conditioned on the text features. These works mainly focus on generating spatially compact and well-defined categories of objects, such as birds or flowers. In contrast, meal images are significantly more complex, consisting of multiple ingredients whose appearance and spatial qualities are further modified by cooking methods. We propose a method that first builds an attention-based ingredients-image association model, which is then used to condition a generative neural network tasked with synthesizing meal images. Furthermore, a cycle-consistent constraint is added to further improve image quality and control appearance. Extensive experiments show our model is able to generate meal image corresponding to the ingredients, which could be used to augment existing dataset for solving other computational food analysis problems. 
### 5.Moving Target Defense for Deep Visual Sensing against Adversarial Examples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13148.pdf)
>  Deep learning based visual sensing has achieved attractive accuracy but is shown vulnerable to adversarial example attacks. Specifically, once the attackers obtain the deep model, they can construct adversarial examples to mislead the model to yield wrong classification results. Deployable adversarial examples such as small stickers pasted on the road signs and lanes have been shown effective in misleading advanced driver-assistance systems. Many existing countermeasures against adversarial examples build their security on the attackers' ignorance of the defense mechanisms. Thus, they fall short of following Kerckhoffs's principle and can be subverted once the attackers know the details of the defense. This paper applies the strategy of moving target defense (MTD) to generate multiple new deep models after system deployment, that will collaboratively detect and thwart adversarial examples. Our MTD design is based on the adversarial examples' minor transferability to models differing from the one (e.g., the factory-designed model) used for attack construction. The post-deployment quasi-secret deep models significantly increase the bar for the attackers to construct effective adversarial examples. We also apply the technique of serial data fusion with early stopping to reduce the inference time by a factor of up to 5 while maintaining the sensing and defense performance. Extensive evaluation based on three datasets including a road sign image database and a GPU-equipped Jetson embedded computing board shows the effectiveness of our approach. 
### 6.Anomaly Detection in Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13147.pdf)
>  Visual defect assessment is a form of anomaly detection. This is very relevant in finding faults such as cracks and markings in various surface inspection tasks like pavement and automotive parts. The task involves detection of deviation/divergence of anomalous samples from the normal ones. Two of the major challenges in supervised anomaly detection are the lack of labelled training data and the low availability of anomaly instances. Semi-supervised methods which learn the underlying distribution of the normal samples and then measure the deviation/divergence from the estimated model as the anomaly score have limitations in their overall ability to detect anomalies. This paper proposes the application of network-based deep transfer learning using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for the task of anomaly detection. Single class SVMs have been used in the past with some success, however we hypothesize that deeper networks for single class classification should perform better. Results obtained on established anomaly detection benchmarks as well as on a real-world dataset, show that the proposed method clearly outperforms the existing state-of-the-art methods, by achieving a staggering average area under the receiver operating characteristic curve value of 0.99 for the tested data-sets which is an average improvement of 41% on the CIFAR10, 20% on MNIST and 16% on Cement Crack data-sets. 
### 7.Gaze-in-wild: A dataset for studying eye and head coordination in everyday activities  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13146.pdf)
>  The interaction between the vestibular and ocular system has primarily been studied in controlled environments. Consequently, off-the shelf tools for categorization of gaze events (e.g. fixations, pursuits, saccade) fail when head movements are allowed. Our approach was to collect a novel, naturalistic, and multimodal dataset of eye+head movements when subjects performed everyday tasks while wearing a mobile eye tracker equipped with an inertial measurement unit and a 3D stereo camera. This Gaze-in-the-Wild dataset (GW) includes eye+head rotational velocities (deg/s), infrared eye images and scene imagery (RGB+D). A portion was labelled by coders into gaze motion events with a mutual agreement of 0.72 sample based Cohen's $\kappa$. This labelled data was used to train and evaluate two machine learning algorithms, Random Forest and a Recurrent Neural Network model, for gaze event classification. Assessment involved the application of established and novel event based performance metrics. Classifiers achieve $\sim$90$\%$ human performance in detecting fixations and saccades but fall short (60$\%$) on detecting pursuit movements. Moreover, pursuit classification is far worse in the absence of head movement information. A subsequent analysis of feature significance in our best-performing model revealed a reliance upon absolute eye and head velocity, indicating that classification does not require spatial alignment of the head and eye tracking coordinate systems. The GW dataset, trained classifiers and evaluation metrics will be made publicly available with the intention of facilitating growth in the emerging area of head-free gaze event classification. 
### 8.Prostate Cancer Detection using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13145.pdf)
>  Prostate cancer is one of the most common forms of cancer and the third leading cause of cancer death in North America. As an integrated part of computer-aided detection (CAD) tools, diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DWI) has been intensively studied for accurate detection of prostate cancer. With deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) significant success in computer vision tasks such as object detection and segmentation, different CNNs architectures are increasingly investigated in medical imaging research community as promising solutions for designing more accurate CAD tools for cancer detection. In this work, we developed and implemented an automated CNNs-based pipeline for detection of clinically significant prostate cancer (PCa) for a given axial DWI image and for each patient. DWI images of 427 patients were used as the dataset, which contained 175 patients with PCa and 252 healthy patients. To measure the performance of the proposed pipeline, a test set of 108 (out of 427) patients were set aside and not used in the training phase. The proposed pipeline achieved area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 0.87 (95% Confidence Interval (CI): 0.84-0.90) and 0.84 (95% CI: 0.76-0.91) at slice level and patient level, respectively. 
### 9.Semantics-Aligned Representation Learning for Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13143.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (reID) aims to match person images to retrieve the ones with the same identity. This is a challenging task, as the images to be matched are generally semantically misaligned due to the diversity of human poses and capture viewpoints, incompleteness of the visible bodies (due to occlusion), etc. In this paper, we propose a framework that drives the reID network to learn semantics-aligned feature representation through delicate supervision designs. Specifically, we build a Semantics Aligning Network (SAN) which consists of a base network as encoder (SA-Enc) for re-ID, and a decoder (SA-Dec) for reconstructing/regressing the densely semantics aligned full texture image. We jointly train the SAN under the supervisions of person re-identification and aligned texture generation. Moreover, at the decoder, besides the reconstruction loss, we add triplet reID constraints/losses over the feature maps as the perceptual losses. The decoder is discarded in the inference/test and thus our scheme is computationally efficient. Ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness of our design. We achieve the state-of-the-art performances on the benchmark datasets CUHK03, Market1501, MSMT17, and the partial person reID dataset Partial REID. 
### 10.A Deep Framework for Bone Age Assessment based on Finger Joint Localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13124.pdf)
>  Bone age assessment is an important clinical trial to measure skeletal child maturity and diagnose of growth disorders. Conventional approaches such as the Tanner-Whitehouse (TW) and Greulich and Pyle (GP) may not perform well due to their large inter-observer and intra-observer variations. In this paper, we propose a finger joint localization strategy to filter out most non-informative parts of images. When combining with the conventional full image-based deep network, we observe a much-improved performance. % Our approach utilizes full hand and specific joints images for skeletal maturity prediction. In this study, we applied powerful deep neural network and explored a process in the forecast of skeletal bone age with the specifically combine joints images to increase the performance accuracy compared with the whole hand images. 
### 11.A Hierarchical Probabilistic U-Net for Modeling Multi-Scale Ambiguities  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13077.pdf)
>  Medical imaging only indirectly measures the molecular identity of the tissue within each voxel, which often produces only ambiguous image evidence for target measures of interest, like semantic segmentation. This diversity and the variations of plausible interpretations are often specific to given image regions and may thus manifest on various scales, spanning all the way from the pixel to the image level. In order to learn a flexible distribution that can account for multiple scales of variations, we propose the Hierarchical Probabilistic U-Net, a segmentation network with a conditional variational auto-encoder (cVAE) that uses a hierarchical latent space decomposition. We show that this model formulation enables sampling and reconstruction of segmenations with high fidelity, i.e. with finely resolved detail, while providing the flexibility to learn complex structured distributions across scales. We demonstrate these abilities on the task of segmenting ambiguous medical scans as well as on instance segmentation of neurobiological and natural images. Our model automatically separates independent factors across scales, an inductive bias that we deem beneficial in structured output prediction tasks beyond segmentation. 
### 12.Robust Sparse Regularization: Simultaneously Optimizing Neural Network Robustness and Compactness  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13074.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Network (DNN) trained by the gradient descent method is known to be vulnerable to maliciously perturbed adversarial input, aka. adversarial attack. As one of the countermeasures against adversarial attack, increasing the model capacity for DNN robustness enhancement was discussed and reported as an effective approach by many recent works. In this work, we show that shrinking the model size through proper weight pruning can even be helpful to improve the DNN robustness under adversarial attack. For obtaining a simultaneously robust and compact DNN model, we propose a multi-objective training method called Robust Sparse Regularization (RSR), through the fusion of various regularization techniques, including channel-wise noise injection, lasso weight penalty, and adversarial training. We conduct extensive experiments across popular ResNet-20, ResNet-18 and VGG-16 DNN architectures to demonstrate the effectiveness of RSR against popular white-box (i.e., PGD and FGSM) and black-box attacks. Thanks to RSR, 85% weight connections of ResNet-18 can be pruned while still achieving 0.68% and 8.72% improvement in clean- and perturbed-data accuracy respectively on CIFAR-10 dataset, in comparison to its PGD adversarial training baseline. 
### 13.Align-and-Attend Network for Globally and Locally Coherent Video Inpainting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13066.pdf)
>  We propose a novel feed-forward network for video inpainting. We use a set of sampled video frames as the reference to take visible contents to fill the hole of a target frame. Our video inpainting network consists of two stages. The first stage is an alignment module that uses computed homographies between the reference frames and the target frame. The visible patches are then aggregated based on the frame similarity to fill in the target holes roughly. The second stage is a non-local attention module that matches the generated patches with known reference patches (in space and time) to refine the previous global alignment stage. Both stages consist of large spatial-temporal window size for the reference and thus enable modeling long-range correlations between distant information and the hole regions. Therefore, even challenging scenes with large or slowly moving holes can be handled, which have been hardly modeled by existing flow-based approach. Our network is also designed with a recurrent propagation stream to encourage temporal consistency in video results. Experiments on video object removal demonstrate that our method inpaints the holes with globally and locally coherent contents. 
### 14.Recognition in Unseen Domains: Domain Generalization via Universal Non-volume Preserving Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13040.pdf)
>  Recognition across domains has recently become an active topic in the research community. However, it has been largely overlooked in the problem of recognition in new unseen domains. Under this condition, the delivered deep network models are unable to be updated, adapted or fine-tuned. Therefore, recent deep learning techniques, such as: domain adaptation, feature transferring, and fine-tuning, cannot be applied. This paper presents a novel approach to the problem of domain generalization in the context of deep learning. The proposed method is evaluated on different datasets in various problems, i.e. (i) digit recognition on MNIST, SVHN and MNIST-M, (ii) face recognition on Extended Yale-B, CMU-PIE and CMU-MPIE, and (iii) pedestrian recognition on RGB and Thermal image datasets. The experimental results show that our proposed method consistently improves the performance accuracy. It can be also easily incorporated with any other CNN frameworks within an end-to-end deep network design for object detection and recognition problems to improve their performance. 
### 15.Memory-efficient and fast implementation of local adaptive binarization methods  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13038.pdf)
>  Binarization is widely used as an image preprocessing step to separate object especially text from background before recognition. For noisy images with uneven illumination, threshold values should be computed pixel by pixel to obtain a good segmentation. Since local threshold values typically depend on moments-based statistics such as mean and variance of gray levels inside rectangular windows, integral images are commonly used to accelerate the calculation. However, integral images are memory consuming. For Sauvola's method, the two integral images occupy $16HW$ bytes given a $H\times W$ input image. By using a recursive technique to avoid integral images, memory usage of intermediate data structures can be reduced significantly to $6\min\{H,W\}$ bytes, while the time complexity remains $O(HW)$ independent of window size. Therefore, the proposed implementation enable various local adaptive binarization methods to be applied in real-time use cases on devices with limited resources. 
### 16.3D Reconstruction of Whole Stomach from Endoscope Video Using Structure-from-Motion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12988.pdf)
>  Gastric endoscopy is a common clinical practice that enables medical doctors to diagnose the stomach inside a body. In order to identify a gastric lesion's location such as early gastric cancer within the stomach, this work addressed to reconstruct the 3D shape of a whole stomach with color texture information generated from a standard monocular endoscope video. Previous works have tried to reconstruct the 3D structures of various organs from endoscope images. However, they are mainly focused on a partial surface. In this work, we investigated how to enable structure-from-motion (SfM) to reconstruct the whole shape of a stomach from a standard endoscope video. We specifically investigated the combined effect of chromo-endoscopy and color channel selection on SfM. Our study found that 3D reconstruction of the whole stomach can be achieved by using red channel images captured under chromo-endoscopy by spreading indigo carmine (IC) dye on the stomach surface. 
### 17.Interactive-predictive neural multimodal systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12980.pdf)
>  Despite the advances achieved by neural models in sequence to sequence learning, exploited in a variety of tasks, they still make errors. In many use cases, these are corrected by a human expert in a posterior revision process. The interactive-predictive framework aims to minimize the human effort spent on this process by considering partial corrections for iteratively refining the hypothesis. In this work, we generalize the interactive-predictive approach, typically applied in to machine translation field, to tackle other multimodal problems namely, image and video captioning. We study the application of this framework to multimodal neural sequence to sequence models. We show that, following this framework, we approximately halve the effort spent for correcting the outputs generated by the automatic systems. Moreover, we deploy our systems in a publicly accessible demonstration, that allows to better understand the behavior of the interactive-predictive framework. 
### 18.Learning Semantics-aware Distance Map with Semantics Layering Network for Amodal Instance Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12898.pdf)
>  In this work, we demonstrate yet another approach to tackle the amodal segmentation problem. Specifically, we first introduce a new representation, namely a semantics-aware distance map (sem-dist map), to serve as our target for amodal segmentation instead of the commonly used masks and heatmaps. The sem-dist map is a kind of level-set representation, of which the different regions of an object are placed into different levels on the map according to their visibility. It is a natural extension of masks and heatmaps, where modal, amodal segmentation, as well as depth order information, are all well-described. Then we also introduce a novel convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture, which we refer to as semantic layering network, to estimate sem-dist maps layer by layer, from the global-level to the instance-level, for all objects in an image. Extensive experiments on the COCOA and D2SA datasets have demonstrated that our framework can predict amodal segmentation, occlusion and depth order with state-of-the-art performance. 
### 19.Does computer vision matter for action?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12887.pdf)
>  Computer vision produces representations of scene content. Much computer vision research is predicated on the assumption that these intermediate representations are useful for action. Recent work at the intersection of machine learning and robotics calls this assumption into question by training sensorimotor systems directly for the task at hand, from pixels to actions, with no explicit intermediate representations. Thus the central question of our work: Does computer vision matter for action? We probe this question and its offshoots via immersive simulation, which allows us to conduct controlled reproducible experiments at scale. We instrument immersive three-dimensional environments to simulate challenges such as urban driving, off-road trail traversal, and battle. Our main finding is that computer vision does matter. Models equipped with intermediate representations train faster, achieve higher task performance, and generalize better to previously unseen environments. A video that summarizes the work and illustrates the results can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/4MfWa2yZ0Jc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 20.iSAID: A Large-scale Dataset for Instance Segmentation in Aerial Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12886.pdf)
>  Existing Earth Vision datasets are either suitable for semantic segmentation or object detection. In this work, we introduce the first benchmark dataset for instance segmentation in aerial imagery that combines instance-level object detection and pixel-level segmentation tasks. In comparison to instance segmentation in natural scenes, aerial images present unique challenges e.g., a huge number of instances per image, large object-scale variations and abundant tiny objects. Our large-scale and densely annotated Instance Segmentation in Aerial Images Dataset (iSAID) comes with 655,451 object instances for 15 categories across 2,806 high-resolution images. Such precise per-pixel annotations for each instance ensure accurate localization that is essential for detailed scene analysis. Compared to existing small-scale aerial image based instance segmentation datasets, iSAID contains 15$\times$ the number of object categories and 5$\times$ the number of instances. We benchmark our dataset using two popular instance segmentation approaches for natural images, namely Mask R-CNN and PANet. In our experiments we show that direct application of off-the-shelf Mask R-CNN and PANet on aerial images provide suboptimal instance segmentation results, thus requiring specialized solutions from the research community. 
### 21.P3SGD: Patient Privacy Preserving SGD for Regularizing Deep CNNs in Pathological Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12883.pdf)
>  Recently, deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved great success in pathological image classification. However, due to the limited number of labeled pathological images, there are still two challenges to be addressed: (1) overfitting: the performance of a CNN model is undermined by the overfitting due to its huge amounts of parameters and the insufficiency of labeled training data. (2) privacy leakage: the model trained using a conventional method may involuntarily reveal the private information of the patients in the training dataset. The smaller the dataset, the worse the privacy leakage. To tackle the above two challenges, we introduce a novel stochastic gradient descent (SGD) scheme, named patient privacy preserving SGD (P3SGD), which performs the model update of the SGD in the patient level via a large-step update built upon each patient's data. Specifically, to protect privacy and regularize the CNN model, we propose to inject the well-designed noise into the updates. Moreover, we equip our P3SGD with an elaborated strategy to adaptively control the scale of the injected noise. To validate the effectiveness of P3SGD, we perform extensive experiments on a real-world clinical dataset and quantitatively demonstrate the superior ability of P3SGD in reducing the risk of overfitting. We also provide a rigorous analysis of the privacy cost under differential privacy. Additionally, we find that the models trained with P3SGD are resistant to the model-inversion attack compared with those trained using non-private SGD. 
### 22.A Trainable Multiplication Layer for Auto-correlation and Co-occurrence Extraction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12871.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a trainable multiplication layer (TML) for a neural network that can be used to calculate the multiplication between the input features. Taking an image as an input, the TML raises each pixel value to the power of a weight and then multiplies them, thereby extracting the higher-order local auto-correlation from the input image. The TML can also be used to extract co-occurrence from the feature map of a convolutional network. The training of the TML is formulated based on backpropagation with constraints to the weights, enabling us to learn discriminative multiplication patterns in an end-to-end manner. In the experiments, the characteristics of the TML are investigated by visualizing learned kernels and the corresponding output features. The applicability of the TML for classification and neural network interpretation is also evaluated using public datasets. 
### 23.Hierarchical Structure and Joint Training for Large Scale Semi-supervised Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12863.pdf)
>  Generic object detection is one of the most fundamental and important problems in computer vision. When it comes to large scale object detection for thousands of categories, it is unpractical to provide all the bounding box labels for each category. In this paper, we propose a novel hierarchical structure and joint training framework for large scale semi-supervised object detection. First, we utilize the relationships among target categories to model a hierarchical network to further improve the performance of recognition. Second, we combine bounding-box-level labeled images and image-level labeled images together for joint training, and the proposed method can be easily applied in current two-stage object detection framework with excellent performance. Experimental results show that the proposed large scale semi-supervised object detection network obtains the state-of-the-art performance, with the mAP of 38.1% on the ImageNet detection validation dataset. 
### 24.RoNIN: Robust Neural Inertial Navigation in the Wild: Benchmark, Evaluations, and New Methods  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12853.pdf)
>  This paper sets a new foundation for data-driven inertial navigation research, where the task is the estimation of positions and orientations of a moving subject from a sequence of IMU sensor measurements. More concretely, the paper presents 1) a new benchmark containing more than 40 hours of IMU sensor data from 100 human subjects with ground-truth 3D trajectories under natural human motions; 2) novel neural inertial navigation architectures, making significant improvements for challenging motion cases; and 3) qualitative and quantitative evaluations of the competing methods over three inertial navigation benchmarks. We will share the code and data to promote further research. 
### 25.Towards Photo-Realistic Visible Watermark Removal with Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12845.pdf)
>  Visible watermark plays an important role in image copyright protection and the robustness of a visible watermark to an attack is shown to be essential. To evaluate and improve the effectiveness of watermark, watermark removal attracts increasing attention and becomes a hot research top. Current methods cast the watermark removal as an image-to-image translation problem where the encode-decode architectures with pixel-wise loss are adopted to transfer the transparent watermarked pixels into unmarked pixels. However, when a number of realistic images are presented, the watermarks are more likely to be unknown and diverse (i.e., the watermarks might be opaque or semi-transparent; the category and pattern of watermarks are unknown). When applying existing methods to the real-world scenarios, they mostly can not satisfactorily reconstruct the hidden information obscured under the complex and various watermarks (i.e., the residual watermark traces remain and the reconstructed images lack reality). To address this difficulty, in this paper, we present a new watermark processing framework using the conditional generative adversarial networks (cGANs) for visible watermark removal in the real-world application. The proposed method \whh{enables} the watermark removal solution \whh{to be more} closed to the photo-realistic reconstruction using a patch-based discriminator conditioned on the watermarked images, which is adversarially trained to differentiate the difference between the recovered images and original watermark-free images. Extensive experimental results on a large-scale visible watermark dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method and clearly indicate that our proposed approach can produce more photo-realistic and convincing results compared with the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 26.Unsupervised Classification of Street Architectures Based on InfoGAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12844.pdf)
>  Street architectures play an essential role in city image and streetscape analysing. However, existing approaches are all supervised which require costly labeled data. To solve this, we propose a street architectural unsupervised classification framework based on Information maximizing Generative Adversarial Nets (InfoGAN), in which we utilize the auxiliary distribution $Q$ of InfoGAN as an unsupervised classifier. Experiments on database of true street view images in Nanjing, China validate the practicality and accuracy of our framework. Furthermore, we draw a series of heuristic conclusions from the intrinsic information hidden in true images. These conclusions will assist planners to know the architectural categories better. 
### 27.The General Pair-based Weighting Loss for Deep Metric Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12837.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning aims at learning the distance metric between pair of samples, through the deep neural networks to extract the semantic feature embeddings where similar samples are close to each other while dissimilar samples are farther apart. A large amount of loss functions based on pair distances have been presented in the literature for guiding the training of deep metric learning. In this paper, we unify them in a general pair-based weighting loss function, where the minimizing objective loss is just the distances weighting of informative pairs. The general pair-based weighting loss includes two main aspects, (1) samples mining and (2) pairs weighting. Samples mining aims at selecting the informative positive and negative pair sets to exploit the structured relationship of samples in a mini-batch and also reduce the number of non-trivial pairs. Pair weighting aims at assigning different weights for different pairs according to the pair distances for discriminatively training the network. We detailedly review those existing pair-based losses inline with our general loss function, and explore some possible methods from the perspective of samples mining and pairs weighting. Finally, extensive experiments on three image retrieval datasets show that our general pair-based weighting loss obtains new state-of-the-art performance, demonstrating the effectiveness of the pair-based samples mining and pairs weighting for deep metric learning. 
### 28.Attention: A Big Surprise for Cross-Domain Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12830.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on model generalization and adaptation for cross-domain person re-identification (Re-ID). Unlike existing cross-domain Re-ID methods, leveraging the auxiliary information of those unlabeled target-domain data, we aim at enhancing the model generalization and adaptation by discriminative feature learning, and directly exploiting a pre-trained model to new domains (datasets) without any utilization of the information from target domains. To address the discriminative feature learning problem, we surprisingly find that simply introducing the attention mechanism to adaptively extract the person features for every domain is of great effectiveness. We adopt two popular type of attention mechanisms, long-range dependency based attention and direct generation based attention. Both of them can perform the attention via spatial or channel dimensions alone, even the combination of spatial and channel dimensions. The outline of different attentions are well illustrated. Moreover, we also incorporate the attention results into the final output of model through skip-connection to improve the features with both high and middle level semantic visual information. In the manner of directly exploiting a pre-trained model to new domains, the attention incorporation method truly could enhance the model generalization and adaptation to perform the cross-domain person Re-ID. We conduct extensive experiments between three large datasets, Market-1501, DukeMTMC-reID and MSMT17. Surprisingly, introducing only attention can achieve state-of-the-art performance, even much better than those cross-domain Re-ID methods utilizing auxiliary information from the target domain. 
### 29.Deep Learning Approach for Receipt Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12817.pdf)
>  Inspired by the recent successes of deep learning on Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing, we present a deep learning approach for recognizing scanned receipts. The recognition system has two main modules: text detection based on Connectionist Text Proposal Network and text recognition based on Attention-based Encoder-Decoder. We also proposed pre-processing to extract receipt area and OCR verification to ignore handwriting. The experiments on the dataset of the Robust Reading Challenge on Scanned Receipts OCR and Information Extraction 2019 demonstrate that the accuracies were improved by integrating the pre-processing and the OCR verification. Our recognition system achieved 71.9% of the F1 score for detection and recognition task. 
### 30.The Fashion IQ Dataset: Retrieving Images by Combining Side Information and Relative Natural Language Feedback  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12794.pdf)
>  We contribute a new dataset and a novel method for natural language based fashion image retrieval. Unlike previous fashion datasets, we provide natural language annotations to facilitate the training of interactive image retrieval systems, as well as the commonly used attribute based labels. We propose a novel approach and empirically demonstrate that combining natural language feedback with visual attribute information results in superior user feedback modeling and retrieval performance relative to using either of these modalities. We believe that our dataset can encourage further work on developing more natural and real-world applicable conversational shopping assistants. 
### 31.$d$-SNE: Domain Adaptation using Stochastic Neighborhood Embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12775.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks often require copious amount of labeled-data to train their scads of parameters. Training larger and deeper networks is hard without appropriate regularization, particularly while using a small dataset. Laterally, collecting well-annotated data is expensive, time-consuming and often infeasible. A popular way to regularize these networks is to simply train the network with more data from an alternate representative dataset. This can lead to adverse effects if the statistics of the representative dataset are dissimilar to our target. This predicament is due to the problem of domain shift. Data from a shifted domain might not produce bespoke features when a feature extractor from the representative domain is used. In this paper, we propose a new technique ($d$-SNE) of domain adaptation that cleverly uses stochastic neighborhood embedding techniques and a novel modified-Hausdorff distance. The proposed technique is learnable end-to-end and is therefore, ideally suited to train neural networks. Extensive experiments demonstrate that $d$-SNE outperforms the current states-of-the-art and is robust to the variances in different datasets, even in the one-shot and semi-supervised learning settings. $d$-SNE also demonstrates the ability to generalize to multiple domains concurrently. 
### 32.Distant Pedestrian Detection in the Wild using Single Shot Detector with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12759.pdf)
>  In this work, we examine the feasibility of applying Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks (DCGANs) with Single Shot Detector (SSD) as data-processing technique to handle with the challenge of pedestrian detection in the wild. Specifically, we attempted to use in-fill completion (where a portion of the image is masked) to generate random transformations of images with portions missing to expand existing labelled datasets. In our work, GAN has been trained intensively on low resolution images, in order to neutralize the challenges of the pedestrian detection in the wild, and considered humans, and few other classes for detection in smart cities. The object detector experiment performed by training GAN model along with SSD provided a substantial improvement in the results. This approach presents a very interesting overview in the current state of art on GAN networks for object detection. We used Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIFAR), Caltech, KITTI data set for training and testing the network under different resolutions and the experimental results with comparison been showedbetween DCGAN cascaded with SSD and SSD itself. 
### 33.Extending Monocular Visual Odometry to Stereo Camera System by Scale Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12723.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel approach for extending monocular visual odometry to a stereo camera system. The proposed method uses an additional camera to accurately estimate and optimize the scale of the monocular visual odometry, rather than triangulating 3D points from stereo matching. Specifically, the 3D points generated by the monocular visual odometry are projected onto the other camera of the stereo pair, and the scale is recovered and optimized by directly minimizing the photometric error. In particular, it is computationally efficient, adding minimal overhead to the stereo vision system compared to straightforward stereo matching, and is robust to repetitive texture. Additionally, direct scale optimization enables stereo visual odometry to be purely based on direct method. Extensive evaluation on public datasets (e.g., KITTI), and outdoor environments (both terrestrial and underwater) demonstrates the accuracy and efficiency of a stereo visual odometry approach extended by scale optimization, as well as the robustness in environments with challenging texture. 
### 34.Dynamic Traffic Scene Classification with Space-Time Coherence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12708.pdf)
>  This paper examines the problem of dynamic traffic scene classification under space-time variations in viewpoint that arise from video captured on-board a moving vehicle. Solutions to this problem are important for realization of effective driving assistance technologies required to interpret or predict road user behavior. Currently, dynamic traffic scene classification has not been adequately addressed due to a lack of benchmark datasets that consider spatiotemporal evolution of traffic scenes resulting from a vehicle's ego-motion. This paper has three main contributions. First, an annotated dataset is released to enable dynamic scene classification that includes 80 hours of diverse high quality driving video data clips collected in the San Francisco Bay area. The dataset includes temporal annotations for road places, road types, weather, and road surface conditions. Second, we introduce novel and baseline algorithms that utilize semantic context and temporal nature of the dataset for dynamic classification of road scenes. Finally, we showcase algorithms and experimental results that highlight how extracted features from scene classification serve as strong priors and help with tactical driver behavior understanding. The results show significant improvement from previously reported driving behavior detection baselines in the literature. 
### 35.A survey of Object Classification and Detection based on 2D/3D data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12683.pdf)
>  Recently, by using deep neural network based algorithms, object classification, detection and semantic segmentation solutions are significantly improved. However, one challenge for 2D image-based systems is that they cannot provide accurate 3D location information. This is critical for location sensitive applications such as autonomous driving and robot navigation. On the other hand, 3D methods, such as RGB-D and RGB-LiDAR based systems, can provide solutions that significantly improve the RGB only approaches. That is why this is an interesting research area for both industry and academia. Compared with 2D image-based systems, 3D-based systems are more complicated due to the following five reasons: 1) Data representation itself is more complicated. 3D images can be represented by point clouds, meshes, volumes. 2D images have pixel grid representations. 2) The computation and memory resource requirement is higher as an extra dimension is added. 3) Different distribution of the objects and difference in scene areas between indoor and outdoor make one unified framework hard to achieve. 4) 3D data, especially for the outdoor scenario, is sparse compared with the dense 2D images which makes the detection task more challenging. Finally, large size labelled datasets, which are extremely important for supervised based algorithms, are still under construction compared with well-built 2D datasets such as ImageNet. Based on challenges listed above, the described systems are organized by application scenarios, data representation methods and main tasks addressed. At the same time, critical 2D based systems which greatly influence the 3D ones are also introduced to show the connection between them. 
### 36.What Makes Training Multi-Modal Networks Hard?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12681.pdf)
>  Consider end-to-end training of a multi-modal vs. a single-modal network on a task with multiple input modalities: the multi-modal network receives more information, so it should match or outperform its single-modal counterpart. In our experiments, however, we observe the opposite: the best single-modal network always outperforms the multi-modal network. This observation is consistent across different combinations of modalities and on different tasks and benchmarks. <br>This paper identifies two main causes for this performance drop: first, multi-modal networks are often prone to overfitting due to increased capacity. Second, different modalities overfit and generalize at different rates, so training them jointly with a single optimization strategy is sub-optimal. We address these two problems with a technique we call Gradient Blending, which computes an optimal blend of modalities based on their overfitting behavior. We demonstrate that Gradient Blending outperforms widely-used baselines for avoiding overfitting and achieves state-of-the-art accuracy on various tasks including fine-grained sport classification, human action recognition, and acoustic event detection. 
### 37.Entropic Regularisation of Robust Optimal Transport  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12678.pdf)
>  Grogan et al [11,12] have recently proposed a solution to colour transfer by minimising the Euclidean distance L2 between two probability density functions capturing the colour distributions of two images (palette and target). It was shown to be very competitive to alternative solutions based on Optimal Transport for colour transfer. We show that in fact Grogan et al's formulation can also be understood as a new robust Optimal Transport based framework with entropy regularisation over marginals. 
### 38.Emergence of Object Segmentation in Perturbed Generative Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12663.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel framework to build a model that can learn how to segment objects from a collection of images without any human annotation. Our method builds on the observation that the location of object segments can be perturbed locally relative to a given background without affecting the realism of a scene. Our approach is to first train a generative model of a layered scene. The layered representation consists of a background image, a foreground image and the mask of the foreground. A composite image is then obtained by overlaying the masked foreground image onto the background. The generative model is trained in an adversarial fashion against a discriminator, which forces the generative model to produce realistic composite images. To force the generator to learn a representation where the foreground layer corresponds to an object, we perturb the output of the generative model by introducing a random shift of both the foreground image and mask relative to the background. Because the generator is unaware of the shift before computing its output, it must produce layered representations that are realistic for any such random perturbation. Finally, we learn to segment an image by defining an autoencoder consisting of an encoder, which we train, and the pre-trained generator as the decoder, which we freeze. The encoder maps an image to a feature vector, which is fed as input to the generator to give a composite image matching the original input image. Because the generator outputs an explicit layered representation of the scene, the encoder learns to detect and segment objects. We demonstrate this framework on real images of several object categories. 
### 39.Video from Stills: Lensless Imaging with Rolling Shutter  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13221.pdf)
>  Because image sensor chips have a finite bandwidth with which to read out pixels, recording video typically requires a trade-off between frame rate and pixel count. Compressed sensing techniques can circumvent this trade-off by assuming that the image is compressible. Here, we propose using multiplexing optics to spatially compress the scene, enabling information about the whole scene to be sampled from a row of sensor pixels, which can be read off quickly via a rolling shutter CMOS sensor. Conveniently, such multiplexing can be achieved with a simple lensless, diffuser-based imaging system. Using sparse recovery methods, we are able to recover 140 video frames at over 4,500 frames per second, all from a single captured image with a rolling shutter sensor. Our proof-of-concept system uses easily-fabricated diffusers paired with an off-the-shelf sensor. The resulting prototype enables compressive encoding of high frame rate video into a single rolling shutter exposure, and exceeds the sampling-limited performance of an equivalent global shutter system for sufficiently sparse objects. 
### 40.Image classification using quantum inference on the D-Wave 2X  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13215.pdf)
>  We use a quantum annealing D-Wave 2X computer to obtain solutions to NP-hard sparse coding problems. To reduce the dimensionality of the sparse coding problem to fit on the quantum D-Wave 2X hardware, we passed downsampled MNIST images through a bottleneck autoencoder. To establish a benchmark for classification performance on this reduced dimensional data set, we used an AlexNet-like architecture implemented in TensorFlow, obtaining a classification score of $94.54 \pm 0.7 \%$. As a control, we showed that the same AlexNet-like architecture produced near-state-of-the-art classification performance $(\sim 99\%)$ on the original MNIST images. To obtain a set of optimized features for inferring sparse representations of the reduced dimensional MNIST dataset, we imprinted on a random set of $47$ image patches followed by an off-line unsupervised learning algorithm using stochastic gradient descent to optimize for sparse coding. Our single-layer of sparse coding matched the stride and patch size of the first convolutional layer of the AlexNet-like deep neural network and contained $47$ fully-connected features, $47$ being the maximum number of dictionary elements that could be embedded onto the D-Wave $2$X hardware. Recent work suggests that the optimal level of sparsity corresponds to a critical value of the trade-off parameter associated with a putative second order phase transition, an observation supported by a free energy analysis of D-Wave energy states. When the sparse representations inferred by the D-Wave $2$X were passed to a linear support vector machine, we obtained a classification score of $95.68\%$. Thus, on this problem, we find that a single-layer of quantum inference is able to outperform a standard deep neural network architecture. 
### 41.What Can Neural Networks Reason About?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13211.pdf)
>  Neural networks have successfully been applied to solving reasoning tasks, ranging from learning simple concepts like "close to", to intricate questions whose reasoning procedures resemble algorithms. Empirically, not all network structures work equally well for reasoning. For example, Graph Neural Networks have achieved impressive empirical results, while less structured neural networks may fail to learn to reason. Theoretically, there is currently limited understanding of the interplay between reasoning tasks and network learning. In this paper, we develop a framework to characterize which tasks a neural network can learn well, by studying how well its structure aligns with the algorithmic structure of the relevant reasoning procedure. This suggests that Graph Neural Networks can learn dynamic programming, a powerful algorithmic strategy that solves a broad class of reasoning problems, such as relational question answering, sorting, intuitive physics, and shortest paths. Our perspective also implies strategies to design neural architectures for complex reasoning. On several abstract reasoning tasks, we see empirically that our theory aligns well with practice. 
### 42.Graph Neural Tangent Kernel: Fusing Graph Neural Networks with Graph Kernels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13192.pdf)
>  While graph kernels (GKs) are easy to train and enjoy provable theoretical guarantees, their practical performances are limited by their expressive power, as the kernel function often depends on hand-crafted combinatorial features of graphs. Compared to graph kernels, graph neural networks (GNNs) usually achieve better practical performance, as GNNs use multi-layer architectures and non-linear activation functions to extract high-order information of graphs as features. However, due to the large number of hyper-parameters and the non-convex nature of the training procedure, GNNs are harder to train. Theoretical guarantees of GNNs are also not well-understood. Furthermore, the expressive power of GNNs scales with the number of parameters, and thus it is hard to exploit the full power of GNNs when computing resources are limited. The current paper presents a new class of graph kernels, Graph Neural Tangent Kernels (GNTKs), which correspond to \emph{infinitely wide} multi-layer GNNs trained by gradient descent. GNTKs enjoy the full expressive power of GNNs and inherit advantages of GKs. Theoretically, we show GNTKs provably learn a class of smooth functions on graphs. Empirically, we test GNTKs on graph classification datasets and show they achieve strong performance. 
### 43.Grounding Language Attributes to Objects using Bayesian Eigenobjects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13153.pdf)
>  We develop a system to disambiguate objects based on simple physical descriptions. The system takes as input a natural language phrase and a depth image containing a segmented object and predicts how similar the observed object is to the described object. Our system is designed to learn from only a small amount of human-labeled language data and generalize to viewpoints not represented in the language-annotated depth-image training set. By decoupling 3D shape representation from language representation, our method is able to ground language to novel objects using a small amount of language-annotated depth-data and a larger corpus of unlabeled 3D object meshes, even when these objects are partially observed from unusual viewpoints. Our system is able to disambiguate between novel objects, observed via depth-images, based on natural language descriptions. Our method also enables view-point transfer; trained on human-annotated data on a small set of depth-images captured from frontal viewpoints, our system successfully predicted object attributes from rear views despite having no such depth images in its training set. Finally, we demonstrate our system on a Baxter robot, enabling it to pick specific objects based on human-provided natural language descriptions. 
### 44.Generalized Separable Nonnegative Matrix Factorization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12995.pdf)
>  Nonnegative matrix factorization (NMF) is a linear dimensionality technique for nonnegative data with applications such as image analysis, text mining, audio source separation and hyperspectral unmixing. Given a data matrix $M$ and a factorization rank $r$, NMF looks for a nonnegative matrix $W$ with $r$ columns and a nonnegative matrix $H$ with $r$ rows such that $M \approx WH$. NMF is NP-hard to solve in general. However, it can be computed efficiently under the separability assumption which requires that the basis vectors appear as data points, that is, that there exists an index set $\mathcal{K}$ such that $W = M(:,\mathcal{K})$. In this paper, we generalize the separability assumption: We only require that for each rank-one factor $W(:,k)H(k,:)$ for $k=1,2,\dots,r$, either $W(:,k) = M(:,j)$ for some $j$ or $H(k,:) = M(i,:)$ for some $i$. We refer to the corresponding problem as generalized separable NMF (GS-NMF). We discuss some properties of GS-NMF and propose a convex optimization model which we solve using a fast gradient method. We also propose a heuristic algorithm inspired by the successive projection algorithm. To verify the effectiveness of our methods, we compare them with several state-of-the-art separable NMF algorithms on synthetic, document and image data sets. 
### 45.Wasserstein Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12828.pdf)
>  We propose Gaussian optimal transport for Image style transfer in an Encoder/Decoder framework. Optimal transport for Gaussian measures has closed forms Monge mappings from source to target distributions. Moreover interpolates between a content and a style image can be seen as geodesics in the Wasserstein Geometry. Using this insight, we show how to mix different target styles , using Wasserstein barycenter of Gaussian measures. Since Gaussians are closed under Wasserstein barycenter, this allows us a simple style transfer and style mixing and interpolation. Moreover we show how mixing different styles can be achieved using other geodesic metrics between gaussians such as the Fisher Rao metric, while the transport of the content to the new interpolate style is still performed with Gaussian OT maps. Our simple methodology allows to generate new stylized content interpolating between many artistic styles. The metric used in the interpolation results in different stylizations. 
### 46.Exploiting Epistemic Uncertainty of Anatomy Segmentation for Anomaly Detection in Retinal OCT  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12806.pdf)
>  Diagnosis and treatment guidance are aided by detecting relevant biomarkers in medical images. Although supervised deep learning can perform accurate segmentation of pathological areas, it is limited by requiring a-priori definitions of these regions, large-scale annotations, and a representative patient cohort in the training set. In contrast, anomaly detection is not limited to specific definitions of pathologies and allows for training on healthy samples without annotation. Anomalous regions can then serve as candidates for biomarker discovery. Knowledge about normal anatomical structure brings implicit information for detecting anomalies. We propose to take advantage of this property using bayesian deep learning, based on the assumption that epistemic uncertainties will correlate with anatomical deviations from a normal training set. A Bayesian U-Net is trained on a well-defined healthy environment using weak labels of healthy anatomy produced by existing methods. At test time, we capture epistemic uncertainty estimates of our model using Monte Carlo dropout. A novel post-processing technique is then applied to exploit these estimates and transfer their layered appearance to smooth blob-shaped segmentations of the anomalies. We experimentally validated this approach in retinal optical coherence tomography (OCT) images, using weak labels of retinal layers. Our method achieved a Dice index of 0.789 in an independent anomaly test set of age-related macular degeneration (AMD) cases. The resulting segmentations allowed very high accuracy for separating healthy and diseased cases with late wet AMD, dry geographic atrophy (GA), diabetic macular edema (DME) and retinal vein occlusion (RVO). Finally, we qualitatively observed that our approach can also detect other deviations in normal scans such as cut edge artifacts. 
### 47.Bandlimiting Neural Networks Against Adversarial Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12797.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the adversarial attack and defence problem in deep learning from the perspective of Fourier analysis. We first explicitly compute the Fourier transform of deep ReLU neural networks and show that there exist decaying but non-zero high frequency components in the Fourier spectrum of neural networks. We demonstrate that the vulnerability of neural networks towards adversarial samples can be attributed to these insignificant but non-zero high frequency components. Based on this analysis, we propose to use a simple post-averaging technique to smooth out these high frequency components to improve the robustness of neural networks against adversarial attacks. Experimental results on the ImageNet dataset have shown that our proposed method is universally effective to defend many existing adversarial attacking methods proposed in the literature, including FGSM, PGD, DeepFool and C&amp;W attacks. Our post-averaging method is simple since it does not require any re-training, and meanwhile it can successfully defend over 95% of the adversarial samples generated by these methods without introducing any significant performance degradation (less than 1%) on the original clean images. 
### 48.Batch weight for domain adaptation with mass shift  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12760.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain transfer is the task of transferring or translating samples from a source distribution to a different target distribution. Current solutions unsupervised domain transfer often operate on data on which the modes of the distribution are well-matched, for instance have the same frequencies of classes between source and target distributions. However, these models do not perform well when the modes are not well-matched, as would be the case when samples are drawn independently from two different, but related, domains. This mode imbalance is problematic as generative adversarial networks (GANs), a successful approach in this setting, are sensitive to mode frequency, which results in a mismatch of semantics between source samples and generated samples of the target distribution. We propose a principled method of re-weighting training samples to correct for such mass shift between the transferred distributions, which we call batch-weight. We also provide rigorous probabilistic setting for domain transfer and new simplified objective for training transfer networks, an alternative to complex, multi-component loss functions used in the current state-of-the art image-to-image translation models. The new objective stems from the discrimination of joint distributions and enforces cycle-consistency in an abstract, high-level, rather than pixel-wise, sense. Lastly, we experimentally show the effectiveness of the proposed methods in several image-to-image translation tasks. 
### 49.Zeroth-Order Stochastic Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers for Nonconvex Nonsmooth Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12729.pdf)
>  Alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) is a popular optimization tool for the composite and constrained problems in machine learning. However, in many machine learning problems such as black-box attacks and bandit feedback, ADMM could fail because the explicit gradients of these problems are difficult or infeasible to obtain. Zeroth-order (gradient-free) methods can effectively solve these problems due to that the objective function values are only required in the optimization. Recently, though there exist a few zeroth-order ADMM methods, they build on the convexity of objective function. Clearly, these existing zeroth-order methods are limited in many applications. In the paper, thus, we propose a class of fast zeroth-order stochastic ADMM methods (i.e., ZO-SVRG-ADMM and ZO-SAGA-ADMM) for solving nonconvex problems with multiple nonsmooth penalties, based on the coordinate smoothing gradient estimator. Moreover, we prove that both the ZO-SVRG-ADMM and ZO-SAGA-ADMM have convergence rate of $O(1/T)$, where $T$ denotes the number of iterations. In particular, our methods not only reach the best convergence rate $O(1/T)$ for the nonconvex optimization, but also are able to effectively solve many complex machine learning problems with multiple regularized penalties and constraints. Finally, we conduct the experiments of black-box binary classification and structured adversarial attack on black-box deep neural network to validate the efficiency of our algorithms. 
### 50.A Quaternion-based Certifiably Optimal Solution to the Wahba Problem with Outliers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.12536.pdf)
>  The Wahba problem, also known as rotation search, seeks to find the best rotation to align two sets of vector observations given putative correspondences, and is a fundamental routine in many computer vision and robotics applications. This work proposes the first polynomial-time certifiably optimal approach for solving the Wahba problem when a large number of vector observations are outliers. Our first contribution is to formulate the Wahba problem using a Truncated Least Squares (TLS) cost that is insensitive to a large fraction of spurious correspondences. The second contribution is to rewrite the problem using unit quaternions and show that the TLS cost can be framed as a Quadratically-Constrained Quadratic Program (QCQP). Since the resulting optimization is still highly non-convex and hard to solve globally, our third contribution is to develop a convex Semidefinite Programming (SDP) relaxation. We show that while a naive relaxation performs poorly in general, our relaxation is tight even in the presence of large noise and outliers. We validate the proposed algorithm, named QUASAR (QUAternion-based Semidefinite relAxation for Robust alignment), in both synthetic and real datasets showing that the algorithm outperforms RANSAC, robust local optimization techniques, and global outlier-removal methods. QUASAR is able to compute certifiably optimal solutions (i.e. the relaxation is exact) even in the case when 95% of the correspondences are outliers. 
