# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 13 May 2019
### 1.Exploiting temporal context for 3D human pose estimation in the wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04266.pdf)
>  We present a bundle-adjustment-based algorithm for recovering accurate 3D human pose and meshes from monocular videos. Unlike previous algorithms which operate on single frames, we show that reconstructing a person over an entire sequence gives extra constraints that can resolve ambiguities. This is because videos often give multiple views of a person, yet the overall body shape does not change and 3D positions vary slowly. Our method improves not only on standard mocap-based datasets like Human 3.6M -- where we show quantitative improvements -- but also on challenging in-the-wild datasets such as Kinetics. Building upon our algorithm, we present a new dataset of more than 3 million frames of YouTube videos from Kinetics with automatically generated 3D poses and meshes. We show that retraining a single-frame 3D pose estimator on this data improves accuracy on both real-world and mocap data by evaluating on the 3DPW and HumanEVA datasets. 
### 2.Breast Tumor Classification and Segmentation using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04247.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is considered as the most fatal type of cancer among women worldwide and it is crucially important to be diagnosed at its early stages. In the current study, we aim to represent a fast and efficient framework which consists of two main parts:1- image classification, and 2- tumor region segmentation. At the initial stage, the images are classified into the two categories of normal and abnormal. Since the Deep Neural Networks have performed successfully in machine vision task, we would employ the convolutional neural networks for the classification of images. In the second stage, the suggested framework is to diagnose and segment the tumor in the mammography images. First, the mammography images are pre-processed by removing noise and artifacts, and then, segment the image using the level-set algorithm based on the spatial fuzzy c-means clustering. The proper initialization and optimal configuration have strong effects on the performance of the level-set segmentation. Thus, in our suggested framework, we have improved the level-set algorithm by utilizing the spatial fuzzy c-means clustering which ultimately results in a more precise segmentation. In order to evaluate the proposed approach, we conducted experiments using the Mammographic Image Analysis (MIAS) dataset. The tests have shown that the convolutional neural networks could achieve high accuracy in classification of images. Moreover, the improved level-set segmentation method, along with the fuzzy c-means clustering, could perfectly do the segmentation on the tumor area. The suggested method has classified the images with the accuracy of 78% and the AUC of 69%, which, as compared to the previous methods, is 2% more accurate and 6% better AUC; and has been able to extract the tumor area in a more precise way. 
### 3.Neuroscore: A Brain-inspired Evaluation Metric for Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04243.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are increasingly attracting attention in the computer vision, natural language processing, speech synthesis and similar domains. Arguably the most striking results have been in the area of image synthesis. However, evaluating the performance of GANs is still an open and challenging problem. Existing evaluation metrics primarily measure the dissimilarity between real and generated images using automated statistical methods. They often require large sample sizes for evaluation and do not directly reflect the human perception of the image quality. In this work, we introduce an evaluation metric we call Neuroscore, for evaluating the performance of GANs, that more directly reflects psychoperceptual image quality through the utilization of brain signals. Our results show that Neuroscore has superior performances to the current evaluation metrics in that: (1) It is more consistent with human judgment; (2) The evaluation process needs much smaller numbers of samples; and (3) It is able to rank the quality of images on a per GAN basis. A convolutional neural network based brain-inspired framework is also proposed to predict Neuroscore from GAN-generated images. Importantly, we show that including neural responses during the training phase of the network can significantly improve the prediction capability of the proposed model. 
### 4.Talking with Your Hands: Scaling Hand Gestures and Recognition with CNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04225.pdf)
>  The use of hand gestures provides a natural alternative to cumbersome interface devices for Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) systems. As the technology advances and communication between humans and machines becomes more complex, HCI systems should also be scaled accordingly in order to accommodate the introduced complexities. In this paper, we propose a methodology to scale hand gestures by forming them with predefined gesture-phonemes, and a convolutional neural network (CNN) based framework to recognize hand gestures by learning only their constituents of gesture-phonemes. The total number of possible hand gestures can be increased exponentially by increasing the number of used gesture-phonemes. For this objective, we introduce a new benchmark dataset named Scaled Hand Gestures Dataset (SHGD) with only gesture-phonemes in its training set and 3-tuples gestures in the test set. In our experimental analysis, we achieve to recognize hand gestures containing one and three gesture-phonemes with an accuracy of 98.47% (in 15 classes) and 94.69% (in 810 classes), respectively. Our dataset, code and pretrained models are publicly available. 
### 5.EdgeSegNet: A Compact Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04222.pdf)
>  In this study, we introduce EdgeSegNet, a compact deep convolutional neural network for the task of semantic segmentation. A human-machine collaborative design strategy is leveraged to create EdgeSegNet, where principled network design prototyping is coupled with machine-driven design exploration to create networks with customized module-level macroarchitecture and microarchitecture designs tailored for the task. Experimental results showed that EdgeSegNet can achieve semantic segmentation accuracy comparable with much larger and computationally complex networks (&gt;20x} smaller model size than RefineNet) as well as achieving an inference speed of ~38.5 FPS on an NVidia Jetson AGX Xavier. As such, the proposed EdgeSegNet is well-suited for low-power edge scenarios. 
### 6.Virtual Mixup Training for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04215.pdf)
>  We study the problem of unsupervised domain adaptation which aims to adapt models trained on a labeled source domain to a completely unlabeled target domain. Domain adversarial training is a promising approach and has been a basis for many state-of-the-art approaches in unsupervised domain adaptation. The idea of domain adversarial training is to align the feature space between the source domain and target domain by adversarially training a domain classifier and a feature encoder. Recently, cluster assumption has been applied to unsupervised domain adaptation and achieved strong performance. In this paper, we propose a new regularization method called Virtual Mixup Training (VMT), which is able to further constrain the hypothesis of cluster assumption. The idea of VMT is to impose a locally-Lipschitz constraint on the model by smoothing the output distribution along the lines between pairs of training samples. Unlike the traditional mixup model, our method constructs the combination samples without label information, allowing it to be applicable to unsupervised domain adaptation. The proposed method is generic and can be combined with existing methods using domain adversarial training. We combine VMT with a recent state-of-the-art model called VADA, and extensive experiments demonstrate that VMT significantly improves the performance of VADA on several domain adaptation benchmark datasets. For the challenging task of adapting MNIST to SVHN, when not using instance normalization, VMT improves the accuracy of VADA by over 30%. When using instance normalization, our model achieves an accuracy of 96.4%, which is very close to the accuracy (96.5%) of the train-on-target model. Code will be made publicly available. 
### 7.Kindling the Darkness: A Practical Low-light Image Enhancer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04161.pdf)
>  Images captured under low-light conditions often suffer from (partially) poor visibility. Besides unsatisfactory lightings, multiple types of degradations, such as noise and color distortion due to the limited quality of cameras, hide in the dark. In other words, solely turning up the brightness of dark regions will inevitably amplify hidden artifacts. This work builds a simple yet effective network for \textbf{Kin}dling the \textbf{D}arkness (denoted as KinD), which, inspired by Retinex theory, decomposes images into two components. One component (illumination) is responsible for light adjustment, while the other (reflectance) for degradation removal. In such a way, the original space is decoupled into two smaller subspaces, expecting to be better regularized/learned. It is worth to note that our network is trained with paired images shot under different exposure conditions, instead of using any ground-truth reflectance and illumination information. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the efficacy of our design and its superiority over state-of-the-art alternatives. Our KinD is robust against severe visual defects, and user-friendly to arbitrarily adjust light levels. In addition, our model spends less than 50ms to process an image in VGA resolution on a 2080Ti GPU. All the above merits make our KinD attractive for practical use. 
### 8.DeepICP: An End-to-End Deep Neural Network for 3D Point Cloud Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04153.pdf)
>  We present DeepICP - a novel end-to-end learning-based 3D point cloud registration framework that achieves comparable registration accuracy to prior state-of-the-art geometric methods. Different from other keypoint based methods where a RANSAC procedure is usually needed, we implement the use of various deep neural network structures to establish an end-to-end trainable network. Our keypoint detector is trained through this end-to-end structure and enables the system to avoid the inference of dynamic objects, leverages the help of sufficiently salient features on stationary objects, and as a result, achieves high robustness. Rather than searching the corresponding points among existing points, the key contribution is that we innovatively generate them based on learned matching probabilities among a group of candidates, which can boost the registration accuracy. Our loss function incorporates both the local similarity and the global geometric constraints to ensure all above network designs can converge towards the right direction. We comprehensively validate the effectiveness of our approach using both the KITTI dataset and the Apollo-SouthBay dataset. Results demonstrate that our method achieves comparable or better performance than the state-of-the-art geometry-based methods. Detailed ablation and visualization analysis are included to further illustrate the behavior and insights of our network. The low registration error and high robustness of our method makes it attractive for substantial applications relying on the point cloud registration task. 
### 9.Neural-Guided RANSAC: Learning Where to Sample Model Hypotheses  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04132.pdf)
>  We present Neural-Guided RANSAC (NG-RANSAC), an extension to the classic RANSAC algorithm from robust optimization. NG-RANSAC uses prior information to improve model hypothesis search, increasing the chance of finding outlier-free minimal sets. Previous works use heuristic side-information like hand-crafted descriptor distance to guide hypothesis search. In contrast, we learn hypothesis search in a principled fashion that lets us optimize an arbitrary task loss during training, leading to large improvements on classic computer vision tasks. We present two further extensions to NG-RANSAC. Firstly, using the inlier count itself as training signal allows us to train neural guidance in a self-supervised fashion. Secondly, we combine neural guidance with differentiable RANSAC to build neural networks which focus on certain parts of the input data and make the output predictions as good as possible. We evaluate NG-RANSAC on a wide array of computer vision tasks, namely estimation of epipolar geometry, horizon line estimation and camera re-localization. We achieve superior or competitive results compared to state-of-the-art robust estimators, including very recent, learned ones. 
### 10.Towards Emotion Retrieval in Egocentric PhotoStream  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04107.pdf)
>  The availability and use of egocentric data are rapidly increasing due to the growing use of wearable cameras. Our aim is to study the effect (positive, neutral or negative) of egocentric images or events on an observer. Given egocentric photostreams capturing the wearer's days, we propose a method that aims to assign sentiment to events extracted from egocentric photostreams. Such moments can be candidates to retrieve according to their possibility of representing a positive experience for the camera's wearer. The proposed approach obtained a classification accuracy of 75% on the test set, with a deviation of 8%. Our model makes a step forward opening the door to sentiment recognition in egocentric photostreams. 
### 11.Hierarchical approach to classify food scenes in egocentric photo-streams  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04097.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that the environment where people eat can affect their nutritional behaviour. In this work, we provide automatic tools for a personalised analysis of a person's health habits by the examination of daily recorded egocentric photo-streams. Specifically, we propose a new automatic approach for the classification of food-related environments, that is able to classify up to 15 such scenes. In this way, people can monitor the context around their food intake in order to get an objective insight into their daily eating routine. We propose a model that classifies food-related scenes organized in a semantic hierarchy. Additionally, we present and make available a new egocentric dataset composed of more than 33000 images recorded by a wearable camera, over which our proposed model has been tested. Our approach obtains an accuracy and F-score of 56\% and 65\%, respectively, clearly outperforming the baseline methods. 
### 12.Towards Unsupervised Familiar Scene Recognition in Egocentric Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04093.pdf)
>  Nowadays, there is an upsurge of interest in using lifelogging devices. Such devices generate huge amounts of image data; consequently, the need for automatic methods for analyzing and summarizing these data is drastically increasing. We present a new method for familiar scene recognition in egocentric videos, based on background pattern detection through automatically configurable COSFIRE filters. We present some experiments over egocentric data acquired with the Narrative Clip. 
### 13.SPLINE-Net: Sparse Photometric Stereo through Lighting Interpolation and Normal Estimation Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04088.pdf)
>  This paper solves the Sparse Photometric stereo through Lighting Interpolation and Normal Estimation using a generative Network (SPLINE-Net). SPLINE-Net contains a lighting interpolation network to generate dense lighting observations given a sparse set of lights as inputs followed by a normal estimation network to estimate surface normals. Both networks are jointly constrained by the proposed symmetric and asymmetric loss functions to enforce isotropic constrain and perform outlier rejection of global illumination effects. SPLINE-Net is verified to outperform existing methods for photometric stereo of general BRDFs by using only ten images of different lights instead of using nearly one hundred images. 
### 14.Support Relation Analysis for Objects in Multiple View RGB-D Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04084.pdf)
>  Understanding physical relations between objects, especially their support relations, is crucial for robotic manipulation. There has been work on reasoning about support relations and structural stability of simple configurations in RGB-D images. In this paper, we propose a method for extracting more detailed physical knowledge from a set of RGB-D images taken from the same scene but from different views using qualitative reasoning and intuitive physical models. Rather than providing a simple contact relation graph and approximating stability over convex shapes, our method is able to provide a detailed supporting relation analysis based on a volumetric representation. Specifically, true supporting relations between objects (e.g., if an object supports another object by touching it on the side or if the object above contributes to the stability of the object below) are identified. We apply our method to real-world structures captured in warehouse scenarios and show our method works as desired. 
### 15.Unsupervised routine discovery in egocentric photo-streams  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04076.pdf)
>  The routine of a person is defined by the occurrence of activities throughout different days, and can directly affect the person's health. In this work, we address the recognition of routine related days. To do so, we rely on egocentric images, which are recorded by a wearable camera and allow to monitor the life of the user from a first-person view perspective. We propose an unsupervised model that identifies routine related days, following an outlier detection approach. We test the proposed framework over a total of 72 days in the form of photo-streams covering around 2 weeks of the life of 5 different camera wearers. Our model achieves an average of 76% Accuracy and 68% Weighted F-Score for all the users. Thus, we show that our framework is able to recognise routine related days and opens the door to the understanding of the behaviour of people. 
### 16.Region Attention Networks for Pose and Occlusion Robust Facial Expression Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04075.pdf)
>  Occlusion and pose variations, which can change facial appearance significantly, are two major obstacles for automatic Facial Expression Recognition (FER). Though automatic FER has made substantial progresses in the past few decades, occlusion-robust and pose-invariant issues of FER have received relatively less attention, especially in real-world scenarios. This paper addresses the real-world pose and occlusion robust FER problem with three-fold contributions. First, to stimulate the research of FER under real-world occlusions and variant poses, we build several in-the-wild facial expression datasets with manual annotations for the community. Second, we propose a novel Region Attention Network (RAN), to adaptively capture the importance of facial regions for occlusion and pose variant FER. The RAN aggregates and embeds varied number of region features produced by a backbone convolutional neural network into a compact fixed-length representation. Last, inspired by the fact that facial expressions are mainly defined by facial action units, we propose a region biased loss to encourage high attention weights for the most important regions. We validate our RAN and region biased loss on both our built test datasets and four popular datasets: FERPlus, AffectNet, RAF-DB, and SFEW. Extensive experiments show that our RAN and region biased loss largely improve the performance of FER with occlusion and variant pose. Our method also achieves state-of-the-art results on FERPlus, AffectNet, RAF-DB, and SFEW. Code and the collected test data will be publicly available. 
### 17.Towards Egocentric Person Re-identification and Social Pattern Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04073.pdf)
>  Wearable cameras capture a first-person view of the daily activities of the camera wearer, offering a visual diary of the user behaviour. Detection of the appearance of people the camera user interacts with for social interactions analysis is of high interest. Generally speaking, social events, lifestyle and health are highly correlated, but there is a lack of tools to monitor and analyse them. We consider that egocentric vision provides a tool to obtain information and understand users social interactions. We propose a model that enables us to evaluate and visualize social traits obtained by analysing social interactions appearance within egocentric photostreams. Given sets of egocentric images, we detect the appearance of faces within the days of the camera wearer, and rely on clustering algorithms to group their feature descriptors in order to re-identify persons. Recurrence of detected faces within photostreams allows us to shape an idea of the social pattern of behaviour of the user. We validated our model over several weeks recorded by different camera wearers. Our findings indicate that social profiles are potentially useful for social behaviour interpretation. 
### 18.Exact Adversarial Attack to Image Captioning via Structured Output Learning with Latent Variables  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04016.pdf)
>  In this work, we study the robustness of a CNN+RNN based image captioning system being subjected to adversarial noises. We propose to fool an image captioning system to generate some targeted partial captions for an image polluted by adversarial noises, even the targeted captions are totally irrelevant to the image content. A partial caption indicates that the words at some locations in this caption are observed, while words at other locations are not <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://restricted.It" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> is the first work to study exact adversarial attacks of targeted partial captions. Due to the sequential dependencies among words in a caption, we formulate the generation of adversarial noises for targeted partial captions as a structured output learning problem with latent variables. Both the generalized expectation maximization algorithm and structural SVMs with latent variables are then adopted to optimize the problem. The proposed methods generate very successful at-tacks to three popular CNN+RNN based image captioning models. Furthermore, the proposed attack methods are used to understand the inner mechanism of image captioning systems, providing the guidance to further improve automatic image captioning systems towards human captioning. 
### 19.A fast online cascaded regression algorithm for face alignment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04010.pdf)
>  Traditional face alignment based on machine learning usually tracks the localizations of facial landmarks employing a static model trained offline where all of the training data is available in advance. When new training samples arrive, the static model must be retrained from scratch, which is excessively time-consuming and memory-consuming. In many real-time applications, the training data is obtained one by one or batch by batch. It results in that the static model limits its performance on sequential images with extensive variations. Therefore, the most critical and challenging aspect in this field is dynamically updating the tracker's models to enhance predictive and generalization capabilities continuously. In order to address this question, we develop a fast and accurate online learning algorithm for face alignment. Particularly, we incorporate on-line sequential extreme learning machine into a parallel cascaded regression framework, coined incremental cascade regression(ICR). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first incremental cascaded framework with the non-linear regressor. One main advantage of ICR is that the tracker model can be fast updated in an incremental way without the entire retraining process when a new input is incoming. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed ICR is more accurate and efficient on still or sequential images compared with the recent state-of-the-art cascade approaches. Furthermore, the incremental learning proposed in this paper can update the trained model in real time. 
### 20.Memory-Attended Recurrent Network for Video Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03966.pdf)
>  Typical techniques for video captioning follow the encoder-decoder framework, which can only focus on one source video being processed. A potential disadvantage of such design is that it cannot capture the multiple visual context information of a word appearing in more than one relevant videos in training data. To tackle this limitation, we propose the Memory-Attended Recurrent Network (MARN) for video captioning, in which a memory structure is designed to explore the full-spectrum correspondence between a word and its various similar visual contexts across videos in training data. Thus, our model is able to achieve a more comprehensive understanding for each word and yield higher captioning quality. Furthermore, the built memory structure enables our method to model the compatibility between adjacent words explicitly instead of asking the model to learn implicitly, as most existing models do. Extensive validation on two real-word datasets demonstrates that our MARN consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods. 
### 21.Spatio-temporal Video Re-localization by Warp LSTM  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03922.pdf)
>  The need for efficiently finding the video content a user wants is increasing because of the erupting of user-generated videos on the Web. Existing keyword-based or content-based video retrieval methods usually determine what occurs in a video but not when and where. In this paper, we make an answer to the question of when and where by formulating a new task, namely spatio-temporal video re-localization. Specifically, given a query video and a reference video, spatio-temporal video re-localization aims to localize tubelets in the reference video such that the tubelets semantically correspond to the query. To accurately localize the desired tubelets in the reference video, we propose a novel warp LSTM network, which propagates the spatio-temporal information for a long period and thereby captures the corresponding long-term dependencies. Another issue for spatio-temporal video re-localization is the lack of properly labeled video datasets. Therefore, we reorganize the videos in the AVA dataset to form a new dataset for spatio-temporal video re-localization research. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed model achieves superior performances over the designed baselines on the spatio-temporal video re-localization task. 
### 22.Multi-scale Aggregation R-CNN for 2D Multi-person Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03912.pdf)
>  Multi-person pose estimation from a 2D image is challenging because it requires not only keypoint localization but also human detection. In state-of-the-art top-down methods, multi-scale information is a crucial factor for the accurate pose estimation because it contains both of local information around the keypoints and global information of the entire person. Although multi-scale information allows these methods to achieve the state-of-the-art performance, the top-down methods still require a huge amount of computation because they need to use an additional human detector to feed the cropped human image to their pose estimation model. To effectively utilize multi-scale information with the smaller computation, we propose a multi-scale aggregation R-CNN (MSA R-CNN). It consists of multi-scale RoIAlign block (MS-RoIAlign) and multi-scale keypoint head network (MS-KpsNet) which are designed to effectively utilize multi-scale information. Also, in contrast to previous top-down methods, the MSA R-CNN performs human detection and keypoint localization in a single model, which results in reduced computation. The proposed model achieved the best performance among single model-based methods and its results are comparable to those of separated model-based methods with a smaller amount of computation on the publicly available 2D multi-person keypoint localization dataset. 
### 23.Illumination Normalization via Merging Locally Enhanced Textures for Robust Face Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03904.pdf)
>  In order to improve the accuracy of face recognition under varying illumination conditions, a local texture enhanced illumination normalization method based on fusion of differential filtering images (FDFI-LTEIN) is proposed to weaken the influence caused by illumination changes. Firstly, the dynamic range of the face image in dark or shadowed regions is expanded by logarithmic transformation. Then, the global contrast enhanced face image is convolved with difference of Gaussian filters and difference of bilateral filters, and the filtered images are weighted and merged using a coefficient selection rule based on the standard deviation (SD) of image, which can enhance image texture information while filtering out most noise. Finally, the local contrast equalization (LCE) is performed on the fused face image to reduce the influence caused by over or under saturated pixel values in highlight or dark regions. Experimental results on the Extended Yale B face database and CMU PIE face database demonstrate that the proposed method is more robust to illumination changes and achieve higher recognition accuracy when compared with other illumination normalization methods and a deep CNNs based illumination invariant face recognition method 
### 24.Deep Sky Modeling for Single Image Outdoor Lighting Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03897.pdf)
>  We propose a data-driven learned sky model, which we use for outdoor lighting estimation from a single image. As no large-scale dataset of images and their corresponding ground truth illumination is readily available, we use complementary datasets to train our approach, combining the vast diversity of illumination conditions of SUN360 with the radiometrically calibrated and physically accurate Laval HDR sky database. Our key contribution is to provide a holistic view of both lighting modeling and estimation, solving both problems end-to-end. From a test image, our method can directly estimate an HDR environment map of the lighting without relying on analytical lighting models. We demonstrate the versatility and expressivity of our learned sky model and show that it can be used to recover plausible illumination, leading to visually pleasant virtual object insertions. To further evaluate our method, we capture a dataset of HDR 360° panoramas and show through extensive validation that we significantly outperform previous state-of-the-art. 
### 25.Ship classification from overhead imagery using synthetic data and domain adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03894.pdf)
>  In this paper, we revisit the problem of classifying ships (maritime vessels) detected from overhead imagery. Despite the last decade of research on this very important and pertinent problem, it remains largely unsolved. One of the major issues with the detection and classification of ships and other objects in the maritime domain is the lack of substantial ground truth data needed to train state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms. We address this issue by building a large (200k) synthetic image dataset using the Unity gaming engine and 3D ship models. We demonstrate that with the use of synthetic data, classification performance increases dramatically, particularly when there are very few annotated images used in training. 
### 26.Joint Segmentation and Path Classification of Curvilinear Structures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03892.pdf)
>  Detection of curvilinear structures in images has long been of interest. One of the most challenging aspects of this problem is inferring the graph representation of the curvilinear network. Most existing delineation approaches first perform binary segmentation of the image and then refine it using either a set of hand-designed heuristics or a separate classifier that assigns likelihood to paths extracted from the pixel-wise prediction. In our work, we bridge the gap between segmentation and path classification by training a deep network that performs those two tasks simultaneously. We show that this approach is beneficial because it enforces consistency across the whole processing pipeline. We apply our approach on roads and neurons datasets. 
### 27.Hierarchical Cross-Modal Talking Face Generationwith Dynamic Pixel-Wise Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03820.pdf)
>  We devise a cascade GAN approach to generate talking face video, which is robust to different face shapes, view angles, facial characteristics, and noisy audio conditions. Instead of learning a direct mapping from audio to video frames, we propose first to transfer audio to high-level structure, i.e., the facial landmarks, and then to generate video frames conditioned on the landmarks. Compared to a direct audio-to-image approach, our cascade approach avoids fitting spurious correlations between audiovisual signals that are irrelevant to the speech content. We, humans, are sensitive to temporal discontinuities and subtle artifacts in video. To avoid those pixel jittering problems and to enforce the network to focus on audiovisual-correlated regions, we propose a novel dynamically adjustable pixel-wise loss with an attention mechanism. Furthermore, to generate a sharper image with well-synchronized facial movements, we propose a novel regression-based discriminator structure, which considers sequence-level information along with frame-level information. Thoughtful experiments on several datasets and real-world samples demonstrate significantly better results obtained by our method than the state-of-the-art methods in both quantitative and qualitative comparisons. 
### 28.Interpreting and Evaluating Neural Network Robustness  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04270.pdf)
>  Recently, adversarial deception becomes one of the most considerable threats to deep neural networks. However, compared to extensive research in new designs of various adversarial attacks and defenses, the neural networks' intrinsic robustness property is still lack of thorough investigation. This work aims to qualitatively interpret the adversarial attack and defense mechanism through loss visualization, and establish a quantitative metric to evaluate the neural network model's intrinsic robustness. The proposed robustness metric identifies the upper bound of a model's prediction divergence in the given domain and thus indicates whether the model can maintain a stable prediction. With extensive experiments, our metric demonstrates several advantages over conventional adversarial testing accuracy based robustness estimation: (1) it provides a uniformed evaluation to models with different structures and parameter scales; (2) it over-performs conventional accuracy based robustness estimation and provides a more reliable evaluation that is invariant to different test settings; (3) it can be fast generated without considerable testing cost. 
### 29.T-Net: Encoder-Decoder in Encoder-Decoder architecture for the main vessel segmentation in coronary angiography  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04197.pdf)
>  In this paper, we proposed T-Net containing a small encoder-decoder inside the encoder-decoder structure (EDiED). T-Net overcomes the limitation that U-Net can only have a single set of the concatenate layer between encoder and decoder block. To be more precise, the U-Net symmetrically forms the concatenate layers, so the low-level feature of the encoder is connected to the latter part of the decoder, and the high-level feature is connected to the beginning of the decoder. T-Net arranges the pooling and up-sampling appropriately during the encoder process, and likewise during the decoding process so that feature-maps of various sizes are obtained in a single block. As a result, all features from the low-level to the high-level extracted from the encoder are delivered from the beginning of the decoder to predict a more accurate mask. We evaluated T-Net for the problem of segmenting three main vessels in coronary angiography images. The experiment consisted of a comparison of U-Net and T-Nets under the same conditions, and an optimized T-Net for the main vessel segmentation. As a result, T-Net recorded a Dice Similarity Coefficient score (DSC) of 0.815, 0.095 higher than that of U-Net, and the optimized T-Net recorded a DSC of 0.890 which was 0.170 higher than that of U-Net. In addition, we visualized the weight activation of the convolutional layer of T-Net and U-Net to show that T-Net actually predicts the mask from earlier decoders. Therefore, we expect that T-Net can be effectively applied to other similar medical image segmentation problems. 
### 30.AI in the media and creative industries  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04175.pdf)
>  Thanks to the Big Data revolution and increasing computing capacities, Artificial Intelligence (AI) has made an impressive revival over the past few years and is now omnipresent in both research and industry. The creative sectors have always been early adopters of AI technologies and this continues to be the case. As a matter of fact, recent technological developments keep pushing the boundaries of intelligent systems in creative applications: the critically acclaimed movie "Sunspring", released in 2016, was entirely written by AI technology, and the first-ever Music Album, called "Hello World", produced using AI has been released this year. Simultaneously, the exploratory nature of the creative process is raising important technical challenges for AI such as the ability for AI-powered techniques to be accurate under limited data resources, as opposed to the conventional "Big Data" approach, or the ability to process, analyse and match data from multiple modalities (text, sound, images, etc.) at the same time. The purpose of this white paper is to understand future technological advances in AI and their growing impact on creative industries. This paper addresses the following questions: Where does AI operate in creative Industries? What is its operative role? How will AI transform creative industries in the next ten years? This white paper aims to provide a realistic perspective of the scope of AI actions in creative industries, proposes a vision of how this technology could contribute to research and development works in such context, and identifies research and development challenges. 
### 31.On the Connection Between Adversarial Robustness and Saliency Map Interpretability  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04172.pdf)
>  Recent studies on the adversarial vulnerability of neural networks have shown that models trained to be more robust to adversarial attacks exhibit more interpretable saliency maps than their non-robust counterparts. We aim to quantify this behavior by considering the alignment between input image and saliency map. We hypothesize that as the distance to the decision boundary grows,so does the alignment. This connection is strictly true in the case of linear models. We confirm these theoretical findings with experiments based on models trained with a local Lipschitz regularization and identify where the non-linear nature of neural networks weakens the relation. 
### 32.Single-Path NAS: Device-Aware Efficient ConvNet Design  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04159.pdf)
>  Can we automatically design a Convolutional Network (ConvNet) with the highest image classification accuracy under the latency constraint of a mobile device? Neural Architecture Search (NAS) for ConvNet design is a challenging problem due to the combinatorially large design space and search time (at least 200 GPU-hours). To alleviate this complexity, we propose Single-Path NAS, a novel differentiable NAS method for designing device-efficient ConvNets in less than 4 hours. 1. Novel NAS formulation: our method introduces a single-path, over-parameterized ConvNet to encode all architectural decisions with shared convolutional kernel parameters. 2. NAS efficiency: Our method decreases the NAS search cost down to 8 epochs (30 TPU-hours), i.e., up to 5,000x faster compared to prior work. 3. On-device image classification: Single-Path NAS achieves 74.96% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet with 79ms inference latency on a Pixel 1 phone, which is state-of-the-art accuracy compared to NAS methods with similar latency (&lt;80ms). 
### 33.Two-layer Near-lossless HDR Coding with Backward Compatibility to JPEG  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04129.pdf)
>  We propose an efficient two-layer near-lossless coding method using an extended histogram packing technique with backward compatibility to the legacy JPEG standard. The JPEG XT, which is the international standard to compress HDR images, adopts a two-layer coding method for backward compatibility to the legacy JPEG standard. However, there are two problems with this two-layer coding method. One is that it does not exhibit better near-lossless performance than other methods for HDR image compression with single-layer structure. The other problem is that the determining the appropriate values of the coding parameters may be required for each input image to achieve good compression performance of near-lossless compression with the two-layer coding method of the JPEG XT. To solve these problems, we focus on a histogram-packing technique that takes into account the histogram sparseness of HDR images. We used zero-skip quantization, which is an extension of the histogram-packing technique proposed for lossless coding, for implementing the proposed near-lossless coding method. The experimental results indicate that the proposed method exhibits not only a better near-lossless compression performance than that of the two-layer coding method of the JPEG XT, but also there are no issue regarding the combination of parameter values without losing backward compatibility to the JPEG standard. 
### 34.Which Contrast Does Matter? Towards a Deep Understanding of MR Contrast using Collaborative GAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04105.pdf)
>  Thanks to the recent success of generative adversarial network (GAN) for image synthesis, there are many exciting GAN approaches that successfully synthesize MR image contrast from other images with different contrasts. These approaches are potentially important for image imputation problems, where complete set of data is often difficult to obtain and image synthesis is one of the key solutions for handling the missing data problem. Unfortunately, the lack of the scalability of the existing GAN-based image translation approaches poses a fundamental challenge to understand the nature of the MR contrast imputation problem: which contrast does matter? Here, we present a systematic approach using Collaborative Generative Adversarial Networks (CollaGAN), which enable the learning of the joint image manifold of multiple MR contrasts to investigate which contrasts are essential. Our experimental results showed that the exogenous contrast from contrast agents is not replaceable, but other endogenous contrast such as T1, T2, etc can be synthesized from other contrast. These findings may give important guidance to the acquisition protocol design for MR in real clinical environment. 
### 35.Domain Adversarial Reinforcement Learning for Partial Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04094.pdf)
>  Partial domain adaptation aims to transfer knowledge from a label-rich source domain to a label-scarce target domain which relaxes the fully shared label space assumption across different domains. In this more general and practical scenario, a major challenge is how to select source instances in the shared classes across different domains for positive transfer. To address this issue, we propose a Domain Adversarial Reinforcement Learning (DARL) framework to automatically select source instances in the shared classes for circumventing negative transfer as well as to simultaneously learn transferable features between domains by reducing the domain shift. Specifically, in this framework, we employ deep Q-learning to learn policies for an agent to make selection decisions by approximating the action-value function. Moreover, domain adversarial learning is introduced to learn domain-invariant features for the selected source instances by the agent and the target instances, and also to determine rewards for the agent based on how relevant the selected source instances are to the target domain. Experiments on several benchmark datasets demonstrate that the superior performance of our DARL method over existing state of the arts for partial domain adaptation. 
### 36.Prototype Propagation Networks (PPN) for Weakly-supervised Few-shot Learning on Category Graph  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04042.pdf)
>  A variety of machine learning applications expect to achieve rapid learning from a limited number of labeled data. However, the success of most current models is the result of heavy training on big data. Meta-learning addresses this problem by extracting common knowledge across different tasks that can be quickly adapted to new tasks. However, they do not fully explore weakly-supervised information, which is usually free or cheap to collect. In this paper, we show that weakly-labeled data can significantly improve the performance of meta-learning on few-shot classification. We propose prototype propagation network (PPN) trained on few-shot tasks together with data annotated by coarse-label. Given a category graph of the targeted fine-classes and some weakly-labeled coarse-classes, PPN learns an attention mechanism which propagates the prototype of one class to another on the graph, so that the K-nearest neighbor (KNN) classifier defined on the propagated prototypes results in high accuracy across different few-shot tasks. The training tasks are generated by subgraph sampling, and the training objective is obtained by accumulating the level-wise classification loss on the subgraph. The resulting graph of prototypes can be continually re-used and updated for new tasks and classes. We also introduce two practical test/inference settings which differ according to whether the test task can leverage any weakly-supervised information as in training. On two benchmarks, PPN significantly outperforms most recent few-shot learning methods in different settings, even when they are also allowed to train on weakly-labeled data. 
### 37.Supervized Segmentation with Graph-Structured Deep Metric Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04014.pdf)
>  We present a fully-supervized method for learning to segment data structured by an adjacency graph. We introduce the graph-structured contrastive loss, a loss function structured by a ground truth segmentation. It promotes learning vertex embeddings which are homogeneous within desired segments, and have high contrast at their interface. Thus, computing a piecewise-constant approximation of such embeddings produces a graph-partition close to the objective segmentation. This loss is fully backpropagable, which allows us to learn vertex embeddings with deep learning algorithms. We evaluate our methods on a 3D point cloud oversegmentation task, defining a new state-of-the-art by a large margin. These results are based on the published work of Landrieu and Boussaha 2019. 
### 38.MobiVSR: A Visual Speech Recognition Solution for Mobile Devices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03968.pdf)
>  Visual speech recognition (VSR) is the task of recognizing spoken language from video input only, without any audio. VSR has many applications as an assistive technology, especially if it could be deployed in mobile devices and embedded systems. The need of intensive computational resources and large memory footprint are two of the major obstacles in developing neural network models for VSR in a resource constrained environment. We propose a novel end-to-end deep neural network architecture for word level VSR called MobiVSR with a design parameter that aids in balancing the model's accuracy and parameter count. We use depthwise-separable 3D convolution for the first time in the domain of VSR and show how it makes our model efficient. MobiVSR achieves an accuracy of 73\% on a challenging Lip Reading in the Wild dataset with 6 times fewer parameters and 20 times lesser memory footprint than the current state of the art. MobiVSR can also be compressed to 6 MB by applying post training quantization. 
### 39.Building 3D Object Models during Manipulation by Reconstruction-Aware Trajectory Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03907.pdf)
>  Object shape provides important information for robotic manipulation; for instance, selecting an effective grasp depends on both the global and local shape of the object of interest, while reaching into clutter requires accurate surface geometry to avoid unintended contact with the environment. Model-based 3D object manipulation is a widely studied problem; however, obtaining the accurate 3D object models for multiple objects often requires tedious work. In this letter, we exploit Gaussian process implicit surfaces (GPIS) extracted from RGB-D sensor data to grasp an unknown object. We propose a reconstruction-aware trajectory optimization that makes use of the extracted GPIS model plan a motion to improve the ability to estimate the object's 3D geometry, while performing a pick-and-place action. We present a probabilistic approach for a robot to autonomously learn and track the object, while achieve the manipulation task. <br>We use a sampling-based trajectory generation method to explore the unseen parts of the object using the estimated conditional entropy of the GPIS model. We validate our method with physical robot experiments across eleven different objects of varying shape from the YCB object dataset. Our experiments show that our reconstruction-aware trajectory optimization provides higher-quality 3D object reconstruction when compared with directly solving the manipulation task or using a heuristic to view unseen portions of the object. 
### 40.Exposure Interpolation Via Fusing Conventional and Deep Learning Methods  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03890.pdf)
>  Deep learning based methods have penetrated many image processing problems and become dominant solutions to these problems. A natural question raised here is "Is there any space for conventional methods on these problems?" In this paper, exposure interpolation is taken as an example to answer this question and the answer is "Yes". A framework on fusing conventional and deep learning method is introduced to generate an medium exposure image for two large-exposureratio images. Experimental results indicate that the quality of the medium exposure image is increased significantly through using the deep learning method to refine the interpolated image via the conventional method. The conventional method can be adopted to improve the convergence speed of the deep learning method and to reduce the number of samples which is required by the deep learning method. 
