# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 1 May 2019
### 1.Comparative evaluation of 2D feature correspondence selection algorithms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13383.pdf)
>  Correspondence selection aiming at seeking correct feature correspondences from raw feature matches is pivotal for a number of feature-matching-based tasks. Various 2D (image) correspondence selection algorithms have been presented with decades of progress. Unfortunately, the lack of an in-depth evaluation makes it difficult for developers to choose a proper algorithm given a specific application. This paper fills this gap by evaluating eight 2D correspondence selection algorithms ranging from classical methods to the most recent ones on four standard datasets. The diversity of experimental datasets brings various nuisances including zoom, rotation, blur, viewpoint change, JPEG compression, light change, different rendering styles and multi-structures for comprehensive test. To further create different distributions of initial matches, a set of combinations of detector and descriptor is also taken into consideration. We measure the quality of a correspondence selection algorithm from four perspectives, i.e., precision, recall, F-measure and efficiency. According to evaluation results, the current advantages and limitations of all considered algorithms are aggregately summarized which could be treated as a "user guide" for the following developers. 
### 2.The Level Weighted Structural Similarity Loss: A Step Away from the MSE  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13362.pdf)
>  The Mean Square Error (MSE) has shown its strength when applied in deep generative models such as Auto-Encoders to model reconstruction loss. However, in image domain especially, the limitation of MSE is obvious: it assumes pixel independence and ignores spatial relationships of samples. This contradicts most architectures of Auto-Encoders which use convolutional layers to extract spatial dependent features. We base on the structural similarity metric (SSIM) and propose a novel level weighted structural similarity (LWSSIM) loss for convolutional Auto-Encoders. Experiments on common datasets on various Auto-Encoder variants show that our loss is able to outperform the MSE loss and the Vanilla SSIM loss. We also provide reasons why our model is able to succeed in cases where the standard SSIM loss fails. 
### 3.Structured Prediction using cGANs with Fusion Discriminator  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13358.pdf)
>  We propose the fusion discriminator, a single unified framework for incorporating conditional information into a generative adversarial network (GAN) for a variety of distinct structured prediction tasks, including image synthesis, semantic segmentation, and depth estimation. Much like commonly used convolutional neural network -- conditional Markov random field (CNN-CRF) models, the proposed method is able to enforce higher-order consistency in the model, but without being limited to a very specific class of potentials. The method is conceptually simple and flexible, and our experimental results demonstrate improvement on several diverse structured prediction tasks. 
### 4.Object Contour and Edge Detection with RefineContourNet  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13353.pdf)
>  A ResNet-based multi-path refinement CNN is used for object contour detection. For this task, we prioritise the effective utilization of the high-level abstraction capability of a ResNet, which leads to state-of-the-art results for edge detection. Keeping our focus in mind, we fuse the high, mid and low-level features in that specific order, which differs from many other approaches. It uses the tensor with the highest-levelled features as the starting point to combine it layer-by-layer with features of a lower abstraction level until it reaches the lowest level. We train this network on a modified PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset for object contour detection and evaluate on a refined PASCAL-val dataset reaching an excellent performance and an Optimal Dataset Scale (ODS) of 0.752. Furthermore, by fine-training on the BSDS500 dataset we reach state-of-the-art results for edge-detection with an ODS of 0.824. 
### 5.PYRO-NN: Python Reconstruction Operators in Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13342.pdf)
>  Purpose: Recently, several attempts were conducted to transfer deep learning to medical image reconstruction. An increasingly number of publications follow the concept of embedding the CT reconstruction as a known operator into a neural network. However, most of the approaches presented lack an efficient CT reconstruction framework fully integrated into deep learning environments. As a result, many approaches are forced to use workarounds for mathematically unambiguously solvable problems. Methods: PYRO-NN is a generalized framework to embed known operators into the prevalent deep learning framework Tensorflow. The current status includes state-of-the-art parallel-, fan- and cone-beam projectors and back-projectors accelerated with CUDA provided as Tensorflow layers. On top, the framework provides a high level Python API to conduct FBP and iterative reconstruction experiments with data from real CT systems. Results: The framework provides all necessary algorithms and tools to design end-to-end neural network pipelines with integrated CT reconstruction algorithms. The high level Python API allows a simple use of the layers as known from Tensorflow. To demonstrate the capabilities of the layers, the framework comes with three baseline experiments showing a cone-beam short scan FDK reconstruction, a CT reconstruction filter learning setup, and a TV regularized iterative reconstruction. All algorithms and tools are referenced to a scientific publication and are compared to existing non deep learning reconstruction frameworks. The framework is available as open-source software at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/csyben/PYRO-NN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. Conclusions: PYRO-NN comes with the prevalent deep learning framework Tensorflow and allows to setup end-to-end trainable neural networks in the medical image reconstruction context. We believe that the framework will be a step towards reproducible research 
### 6.Segmentation is All You Need  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13300.pdf)
>  We propose a new paradigm of the detection task that is anchor-box free and NMS free. Although the current state-of-the-art model that based on region proposed method has been well-acknowledged for years, however as the basis of RPN, NMS cannot solve the problem of low recall in complicated occlusion situation. This situation is particularly critical when it faces up to complex occlusion. We proposed to use weak-supervised segmentation multimodal annotations to achieve a highly robust object detection performance without NMS. In such cases, we utilize poor annotated Bounding Box annotations to perform a robust object detection performance in the difficult circumstance. We have avoided all hyperparameters related to anchor boxes and NMS. Our proposed model has outperformed previous anchor-based one-stage and multi-stage detectors with the advantage of being much simpler. We have reached a state-of-the-art performance in both accuracies, recall rate. 
### 7.Detecting Reflections by Combining Semantic and Instance Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13273.pdf)
>  Reflections in natural images commonly cause false positives in automated detection systems. These false positives can lead to significant impairment of accuracy in the tasks of detection, counting and segmentation. Here, inspired by the recent panoptic approach to segmentation, we show how fusing instance and semantic segmentation can automatically identify reflection false positives, without explicitly needing to have the reflective regions labelled. We explore in detail how state of the art two-stage detectors suffer a loss of broader contextual features, and hence are unable to learn to ignore these reflections. We then present an approach to fuse instance and semantic segmentations for this application, and subsequently show how this reduces false positive detections in a real world surveillance data with a large number of reflective surfaces. This demonstrates how panoptic segmentation and related work, despite being in its infancy, can already be useful in real world computer vision problems. 
### 8.Non-Rigid Structure-From-Motion by Rank-One Basis Shapes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13271.pdf)
>  In this paper, we show that the affine, non-rigid structure-from-motion problem can be solved by rank-one, thus degenerate, basis shapes. It is a natural reformulation of the classic low-rank method by Bregler et al., where it was assumed that the deformable 3D structure is generated by a linear combination of rigid basis shapes. The non-rigid shape will be decomposed into the mean shape and the degenerate shapes, constructed from the right singular vectors of the low-rank decomposition. The right singular vectors are affinely back-projected into the 3D space, and the affine back-projections will also be solved as part of the factorisation. By construction, a direct interpretation for the right singular vectors of the low-rank decomposition will also follow: they can be seen as principal components, hence, the first variant of our method is referred to as Rank-1-PCA. The second variant, referred to as Rank-1-ICA, additionally estimates the orthogonal transform which maps the deformation modes into as statistically independent modes as possible. It has the advantage of pinpointing statistically dependent subspaces related to, for instance, lip movements on human faces. Moreover, in contrast to prior works, no predefined dimensionality for the subspaces is imposed. The experiments on several datasets show that the method achieves better results than the state-of-the-art, it can be computed faster, and it provides an intuitive interpretation for the deformation modes. 
### 9.Handwritten Chinese Font Generation with Collaborative Stroke Refinement  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13268.pdf)
>  Automatic character generation is an appealing solution for new typeface design, especially for Chinese typefaces including over 3700 most commonly-used characters. This task has two main pain points: (i) handwritten characters are usually associated with thin strokes of few information and complex structure which are error prone during deformation; (ii) thousands of characters with various shapes are needed to synthesize based on a few manually designed characters. To solve those issues, we propose a novel convolutional-neural-network-based model with three main techniques: collaborative stroke refinement, using collaborative training strategy to recover the missing or broken strokes; online zoom-augmentation, taking the advantage of the content-reuse phenomenon to reduce the size of training set; and adaptive pre-deformation, standardizing and aligning the characters. The proposed model needs only 750 paired training samples; no pre-trained network, extra dataset resource or labels is needed. Experimental results show that the proposed method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods under the practical restriction on handwritten font synthesis. 
### 10.A new algorithm for shape matching and pattern recognition using dynamic programming  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13219.pdf)
>  We propose a new method for shape recognition and retrieval based on dynamic programming. Our approach uses the dynamic programming algorithm to compute the optimal score and to find the optimal alignment between two strings. First, each contour of shape is represented by a set of points. After alignment and matching between two shapes, the contours are transformed into a string of symbols and numbers. Finally we find the best alignment of two complete strings and compute the optimal cost of similarity. In general, dynamic programming has two phases: the forward phase and the backward phase. In the forward phase, we compute the optimal cost for each subproblem. In the backward phase, we reconstruct the solution that gives the optimal cost. Our algorithm is tested in a database that contains various shapes such as MPEG-7. 
### 11.GaborNet: Gabor filters with learnable parameters in deep convolutional neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13204.pdf)
>  The article describes a system for image recognition using deep convolutional neural networks. Modified network architecture is proposed that focuses on improving convergence and reducing training complexity. The filters in the first layer of the network are constrained to fit the Gabor function. The parameters of Gabor functions are learnable and are updated by standard backpropagation techniques. The system was implemented on Python, tested on several datasets and outperformed the common convolutional networks. 
### 12.Using cameras for precise measurement of two-dimensional plant features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13187.pdf)
>  Images are used frequently in plant phenotyping to capture measurements. This chapter offers a repeatable method for capturing two-dimensional measurements of plant parts in field or laboratory settings using a variety of camera styles (cellular phone, DSLR), with the addition of a printed calibration pattern. The method is based on calibrating the camera using information available from the EXIF tags from the image, as well as visual information from the pattern. Code is provided to implement the method, as well as a dataset for testing. We include steps to verify protocol correctness by imaging an artifact. The use of this protocol for two-dimensional plant phenotyping will allow data capture from different cameras and environments, with comparison on the same physical scale. 
### 13.Facial Expressions Analysis Under Occlusions Based on Specificities of Facial Motion Propagation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13154.pdf)
>  Although much progress has been made in the facial expression analysis field, facial occlusions are still challenging. The main innovation brought by this contribution consists in exploiting the specificities of facial movement propagation for recognizing expressions in presence of important occlusions. The movement induced by an expression extends beyond the movement epicenter. Thus, the movement occurring in an occluded region propagates towards neighboring visible regions. In presence of occlusions, per expression, we compute the importance of each unoccluded facial region and we construct adapted facial frameworks that boost the performance of per expression binary classifier. The output of each expression-dependant binary classifier is then aggregated and fed into a fusion process that aims constructing, per occlusion, a unique model that recognizes all the facial expressions considered. The evaluations highlight the robustness of this approach in presence of significant facial occlusions. 
### 14.PR Product: A Substitute for Inner Product in Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13148.pdf)
>  In this paper, we analyze the inner product of weight vector and input vector in neural networks from the perspective of vector orthogonal decomposition and prove that the local direction gradient of weight vector decreases as the angle between them gets closer to 0 or $\pi$. We propose the PR Product, a substitute for the inner product, which makes the local direction gradient of weight vector independent of the angle and consistently larger than the one in the conventional inner product while keeping the forward propagation identical. As the basic operation in neural networks, the PR Product can be applied into many existing deep learning modules, so we develop the PR Product version of the fully connected layer, convolutional layer, and LSTM layer. In static image classification, the experiments on CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 datasets demonstrate that the PR Product can robustly enhance the ability of various state-of-the-art classification networks. On the task of image captioning, even without any bells and whistles, our PR Product version of captioning model can compete or outperform the state-of-the-art models on MS COCO dataset. 
### 15.Surprising Effectiveness of Few-Image Unsupervised Feature Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13132.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art methods for unsupervised representation learning can train well the first few layers of standard convolutional neural networks, but they are not as good as supervised learning for deeper layers. This is likely due to the generic and relatively simple nature of shallow layers; and yet, these approaches are applied to millions of images, scalability being advertised as their major advantage since unlabelled data is cheap to collect. In this paper we question this practice and ask whether so many images are actually needed to learn the layers for which unsupervised learning works best. Our main result is that a few or even a single image together with strong data augmentation are sufficient to nearly saturate performance. Specifically, we provide an analysis for three different self-supervised feature learning methods (BiGAN, RotNet, DeepCluster) vs number of training images (1, 10, 1000) and show that we can top the accuracy for the first two convolutional layers of common networks using just a single unlabelled training image and obtain competitive results for other layers. We further study and visualize the learned representation as a function of which (single) image is used for training. Our results are also suggestive of which type of information may be captured by shallow layers in deep networks. 
### 16.Deep Learning-based Face Pose Recovery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13102.pdf)
>  Facial pose estimation has gained a lot of attentions in many practical applications, such as human-robot interaction, gaze estimation and driver monitoring. Meanwhile, end-to-end deep learning-based facial pose estimation is becoming more and more popular. However, facial pose estimation suffers from a key challenge: the lack of sufficient training data for many poses, especially for large poses. Inspired by the observation that the faces under close poses look similar, we reformulate the facial pose estimation as a label distribution learning problem, considering each face image as an example associated with a Gaussian label distribution rather than a single label, and construct a convolutional neural network which is trained with a multi-loss function on AFLW dataset and 300WLP dataset to predict the facial poses directly from color image. Extensive experiments are conducted on several popular benchmarks, including AFLW2000, BIWI, AFLW and AFW, where our approach shows a significant advantage over other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 17.Early Action Prediction with Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13085.pdf)
>  Action Prediction is aimed to determine what action is occurring in a video as early as possible, which is crucial to many online applications, such as predicting a traffic accident before it happens and detecting malicious actions in the monitoring system. In this work, we address this problem by developing an end-to-end architecture that improves the discriminability of features of partially observed videos by assimilating them to features from complete videos. For this purpose, the generative adversarial network is introduced for tackling action prediction problem, which improves the recognition accuracy of partially observed videos though narrowing the feature difference of partially observed videos from complete ones. Specifically, its generator comprises of two networks: a CNN for feature extraction and an LSTM for estimating residual error between features of the partially observed videos and complete ones, and then the features from CNN adds the residual error from LSTM, which is regarded as the enhanced feature to fool a competing discriminator. Meanwhile, the generator is trained with an additional perceptual objective, which forces the enhanced features of partially observed videos are discriminative enough for action prediction. Extensive experimental results on UCF101, BIT and UT-Interaction datasets demonstrate that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods, especially for videos that less than 50% portion of frames is observed. 
### 18.Memory-Augmented Temporal Dynamic Learning for Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13080.pdf)
>  Human actions captured in video sequences contain two crucial factors for action recognition, i.e., visual appearance and motion dynamics. To model these two aspects, Convolutional and Recurrent Neural Networks (CNNs and RNNs) are adopted in most existing successful methods for recognizing actions. However, CNN based methods are limited in modeling long-term motion dynamics. RNNs are able to learn temporal motion dynamics but lack effective ways to tackle unsteady dynamics in long-duration motion. In this work, we propose a memory-augmented temporal dynamic learning network, which learns to write the most evident information into an external memory module and ignore irrelevant ones. In particular, we present a differential memory controller to make a discrete decision on whether the external memory module should be updated with current feature. The discrete memory controller takes in the memory history, context embedding and current feature as inputs and controls information flow into the external memory module. Additionally, we train this discrete memory controller using straight-through estimator. We evaluate this end-to-end system on benchmark datasets (UCF101 and HMDB51) of human action recognition. The experimental results show consistent improvements on both datasets over prior works and our baselines. 
### 19.Anomaly Detection in Traffic Scenes via Spatial-aware Motion Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13079.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection from a driver's perspective when driving is important to autonomous vehicles. As a part of Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), it can remind the driver about dangers timely. Compared with traditional studied scenes such as the university campus and market surveillance videos, it is difficult to detect abnormal event from a driver's perspective due to camera waggle, abidingly moving background, drastic change of vehicle velocity, etc. To tackle these specific problems, this paper proposes a spatial localization constrained sparse coding approach for anomaly detection in traffic scenes, which firstly measures the abnormality of motion orientation and magnitude respectively and then fuses these two aspects to obtain a robust detection result. The main contributions are threefold: 1) This work describes the motion orientation and magnitude of the object respectively in a new way, which is demonstrated to be better than the traditional motion descriptors. 2) The spatial localization of object is taken into account of the sparse reconstruction framework, which utilizes the scene's structural information and outperforms the conventional sparse coding methods. 3) Results of motion orientation and magnitude are adaptively weighted and fused by a Bayesian model, which makes the proposed method more robust and handle more kinds of abnormal events. The efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed method are validated by testing on nine difficult video sequences captured by ourselves. Observed from the experimental results, the proposed method is more effective and efficient than the popular competitors, and yields a higher performance. 
### 20.Interpretation of Feature Space using Multi-Channel Attentional Sub-Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13078.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks have achieved impressive results in various tasks, but interpreting the internal mechanism is a challenging problem. To tackle this problem, we exploit a multi-channel attention mechanism in feature space. Our network architecture allows us to obtain an attention mask for each feature while existing CNN visualization methods provide only a common attention mask for all features. We apply the proposed multi-channel attention mechanism to multi-attribute recognition task. We can obtain different attention mask for each feature and for each attribute. Those analyses give us deeper insight into the feature space of CNNs. The experimental results for the benchmark dataset show that the proposed method gives high interpretability to humans while accurately grasping the attributes of the data. 
### 21.SurfelWarp: Efficient Non-Volumetric Single View Dynamic Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13073.pdf)
>  We contribute a dense SLAM system that takes a live stream of depth images as input and reconstructs non-rigid deforming scenes in real time, without templates or prior models. In contrast to existing approaches, we do not maintain any volumetric data structures, such as truncated signed distance function (TSDF) fields or deformation fields, which are performance and memory intensive. Our system works with a flat point (surfel) based representation of geometry, which can be directly acquired from commodity depth sensors. Standard graphics pipelines and general purpose GPU (GPGPU) computing are leveraged for all central operations: i.e., nearest neighbor maintenance, non-rigid deformation field estimation and fusion of depth measurements. Our pipeline inherently avoids expensive volumetric operations such as marching cubes, volumetric fusion and dense deformation field update, leading to significantly improved performance. Furthermore, the explicit and flexible surfel based geometry representation enables efficient tackling of topology changes and tracking failures, which makes our reconstructions consistent with updated depth observations. Our system allows robots to maintain a scene description with non-rigidly deformed objects that potentially enables interactions with dynamic working environments. 
### 22.Cross-Modal Message Passing for Two-stream Fusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13072.pdf)
>  Processing and fusing information among multi-modal is a very useful technique for achieving high performance in many computer vision problems. In order to tackle multi-modal information more effectively, we introduce a novel framework for multi-modal fusion: Cross-modal Message Passing (CMMP). Specifically, we propose a cross-modal message passing mechanism to fuse two-stream network for action recognition, which composes of an appearance modal network (RGB image) and a motion modal (optical flow image) network. The objectives of individual networks in this framework are two-fold: a standard classification objective and a competing objective. The classification object ensures that each modal network predicts the true action category while the competing objective encourages each modal network to outperform the other one. We quantitatively show that the proposed CMMP fuses the traditional two-stream network more effectively, and outperforms all existing two-stream fusion method on UCF-101 and HMDB-51 datasets. 
### 23.Wearable Travel Aid for Environment Perception and Navigation of Visually Impaired People  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13037.pdf)
>  This paper presents a wearable assistive device with the shape of a pair of eyeglasses that allows visually impaired people to navigate safely and quickly in unfamiliar environment, as well as perceive the complicated environment to automatically make decisions on the direction to move. The device uses a consumer Red, Green, Blue and Depth (RGB-D) camera and an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) to detect obstacles. As the device leverages the ground height continuity among adjacent image frames, it is able to segment the ground from obstacles accurately and rapidly. Based on the detected ground, the optimal walkable direction is computed and the user is then informed via converted beep sound. Moreover, by utilizing deep learning techniques, the device can semantically categorize the detected obstacles to improve the users' perception of surroundings. It combines a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) deployed on a smartphone with a depth-image-based object detection to decide what the object type is and where the object is located, and then notifies the user of such information via speech. We evaluated the device's performance with different experiments in which 20 visually impaired people were asked to wear the device and move in an office, and found that they were able to avoid obstacle collisions and find the way in complicated scenarios. 
### 24.Deep Learning Based Robot for Automatically Picking up Garbage on the Grass  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13034.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel garbage pickup robot which operates on the grass. The robot is able to detect the garbage accurately and autonomously by using a deep neural network for garbage recognition. In addition, with the ground segmentation using a deep neural network, a novel navigation strategy is proposed to guide the robot to move around. With the garbage recognition and automatic navigation functions, the robot can clean garbage on the ground in places like parks or schools efficiently and autonomously. Experimental results show that the garbage recognition accuracy can reach as high as 95%, and even without path planning, the navigation strategy can reach almost the same cleaning efficiency with traditional methods. Thus, the proposed robot can serve as a good assistance to relieve dustman's physical labor on garbage cleaning tasks. 
### 25.Virtual-Blind-Road Following Based Wearable Navigation Device for Blind People  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13028.pdf)
>  To help the blind people walk to the destination efficiently and safely in indoor environment, a novel wearable navigation device is presented in this paper. The locating, way-finding, route following and obstacle avoiding modules are the essential components in a navigation system, while it remains a challenging task to consider obstacle avoiding during route following, as the indoor environment is complex, changeable and possibly with dynamic objects. To address this issue, we propose a novel scheme which utilizes a dynamic sub-goal selecting strategy to guide the users to the destination and help them bypass obstacles at the same time. This scheme serves as the key component of a complete navigation system deployed on a pair of wearable optical see-through glasses for the ease of use of blind people's daily walks. The proposed navigation device has been tested on a collection of individuals and proved to be effective on indoor navigation tasks. The sensors embedded are of low cost, small volume and easy integration, making it possible for the glasses to be widely used as a wearable consumer device. 
### 26.Curvature: A signature for Action Recognition in Video Sequences  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13003.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel signature of human action recognition, namely the curvature of a video sequence, is introduced. In this way, the distribution of sequential data is modeled, which enables few-shot learning. Instead of depending on recognizing features within images, our algorithm views actions as sequences on the universal time scale across a whole sequence of images. The video sequence, viewed as a curve in pixel space, is aligned by reparameterization using the arclength of the curve in pixel space. Once such curvatures are obtained, statistical indexes are extracted and fed into a learning-based classifier. Overall, our method is simple but powerful. Preliminary experimental results show that our method is effective and achieves state-of-the-art performance in video-based human action recognition. Moreover, we see latent capacity in transferring this idea into other sequence-based recognition applications such as speech recognition, machine translation, and text generation. 
### 27.A Study on Action Detection in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12993.pdf)
>  The recent introduction of the AVA dataset for action detection has caused a renewed interest to this problem. Several approaches have been recently proposed that improved the performance. However, all of them have ignored the main difficulty of the AVA dataset - its realistic distribution of training and test examples. This dataset was collected by exhaustive annotation of human action in uncurated videos. As a result, the most common categories, such as `stand' or `sit', contain tens of thousands of examples, where rare ones have only dozens. In this work we study the problem of action detection in highly-imbalanced dataset. Differently from previous work on handling long-tail category distributions, we begin by analyzing the imbalance in the test set. We demonstrate that the standard AP metric is not informative for the categories in the tail, and propose an alternative one - Sampled AP. Armed with this new measure, we study the problem of transferring representations from the data-rich head to the rare tail categories and propose a simple but effective approach. 
### 28.A neural network based on SPD manifold learning for skeleton-based hand gesture recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12970.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new neural network based on SPD manifold learning for skeleton-based hand gesture recognition. Given the stream of hand's joint positions, our approach combines two aggregation processes on respectively spatial and temporal domains. The pipeline of our network architecture consists in three main stages. The first stage is based on a convolutional layer to increase the discriminative power of learned features. The second stage relies on different architectures for spatial and temporal Gaussian aggregation of joint features. The third stage learns a final SPD matrix from skeletal data. A new type of layer is proposed for the third stage, based on a variant of stochastic gradient descent on Stiefel manifolds. The proposed network is validated on two challenging datasets and shows state-of-the-art accuracies on both datasets. 
### 29.Convolutional nets for reconstructing neural circuits from brain images acquired by serial section electron microscopy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12966.pdf)
>  Neural circuits can be reconstructed from brain images acquired by serial section electron microscopy. Image analysis has been performed by manual labor for half a century, and efforts at automation date back almost as far. Convolutional nets were first applied to neuronal boundary detection a dozen years ago, and have now achieved impressive accuracy on clean images. Robust handling of image defects is a major outstanding challenge. Convolutional nets are also being employed for other tasks in neural circuit reconstruction: finding synapses and identifying synaptic partners, extending or pruning neuronal reconstructions, and aligning serial section images to create a 3D image stack. Computational systems are being engineered to handle petavoxel images of cubic millimeter brain volumes. 
### 30.Learning Raw Image Denoising with Bayer Pattern Unification and Bayer Preserving Augmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12945.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present new data pre-processing and augmentation techniques for DNN-based raw image denoising. Compared with traditional RGB image denoising, performing this task on direct camera sensor readings presents new challenges such as how to effectively handle various Bayer patterns from different data sources, and subsequently how to perform valid data augmentation with raw images. To address the first problem, we propose a Bayer pattern unification (BayerUnify) method to unify different Bayer patterns. This allows us to fully utilize a heterogeneous dataset to train a single denoising model instead of training one model for each pattern. Furthermore, while it is essential to augment the dataset to improve model generalization and performance, we discovered that it is error-prone to modify raw images by adapting augmentation methods designed for RGB images. Towards this end, we present a Bayer preserving augmentation (BayerAug) method as an effective approach for raw image augmentation. Combining these data processing technqiues with a modified U-Net, our method achieves a PSNR of 52.11 and a SSIM of 0.9969 in NTIRE 2019 Real Image Denoising Challenge, demonstrating the state-of-the-art performance. 
### 31.Learning to Find Common Objects Across Image Collections  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12936.pdf)
>  We address the problem of finding a set of images containing a common, but unknown, object category from a collection of image proposals. Our formulation assumes that we are given a collection of bags where each bag is a set of image proposals. Our goal is to select one image from each bag such that the selected images are of the same object category. We model the selection as an energy minimization problem with unary and pairwise potential functions. Inspired by recent few-shot learning algorithms, we propose an approach to learn the potential functions directly from the data. Furthermore, we propose a fast and simple greedy inference algorithm for energy minimization. We evaluate our approach on few-shot common object recognition and object co-localization tasks. Our experiments show that learning the pairwise and unary terms greatly improves the performance of the model over several well-known methods for these tasks. The proposed greedy optimization algorithm achieves performance comparable to state-of-the-art structured inference algorithms while being ~10 times faster. The code is publicly available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/haamoon/finding_common_object" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 32.DiamondGAN: Unified Multi-Modal Generative Adversarial Networks for MRI Sequences Synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12894.pdf)
>  Recent studies on medical image synthesis reported promising results using generative adversarial networks, mostly focusing on one-to-one cross-modality synthesis. Naturally, the idea arises that a target modality would benefit from multi-modal input. Synthesizing MR imaging sequences is highly attractive for clinical practice, as often single sequences are missing or of poor quality (e.g. due to motion). However, existing methods fail to scale up to image volumes with high numbers of modalities and extensive non-aligned volumes, facing common draw-backs of complex multi-modal imaging sequences. To address these limitations, we propose a novel, scalable and multi-modal approach calledDiamondGAN. Our model is capable of performing flexible non-aligned cross-modality synthesis and data infill, when given multiple modalities or any of their arbitrary subsets. It learns structured information using non-aligned input modalities in an end-to-end fashion. We synthesize two MRI sequences with clinical relevance (i.e., double inversion recovery (DIR) and contrast-enhanced T1 (T1-c)), which are reconstructed from three common MRI sequences. In addition, we perform multi-rater visual evaluation experiment and find that trained radiologists are unable to distinguish our synthetic DIR images from real ones. 
### 33.Survey of Computer Vision and Machine Learning in Gastrointestinal Endoscopy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13307.pdf)
>  This paper attempts to provide the reader a place to begin studying the application of computer vision and machine learning to gastrointestinal (GI) endoscopy. They have been classified into 18 categories. It should be be noted by the reader that this is a review from pre-deep learning era. A lot of deep learning based applications have not been covered in this thesis. 
### 34.CT-To-MR Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks for Ischemic Stroke Lesion Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13281.pdf)
>  Infarcted brain tissue resulting from acute stroke readily shows up as hyperintense regions within diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DWI). It has also been proposed that computed tomography perfusion (CTP) could alternatively be used to triage stroke patients, given improvements in speed and availability, as well as reduced cost. However, CTP has a lower signal to noise ratio compared to MR. In this work, we investigate whether a conditional mapping can be learned by a generative adversarial network to map CTP inputs to generated MR DWI that more clearly delineates hyperintense regions due to ischemic stroke. We detail the architectures of the generator and discriminator and describe the training process used to perform image-to-image translation from multi-modal CT perfusion maps to diffusion weighted MR outputs. We evaluate the results both qualitatively by visual comparison of generated MR to ground truth, as well as quantitatively by training fully convolutional neural networks that make use of generated MR data inputs to perform ischemic stroke lesion segmentation. Segmentation networks trained using generated CT-to-MR inputs result in at least some improvement on all metrics used for evaluation, compared with networks that only use CT perfusion input. 
### 35.Country-wide high-resolution vegetation height mapping with Sentinel-2  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13270.pdf)
>  Sentinel-2 multi-spectral images collected over periods of several months were used to estimate vegetation height for Gabon, respectively Switzerland. A deep convolutional network was trained to extract suitable spectral and textural features from reflectance images and to regress per-pixel vegetation height. In Gabon, reference heights for training and validation were derived from airborne LiDAR measurements. In Switzerland, reference heights were taken from an existing canopy height model derived via photogrammetric surface reconstruction. The resulting maps have a mean absolute error (MAE) of 1.7m in Switzerland, respectively 4.3m in Gabon, and correctly reproduce vegetation heights up to &gt;50m. They also show good qualitative agreement with existing vegetation height maps. Our work demonstrates that, given a moderate amount of reference data, dense vegetation height maps with 10m ground sampling distance (GSD) can be derived at country scale from Sentinel-2 imagery. 
### 36.Signal2Image Modules in Deep Neural Networks for EEG Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13216.pdf)
>  Deep learning has revolutionized computer vision utilizing the increased availability of big data and the power of parallel computational units such as graphical processing units. The vast majority of deep learning research is conducted using images as training data, however the biomedical domain is rich in physiological signals that are used for diagnosis and prediction problems. It is still an open research question how to best utilize signals to train deep neural networks. <br>In this paper we define the term Signal2Image (S2Is) as trainable or non-trainable prefix modules that convert signals, such as Electroencephalography (EEG), to image-like representations making them suitable for training image-based deep neural networks defined as `base models'. We compare the accuracy and time performance of four S2Is (`signal as image', spectrogram, one and two layer Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)) combined with a set of `base models' (LeNet, AlexNet, VGGnet, ResNet, DenseNet) along with the depth-wise and 1D variations of the latter. We also provide empirical evidence that the one layer CNN S2I performs better in eleven out of fifteen tested models than non-trainable S2Is for classifying EEG signals and we present visual comparisons of the outputs of the S2Is. 
### 37.Semantic Referee: A Neural-Symbolic Framework for Enhancing Geospatial Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13196.pdf)
>  Understanding why machine learning algorithms may fail is usually the task of the human expert that uses domain knowledge and contextual information to discover systematic shortcomings in either the data or the algorithm. In this paper, we propose a semantic referee, which is able to extract qualitative features of the errors emerging from deep machine learning frameworks and suggest corrections. The semantic referee relies on ontological reasoning about spatial knowledge in order to characterize errors in terms of their spatial relations with the environment. Using semantics, the reasoner interacts with the learning algorithm as a supervisor. In this paper, the proposed method of the interaction between a neural network classifier and a semantic referee shows how to improve the performance of semantic segmentation for satellite imagery data. 
### 38.Deep Spectral Clustering using Dual Autoencoder Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.13113.pdf)
>  The clustering methods have recently absorbed even-increasing attention in learning and vision. Deep clustering combines embedding and clustering together to obtain optimal embedding subspace for clustering, which can be more effective compared with conventional clustering methods. In this paper, we propose a joint learning framework for discriminative embedding and spectral clustering. We first devise a dual autoencoder network, which enforces the reconstruction constraint for the latent representations and their noisy versions, to embed the inputs into a latent space for clustering. As such the learned latent representations can be more robust to noise. Then the mutual information estimation is utilized to provide more discriminative information from the inputs. Furthermore, a deep spectral clustering method is applied to embed the latent representations into the eigenspace and subsequently clusters them, which can fully exploit the relationship between inputs to achieve optimal clustering results. Experimental results on benchmark datasets show that our method can significantly outperform state-of-the-art clustering approaches. 
### 39.Learning Image Information for eCommerce Queries  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12856.pdf)
>  Computing similarity between a query and a document is fundamental in any information retrieval system. In search engines, computing query-document similarity is an essential step in both retrieval and ranking stages. In eBay search, document is an item and the query-item similarity can be computed by comparing different facets of the query-item pair. Query text can be compared with the text of the item title. Likewise, a category constraint applied on the query can be compared with the listing category of the item. However, images are one signal that are usually present in the items but are not present in the query. Images are one of the most intuitive signals used by users to determine the relevance of the item given a query. Including this signal in estimating similarity between the query-item pair is likely to improve the relevance of the search engine. We propose a novel way of deriving image information for queries. We attempt to learn image information for queries from item images instead of generating explicit image features or an image for queries. We use canonical correlation analysis (CCA) to learn a new subspace where projecting the original data will give us a new query and item representation. We hypothesize that this new query representation will also have image information about the query. We estimate the query-item similarity using a vector space model and report the performance of the proposed method on eBay's search data. We show 11.89\% relevance improvement over the baseline using area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) as the evaluation metric. We also show 3.1\% relevance improvement over the baseline with area under the precision recall curve (AUPRC) . 
### 40.Learning to Index for Nearest Neighbor Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1807.02962.pdf)
>  In this study, we present a novel ranking model based on learning neighborhood relationships embedded in the index space. Given a query point, conventional approximate nearest neighbor search calculates the distances to the cluster centroids, before ranking the clusters from near to far based on the distances. The data indexed in the top-ranked clusters are retrieved and treated as the nearest neighbor candidates for the query. However, the loss of quantization between the data and cluster centroids will inevitably harm the search accuracy. To address this problem, the proposed model ranks clusters based on their nearest neighbor probabilities rather than the query-centroid distances. The nearest neighbor probabilities are estimated by employing neural networks to characterize the neighborhood relationships, i.e., the density function of nearest neighbors with respect to the query. The proposed probability-based ranking can replace the conventional distance-based ranking for finding candidate clusters, and the predicted probability can be used to determine the data quantity to be retrieved from the candidate cluster. Our experimental results demonstrated that the proposed ranking model could boost the search performance effectively in billion-scale datasets. 
