# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 21 May 2019
### 1.Few-Shot Adversarial Learning of Realistic Neural Talking Head Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08233.pdf)
>  Several recent works have shown how highly realistic human head images can be obtained by training convolutional neural networks to generate them. In order to create a personalized talking head model, these works require training on a large dataset of images of a single person. However, in many practical scenarios, such personalized talking head models need to be learned from a few image views of a person, potentially even a single image. Here, we present a system with such few-shot capability. It performs lengthy meta-learning on a large dataset of videos, and after that is able to frame few- and one-shot learning of neural talking head models of previously unseen people as adversarial training problems with high capacity generators and discriminators. Crucially, the system is able to initialize the parameters of both the generator and the discriminator in a person-specific way, so that training can be based on just a few images and done quickly, despite the need to tune tens of millions of parameters. We show that such an approach is able to learn highly realistic and personalized talking head models of new people and even portrait paintings. 
### 2.Patch-based 3D Human Pose Refinement  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08231.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art 3D human pose estimation approaches typically estimate pose from the entire RGB image in a single forward run. In this paper, we develop a post-processing step to refine 3D human pose estimation from body part patches. Using local patches as input has two advantages. First, the fine details around body parts are zoomed in to high resolution for preciser 3D pose prediction. Second, it enables the part appearance to be shared between poses to benefit rare poses. In order to acquire informative representation of patches, we explore different input modalities and validate the superiority of fusing predicted segmentation with RGB. We show that our method consistently boosts the accuracy of state-of-the-art 3D human pose methods. 
### 3.Drone Shadow Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08214.pdf)
>  Aerial videos taken by a drone not too far above the surface may contain the drone's shadow projected on the scene. This deteriorates the aesthetic quality of videos. With the presence of other shadows, shadow removal cannot be directly applied, and the shadow of the drone must be tracked. Tracking a drone's shadow in a video is, however, challenging. The varying size, shape, change of orientation and drone altitude pose difficulties. The shadow can also easily disappear over dark areas. However, a shadow has specific properties that can be leveraged, besides its geometric shape. In this paper, we incorporate knowledge of the shadow's physical properties, in the form of shadow detection masks, into a correlation-based tracking algorithm. We capture a test set of aerial videos taken with different settings and compare our results to those of a state-of-the-art tracking algorithm. 
### 4.Semi-Supervised Learning by Augmented Distribution Alignment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08171.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a simple yet effective semi-supervised learning approach called Augmented Distribution Alignment. We reveal that an essential sampling bias exists in semi-supervised learning due to the limited amount of labeled samples, which often leads to a considerable empirical distribution mismatch between labeled data and unlabeled data. To this end, we propose to align the empirical distributions of labeled and unlabeled data to alleviate the bias. On one hand, we adopt an adversarial training strategy to minimize the distribution distance between labeled and unlabeled data as inspired by domain adaptation works. On the other hand, to deal with the small sample size issue of labeled data, we also propose a simple interpolation strategy to generate pseudo training samples. Those two strategies can be easily implemented into existing deep neural networks. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach on the benchmark SVHN and CIFAR10 datasets, on which we achieve new state-of-the-art error rates of $3.54\%$ and $10.09\%$, respectively. Our code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/qinenergy/adanet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 5.Self-Supervised Similarity Learning for Digital Pathology  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08139.pdf)
>  Using features extracted from networks pretrained on ImageNet is a common practice in applications of deep learning for digital pathology. However it presents the downside of missing domain specific image information. In digital pathology, supervised training data is expensive and difficult to collect. We propose a self supervised method for feature extraction by similarity learning on whole slide images (WSI) that is simple to implement and allows creation of robust and compact image descriptors. We train a siamese network, exploiting image spatial continuity and assuming spatially adjacent tiles in the image are more similar to each other than distant tiles. Our network outputs feature vectors of length 128, which allows dramatically lower memory storage and faster processing than networks pretrained on ImageNet. We apply the method on digital pathology whole slide images (WSI) from the Camelyon16 train set and assess and compare our method by measuring image retrieval of tumor tiles and descriptor pair distance ratio for distant/near tiles in the Camelyon16 test set. We show that our method yields better retrieval task results than existing ImageNet based and generic self-supervised feature extraction methods. To the best of our knowledge, this is also the first published method for self supervised learning tailored for digital pathology. 
### 6.Image Captioning based on Deep Learning Methods: A Survey  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08110.pdf)
>  Image captioning is a challenging task and attracting more and more attention in the field of Artificial Intelligence, and which can be applied to efficient image retrieval, intelligent blind guidance and human-computer interaction, etc. In this paper, we present a survey on advances in image captioning based on Deep Learning methods, including Encoder-Decoder structure, improved methods in Encoder, improved methods in Decoder, and other improvements. Furthermore, we discussed future research directions. 
### 7.Using Photorealistic Face Synthesis and Domain Adaptation to Improve Facial Expression Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08090.pdf)
>  Cross-domain synthesizing realistic faces to learn deep models has attracted increasing attention for facial expression analysis as it helps to improve the performance of expression recognition accuracy despite having small number of real training images. However, learning from synthetic face images can be problematic due to the distribution discrepancy between low-quality synthetic images and real face images and may not achieve the desired performance when the learned model applies to real world scenarios. To this end, we propose a new attribute guided face image synthesis to perform a translation between multiple image domains using a single model. In addition, we adopt the proposed model to learn from synthetic faces by matching the feature distributions between different domains while preserving each domain's characteristics. We evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach on several face datasets on generating realistic face images. We demonstrate that the expression recognition performance can be enhanced by benefiting from our face synthesis model. Moreover, we also conduct experiments on a near-infrared dataset containing facial expression videos of drivers to assess the performance using in-the-wild data for driver emotion recognition. 
### 8.Clustered Multitask Nonnegative Matrix Factorization for Spectral Unmixing of Hyperspectral Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08032.pdf)
>  In this paper, the new algorithm based on clustered multitask network is proposed to solve spectral unmixing problem in hyperspectral imagery. In the proposed algorithm, the clustered network is employed. Each pixel in the hyperspectral image considered as a node in this network. The nodes in the network are clustered using the fuzzy c-means clustering method. Diffusion least mean square strategy has been used to optimize the proposed cost function. To evaluate the proposed method, experiments are conducted on synthetic and real datasets. Simulation results based on spectral angle distance, abundance angle distance and reconstruction error metrics illustrate the advantage of the proposed algorithm compared with other methods. 
### 9.Less Memory, Faster Speed: Refining Self-Attention Module for Image Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08008.pdf)
>  Self-attention (SA) mechanisms can capture effectively global dependencies in deep neural networks, and have been applied to natural language processing and image processing successfully. However, SA modules for image reconstruction have high time and space complexity, which restrict their applications to higher-resolution images. In this paper, we refine the SA module in self-attention generative adversarial networks (SAGAN) via adapting a non-local operation, revising the connectivity among the units in SA module and re-implementing its computational pattern, such that its time and space complexity is reduced from $\text{O}(n^2)$ to $\text{O}(n)$, but it is still equivalent to the original SA module. Further, we explore the principles behind the module and discover that our module is a special kind of channel attention mechanisms. Experimental results based on two benchmark datasets of image reconstruction, verify that under the same computational environment, two models can achieve comparable effectiveness for image reconstruction, but the proposed one runs faster and takes up less memory space. 
### 10.Deep Transfer Learning Methods for Colon Cancer Classification in Confocal Laser Microscopy Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07991.pdf)
>  Purpose: The gold standard for colorectal cancer metastases detection in the peritoneum is histological evaluation of a removed tissue sample. For feedback during interventions, real-time in-vivo imaging with confocal laser microscopy has been proposed for differentiation of benign and malignant tissue by manual expert evaluation. Automatic image classification could improve the surgical workflow further by providing immediate feedback. <br>Methods: We analyze the feasibility of classifying tissue from confocal laser microscopy in the colon and peritoneum. For this purpose, we adopt both classical and state-of-the-art convolutional neural networks to directly learn from the images. As the available dataset is small, we investigate several transfer learning strategies including partial freezing variants and full fine-tuning. We address the distinction of different tissue types, as well as benign and malignant tissue. <br>Results: We present a thorough analysis of transfer learning strategies for colorectal cancer with confocal laser microscopy. In the peritoneum, metastases are classified with an AUC of 97.1 and in the colon, the primarius is classified with an AUC of 73.1. In general, transfer learning substantially improves performance over training from scratch. We find that the optimal transfer learning strategy differs for models and classification tasks. <br>Conclusions: We demonstrate that convolutional neural networks and transfer learning can be used to identify cancer tissue with confocal laser microscopy. We show that there is no generally optimal transfer learning strategy and model as well as task-specific engineering is required. Given the high performance for the peritoneum, even with a small dataset, application for intraoperative decision support could be feasible. 
### 11.Spin Detection in Robotic Table Tennis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07967.pdf)
>  In table tennis the rotation (spin) of the ball plays a crucial role. A table tennis match will feature a variety of strokes. Each generates different amounts and types of spin. To develop a robot which can compete with a human player, the robot needs to be able to detect spin, so that it can plan an appropriate return stroke. In this paper we compare three methods for estimating spin. The first two approaches use a high-speed camera that captures the ball in flight at a frame rate of 380 Hz. This camera allows the movement of the circular brand logo printed on the ball to be seen. The first approach uses background difference to determine the position of the logo. In a second alternative, a CNN is trained to predict the orientation of the logo. The third method evaluates the trajectory of the ball and derives the rotation from the effect of the Magnus force. In a demonstration, our robot must respond to different spin types in a real table tennis rally against a human opponent. 
### 12.Learning Image-Specific Attributes by Hyperbolic Neighborhood Graph Propagation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07933.pdf)
>  As a kind of semantic representation of visual object descriptions, attributes are widely used in various computer vision tasks. In most of existing attribute-based research, class-specific attributes (CSA), which are class-level annotations, are usually adopted due to its low annotation cost for each class instead of each individual image. However, class-specific attributes are usually noisy because of annotation errors and diversity of individual images. Therefore, it is desirable to obtain image-specific attributes (ISA), which are image-level annotations, from the original class-specific attributes. In this paper, we propose to learn image-specific attributes by graph-based attribute propagation. Considering the intrinsic property of hyperbolic geometry that its distance expands exponentially, hyperbolic neighborhood graph (HNG) is constructed to characterize the relationship between samples. Based on HNG, we define neighborhood consistency for each sample to identify inconsistent samples. Subsequently, inconsistent samples are refined based on their neighbors in HNG. Extensive experiments on five benchmark datasets demonstrate the significant superiority of the learned image-specific attributes over the original class-specific attributes in the zero-shot object classification task. 
### 13.Fast Regularity-Constrained Plane Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07922.pdf)
>  Man-made environments typically comprise planar structures that exhibit numerous geometric relationships, such as parallelism, coplanarity, and orthogonality. Making full use of these relationships can considerably improve the robustness of algorithmic plane reconstruction of complex scenes. This research leverages a constraint model requiring minimal prior knowledge to implicitly establish relationships among planes. We introduce a method based on energy minimization to reconstruct the planes consistent with our constraint model. The proposed algorithm is efficient, easily to understand, and simple to implement. The experimental results show that our algorithm successfully reconstructs planes under high percentages of noise and outliers. This is superior to other state-of-the-art regularity-constrained plane reconstruction methods in terms of speed and robustness. 
### 14.Disparity-based HDR imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07918.pdf)
>  High-dynamic range imaging permits to extend the dynamic range of intensity values to get close to what the human eye is able to perceive. Although there has been a huge progress in the digital camera sensor range capacity, the need of capturing several exposures in order to reconstruct high-dynamic range values persist. In this paper, we present a study on how to acquire high-dynamic range values for multi-stereo images. In many papers, disparity has been used to register pixels of different images and guide the reconstruction. In this paper, we show the limitations of such approaches and propose heuristics as solutions to identified problematic cases. 
### 15.Skeleton-Based Hand Gesture Recognition by Learning SPD Matrices with Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07917.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new hand gesture recognition method based on skeletal data by learning SPD matrices with neural networks. We model the hand skeleton as a graph and introduce a neural network for SPD matrix learning, taking as input the 3D coordinates of hand joints. The proposed network is based on two newly designed layers that transform a set of SPD matrices into a SPD matrix. For gesture recognition, we train a linear SVM classifier using features extracted from our network. Experimental results on a challenging dataset (Dynamic Hand Gesture dataset from the SHREC 2017 3D Shape Retrieval Contest) show that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods. 
### 16.Learning to Count Objects with Few Exemplar Annotations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07898.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of object counting with incomplete annotations. Based on the observation that in many object counting problems the target objects are normally repeated and highly similar to each other, we are particularly interested in the setting when only a few exemplar annotations are provided. Directly applying object detection with incomplete annotations will result in severe accuracy degradation due to its improper handling of unlabeled object instances. To address the problem, we propose a positiveness-focused object detector (PFOD) to progressively propagate the incomplete labels before applying the general object detection algorithm. The PFOD focuses on the positive samples and ignore the negative instances at most of the learning time. This strategy, though simple, dramatically boosts the object counting accuracy. On the CARPK dataset for parking lot car counting, we improved mAP@0.5 from 4.58% to 72.44% using only 5 training images each with 5 bounding boxes. On the Drink35 dataset for shelf product counting, the mAP@0.5 is improved from 14.16% to 53.73% using 10 training images each with 5 bounding boxes. 
### 17.Procedural Synthesis of Remote Sensing Images for Robust Change Detection with Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07877.pdf)
>  Data-driven methods such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are known to deliver state-of-the-art performance on image recognition tasks when the training data are abundant. However, in some instances, such as change detection in remote sensing images, annotated data cannot be obtained in sufficient quantities. In this work, we propose a simple and efficient method for creating realistic targeted synthetic datasets in the remote sensing domain, leveraging the opportunities offered by game development engines. We provide a description of the pipeline for procedural geometry generation and rendering as well as an evaluation of the efficiency of produced datasets in a change detection scenario. Our evaluations demonstrate that our pipeline helps to improve the performance and convergence of deep learning models when the amount of real-world data is severely limited. 
### 18.Not All Parts Are Created Equal: 3D Pose Estimation by Modelling Bi-directional Dependencies of Body Parts  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07862.pdf)
>  Not all the human body parts have the same~degree of freedom~(DOF) due to the physiological structure. For example, the limbs may move more flexibly and freely than the torso does. Most of the existing 3D pose estimation methods, despite the very promising results achieved, treat the body joints equally and consequently often lead to larger reconstruction errors on the limbs. In this paper, we propose a progressive approach that explicitly accounts for the distinct DOFs among the body parts. We model parts with higher DOFs like the elbows, as dependent components of the corresponding parts with lower DOFs like the torso, of which the 3D locations can be more reliably estimated. Meanwhile, the high-DOF parts may, in turn, impose a constraint on where the low-DOF ones lie. As a result, parts with different DOFs supervise one another, yielding physically constrained and plausible pose-estimation results. To further facilitate the prediction of the high-DOF parts, we introduce a pose-attribute estimation, where the relative location of a limb joint with respect to the torso, which has the least DOF of a human body, is explicitly estimated and further fed to the joint-estimation module. The proposed approach achieves very promising results, outperforming the state of the art on several benchmarks. 
### 19.Learning Video Representations from Correspondence Proposals  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07853.pdf)
>  Correspondences between frames encode rich information about dynamic content in videos. However, it is challenging to effectively capture and learn those due to their irregular structure and complex dynamics. In this paper, we propose a novel neural network that learns video representations by aggregating information from potential correspondences. This network, named $CPNet$, can learn evolving 2D fields with temporal consistency. In particular, it can effectively learn representations for videos by mixing appearance and long-range motion with an RGB-only input. We provide extensive ablation experiments to validate our model. CPNet shows stronger performance than existing methods on Kinetics and achieves the state-of-the-art performance on Something-Something and Jester. We provide analysis towards the behavior of our model and show its robustness to errors in proposals. 
### 20.Boundary Loss for Remote Sensing Imagery Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07852.pdf)
>  In response to the growing importance of geospatial data, its analysis including semantic segmentation becomes an increasingly popular task in computer vision today. Convolutional neural networks are powerful visual models that yield hierarchies of features and practitioners widely use them to process remote sensing data. When performing remote sensing image segmentation, multiple instances of one class with precisely defined boundaries are often the case, and it is crucial to extract those boundaries accurately. The accuracy of segments boundaries delineation influences the quality of the whole segmented areas explicitly. However, widely-used segmentation loss functions such as BCE, IoU loss or Dice loss do not penalize misalignment of boundaries sufficiently. In this paper, we propose a novel loss function, namely a differentiable surrogate of a metric accounting accuracy of boundary detection. We can use the loss function with any neural network for binary segmentation. We performed validation of our loss function with various modifications of UNet on a synthetic dataset, as well as using real-world data (ISPRS Potsdam, INRIA AIL). Trained with the proposed loss function, models outperform baseline methods in terms of IoU score. 
### 21.Implications of Computer Vision Driven Assistive Technologies Towards Individuals with Visual Impairment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07844.pdf)
>  Computer vision based technology is becoming ubiquitous in society. One application area that has seen an increase in computer vision is assistive technologies, specifically for those with visual impairment. Research has shown the ability of computer vision models to achieve tasks such provide scene captions, detect objects and recognize faces. Although assisting individuals with visual impairment with these tasks increases their independence and autonomy, concerns over bias, privacy and potential usefulness arise. This paper addresses the positive and negative implications computer vision based assistive technologies have on individuals with visual impairment, as well as considerations for computer vision researchers and developers in order to mitigate the amount of negative implications. 
### 22.Multimodal Transformer with Multi-View Visual Representation for Image Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07841.pdf)
>  Image captioning aims to automatically generate a natural language description of a given image, and most state-of-the-art models have adopted an encoder-decoder framework. The framework consists of a convolution neural network (CNN)-based image encoder that extracts region-based visual features from the input image, and an recurrent neural network (RNN)-based caption decoder that generates the output caption words based on the visual features with the attention mechanism. Despite the success of existing studies, current methods only model the co-attention that characterizes the inter-modal interactions while neglecting the self-attention that characterizes the intra-modal interactions. Inspired by the success of the Transformer model in machine translation, here we extend it to a Multimodal Transformer (MT) model for image captioning. Compared to existing image captioning approaches, the MT model simultaneously captures intra- and inter-modal interactions in a unified attention block. Due to the in-depth modular composition of such attention blocks, the MT model can perform complex multimodal reasoning and output accurate captions. Moreover, to further improve the image captioning performance, multi-view visual features are seamlessly introduced into the MT model. We quantitatively and qualitatively evaluate our approach using the benchmark MSCOCO image captioning dataset and conduct extensive ablation studies to investigate the reasons behind its effectiveness. The experimental results show that our method significantly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art methods. With an ensemble of seven models, our solution ranks the 1st place on the real-time leaderboard of the MSCOCO image captioning challenge at the time of the writing of this paper. 
### 23.Enabling Computer Vision Driven Assistive Devices for the Visually Impaired via Micro-architecture Design Exploration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07836.pdf)
>  Recent improvements in object detection have shown potential to aid in tasks where previous solutions were not able to achieve. A particular area is assistive devices for individuals with visual impairment. While state-of-the-art deep neural networks have been shown to achieve superior object detection performance, their high computational and memory requirements make them cost prohibitive for on-device operation. Alternatively, cloud-based operation leads to privacy concerns, both not attractive to potential users. To address these challenges, this study investigates creating an efficient object detection network specifically for OLIV, an AI-powered assistant for object localization for the visually impaired, via micro-architecture design exploration. In particular, we formulate the problem of finding an optimal network micro-architecture as an numerical optimization problem, where we find the set of hyperparameters controlling the MobileNetV2-SSD network micro-architecture that maximizes a modified NetScore objective function for the MSCOCO-OLIV dataset of indoor objects. Experimental results show that such a micro-architecture design exploration strategy leads to a compact deep neural network with a balanced trade-off between accuracy, size, and speed, making it well-suited for enabling on-device computer vision driven assistive devices for the visually impaired. 
### 24.U-Net Based Multi-instance Video Object Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07826.pdf)
>  Multi-instance video object segmentation is to segment specific instances throughout a video sequence in pixel level, given only an annotated first frame. In this paper, we implement an effective fully convolutional networks with U-Net similar structure built on top of OSVOS fine-tuned layer. We use instance isolation to transform this multi-instance segmentation problem into binary labeling problem, and use weighted cross entropy loss and dice coefficient loss as our loss function. Our best model achieves F mean of 0.467 and J mean of 0.424 on DAVIS dataset, which is a comparable performance with the State-of-the-Art approach. But case analysis shows this model can achieve a smoother contour and better instance coverage, meaning it better for recall focused segmentation scenario. We also did experiments on other convolutional neural networks, including Seg-Net, Mask R-CNN, and provide insightful comparison and discussion. 
### 25.Multimodal 3D Object Detection from Simulated Pretraining  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07754.pdf)
>  The need for simulated data in autonomous driving applications has become increasingly important, both for validation of pretrained models and for training new models. In order for these models to generalize to real-world applications, it is critical that the underlying dataset contains a variety of driving scenarios and that simulated sensor readings closely mimics real-world sensors. We present the Carla Automated Dataset Extraction Tool (CADET), a novel tool for generating training data from the CARLA simulator to be used in autonomous driving research. The tool is able to export high-quality, synchronized LIDAR and camera data with object annotations, and offers configuration to accurately reflect a real-life sensor array. Furthermore, we use this tool to generate a dataset consisting of 10 000 samples and use this dataset in order to train the 3D object detection network AVOD-FPN, with finetuning on the KITTI dataset in order to evaluate the potential for effective pretraining. We also present two novel LIDAR feature map configurations in Bird's Eye View for use with AVOD-FPN that can be easily modified. These configurations are tested on the KITTI and CADET datasets in order to evaluate their performance as well as the usability of the simulated dataset for pretraining. Although insufficient to fully replace the use of real world data, and generally not able to exceed the performance of systems fully trained on real data, our results indicate that simulated data can considerably reduce the amount of training on real data required to achieve satisfactory levels of accuracy. 
### 26.Geometric Pose Affordance: 3D Human Pose with Scene Constraints  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07718.pdf)
>  Full 3D estimation of human pose from a single image remains a challenging task despite many recent advances. In this paper, we explore the hypothesis that strong prior information about scene geometry can be used to improve pose estimation accuracy. To tackle this question empirically, we have assembled a novel $\textbf{Geometric Pose Affordance}$ dataset, consisting of multi-view imagery of people interacting with a variety of rich 3D environments. We utilized a commercial motion capture system to collect gold-standard estimates of pose and construct accurate geometric 3D CAD models of the scene itself. <br>To inject prior knowledge of scene constraints into existing frameworks for pose estimation from images, we introduce a novel, view-based representation of scene geometry, a $\textbf{multi-layer depth map}$, which employs multi-hit ray tracing to concisely encode multiple surface entry and exit points along each camera view ray direction. We propose two different mechanisms for integrating multi-layer depth information pose estimation: input as encoded ray features used in lifting 2D pose to full 3D, and secondly as a differentiable loss that encourages learned models to favor geometrically consistent pose estimates. We show experimentally that these techniques can improve the accuracy of 3D pose estimates, particularly in the presence of occlusion and complex scene geometry. 
### 27.A 2D dilated residual U-Net for multi-organ segmentation in thoracic CT  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07710.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of organs-at-risk (OAR) in computed tomography (CT) is an essential part of planning effective treatment strategies to combat lung and esophageal cancer. Accurate segmentation of organs surrounding tumours helps account for the variation in position and morphology inherent across patients, thereby facilitating adaptive and computer-assisted radiotherapy. Although manual delineation of OARs is still highly prevalent, it is prone to errors due to complex variations in the shape and position of organs across patients, and low soft tissue contrast between neighbouring organs in CT images. Recently, deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have gained tremendous traction and achieved state-of-the-art results in medical image segmentation. In this paper, we propose a deep learning framework to segment OARs in thoracic CT images, specifically for the: heart, esophagus, trachea and aorta. Our approach employs dilated convolutions and aggregated residual connections in the bottleneck of a U-Net styled network, which incorporates global context and dense information. Our method achieved an overall Dice score of 91.57% on 20 unseen test samples from the ISBI 2019 SegTHOR challenge. 
### 28.FORECAST-CLSTM: A New Convolutional LSTM Network for Cloudage Nowcasting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07700.pdf)
>  With the highly demand of large-scale and real-time weather service for public, a refinement of short-time cloudage prediction has become an essential part of the weather forecast productions. To provide a weather-service-compliant cloudage nowcasting, in this paper, we propose a novel hierarchical Convolutional Long-Short-Term Memory network based deep learning model, which we term as FORECAST-CLSTM, with a new Forecaster loss function to predict the future satellite cloud images. The model is designed to fuse multi-scale features in the hierarchical network structure to predict the pixel value and the morphological movement of the cloudage simultaneously. We also collect about 40K infrared satellite nephograms and create a large-scale Satellite Cloudage Map Dataset(SCMD). The proposed FORECAST-CLSTM model is shown to achieve better prediction performance compared with the state-of-the-art ConvLSTM model and the proposed Forecaster Loss Function is also demonstrated to retain the uncertainty of the real atmosphere condition better than conventional loss function. 
### 29.What Do Adversarially Robust Models Look At?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07666.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the open question: "What do adversarially robust models look at?" Recently, it has been reported in many works that there exists the trade-off between standard accuracy and adversarial robustness. According to prior works, this trade-off is rooted in the fact that adversarially robust and standard accurate models might depend on very different sets of features. However, it has not been well studied what kind of difference actually exists. In this paper, we analyze this difference through various experiments visually and quantitatively. Experimental results show that adversarially robust models look at things at a larger scale than standard models and pay less attention to fine textures. Furthermore, although it has been claimed that adversarially robust features are not compatible with standard accuracy, there is even a positive effect by using them as pre-trained models particularly in low resolution datasets. 
### 30.SAWNet: A Spatially Aware Deep Neural Network for 3D Point Cloud Processing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07650.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have established themselves as the state-of-the-art methodology in almost all computer vision tasks to date. But their application to processing data lying on non-Euclidean domains is still a very active area of research. One such area is the analysis of point cloud data which poses a challenge due to its lack of order. Many recent techniques have been proposed, spearheaded by the PointNet architecture. These techniques use either global or local information from the point clouds to extract a latent representation for the points, which is then used for the task at hand (classification/segmentation). In our work, we introduce a neural network layer that combines both global and local information to produce better embeddings of these points. We enhance our architecture with residual connections, to pass information between the layers, which also makes the network easier to train. We achieve state-of-the-art results on the ModelNet40 dataset with our architecture, and our results are also highly competitive with the state-of-the-art on the ShapeNet part segmentation dataset and the indoor scene segmentation dataset. We plan to open source our pre-trained models on github to encourage the research community to test our networks on their data, or simply use them for benchmarking purposes. 
### 31.Which Tasks Should Be Learned Together in Multi-task Learning?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07553.pdf)
>  Many computer vision applications require solving multiple tasks in real-time. A neural network can be trained to solve multiple tasks simultaneously using `multi-task learning'. This saves computation at inference time as only a single network needs to be evaluated. Unfortunately, this often leads to inferior overall performance as task objectives compete, which consequently poses the question: which tasks should and should not be learned together in one network when employing multi-task learning? We systematically study task cooperation and competition and propose a framework for assigning tasks to a few neural networks such that cooperating tasks are computed by the same neural network, while competing tasks are computed by different networks. Our framework offers a time-accuracy trade-off and can produce better accuracy using less inference time than not only a single large multi-task neural network but also many single-task networks. 
### 32.Semi-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation with Left-Right Consistency Using Deep Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07542.pdf)
>  There has been tremendous research progress in estimating the depth of a scene from a monocular camera image. Existing methods for single-image depth prediction are exclusively based on deep neural networks, and their training can be unsupervised using stereo image pairs, supervised using LiDAR point clouds, or semi-supervised using both stereo and LiDAR. In general, semi-supervised training is preferred as it does not suffer from the weaknesses of either supervised training, resulting from the difference in the cameras and the LiDARs field of view, or unsupervised training, resulting from the poor depth accuracy that can be recovered from a stereo pair. In this paper, we present our research in single image depth prediction using semi-supervised training that outperforms the state-of-the-art. We achieve this through a loss function that explicitly exploits left-right consistency in a stereo reconstruction, which has not been adopted in previous semi-supervised training. In addition, we describe the correct use of ground truth depth derived from LiDAR that can significantly reduce prediction error. The performance of our depth prediction model is evaluated on popular datasets, and the importance of each aspect of our semi-supervised training approach is demonstrated through experimental results. Our deep neural network model has been made publicly available. 
### 33.Learning Perspective Undistortion of Portraits  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07515.pdf)
>  Near-range portrait photographs often contain perspective distortion artifacts that bias human perception and challenge both facial recognition and reconstruction techniques. We present the first deep learning based approach to remove such artifacts from unconstrained portraits. In contrast to the previous state-of-the-art approach, our method handles even portraits with extreme perspective distortion, as we avoid the inaccurate and error-prone step of first fitting a 3D face model. Instead, we predict a distortion correction flow map that encodes a per-pixel displacement that removes distortion artifacts when applied to the input image. Our method also automatically infers missing facial features, i.e. occluded ears caused by strong perspective distortion, with coherent details. We demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art both qualitatively and quantitatively, particularly for portraits with extreme perspective distortion or facial expressions. We further show that our technique benefits a number of fundamental tasks, significantly improving the accuracy of both face recognition and 3D reconstruction and enables a novel camera calibration technique from a single portrait. Moreover, we also build the first perspective portrait database with a large diversity in identities, expression and poses, which will benefit the related research in this area. 
### 34.SplitNet: Sim2Sim and Task2Task Transfer for Embodied Visual Navigation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07512.pdf)
>  We propose SplitNet, a method for decoupling visual perception and policy learning. By incorporating auxiliary tasks and selective learning of portions of the model, we explicitly decompose the learning objectives for visual navigation into perceiving the world and acting on that perception. We show dramatic improvements over baseline models on transferring between simulators, an encouraging step towards Sim2Real. Additionally, SplitNet generalizes better to unseen environments from the same simulator and transfers faster and more effectively to novel embodied navigation tasks. Further, given only a small sample from a target domain, SplitNet can match the performance of traditional end-to-end pipelines which receive the entire dataset. Code and video are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/facebookresearch/splitnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/TJkZcsD2vrc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 35.Parts4Feature: Learning 3D Global Features from Generally Semantic Parts in Multiple Views  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07506.pdf)
>  Deep learning has achieved remarkable results in 3D shape analysis by learning global shape features from the pixel-level over multiple views. Previous methods, however, compute low-level features for entire views without considering part-level information. In contrast, we propose a deep neural network, called Parts4Feature, to learn 3D global features from part-level information in multiple views. We introduce a novel definition of generally semantic parts, which Parts4Feature learns to detect in multiple views from different 3D shape segmentation benchmarks. A key idea of our architecture is that it transfers the ability to detect semantically meaningful parts in multiple views to learn 3D global features. Parts4Feature achieves this by combining a local part detection branch and a global feature learning branch with a shared region proposal module. The global feature learning branch aggregates the detected parts in terms of learned part patterns with a novel multi-attention mechanism, while the region proposal module enables locally and globally discriminative information to be promoted by each other. We demonstrate that Parts4Feature outperforms the state-of-the-art under three large-scale 3D shape benchmarks. 
### 36.3DViewGraph: Learning Global Features for 3D Shapes from A Graph of Unordered Views with Attention  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07503.pdf)
>  Learning global features by aggregating information over multiple views has been shown to be effective for 3D shape analysis. For view aggregation in deep learning models, pooling has been applied extensively. However, pooling leads to a loss of the content within views, and the spatial relationship among views, which limits the discriminability of learned features. We propose 3DViewGraph to resolve this issue, which learns 3D global features by more effectively aggregating unordered views with attention. Specifically, unordered views taken around a shape are regarded as view nodes on a view graph. 3DViewGraph first learns a novel latent semantic mapping to project low-level view features into meaningful latent semantic embeddings in a lower dimensional space, which is spanned by latent semantic patterns. Then, the content and spatial information of each pair of view nodes are encoded by a novel spatial pattern correlation, where the correlation is computed among latent semantic patterns. Finally, all spatial pattern correlations are integrated with attention weights learned by a novel attention mechanism. This further increases the discriminability of learned features by highlighting the unordered view nodes with distinctive characteristics and depressing the ones with appearance ambiguity. We show that 3DViewGraph outperforms state-of-the-art methods under three large-scale benchmarks. 
### 37.Learning to Reconstruct 3D Manhattan Wireframes from a Single Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07482.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method to obtain a compact and accurate 3D wireframe representation from a single image by effectively exploiting global structural regularities. Our method trains a convolutional neural network to simultaneously detect salient junctions and straight lines, as well as predict their 3D depth and vanishing points. Compared with the state-of-the-art learning-based wireframe detection methods, our network is much simpler and more unified, leading to better 2D wireframe detection. With global structural priors such as Manhattan assumption, our method further reconstructs a full 3D wireframe model, a compact vector representation suitable for a variety of high-level vision tasks such as AR and CAD. We conduct extensive evaluations on a large synthetic dataset of urban scenes as well as real images. Our code and datasets will be released. 
### 38.Multilinear Compressive Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07481.pdf)
>  Compressive Learning is an emerging topic that combines signal acquisition via compressive sensing and machine learning to perform inference tasks directly on a small number of measurements. Many data modalities naturally have a multi-dimensional or tensorial format, with each dimension or tensor mode representing different features such as the spatial and temporal information in video sequences or the spatial and spectral information in hyperspectral images. However, in existing compressive learning frameworks, the compressive sensing component utilizes either random or learned linear projection on the vectorized signal to perform signal acquisition, thus discarding the multi-dimensional structure of the signals. In this paper, we propose Multilinear Compressive Learning, a framework that takes into account the tensorial nature of multi-dimensional signals in the acquisition step and builds the subsequent inference model on the structurally sensed measurements. Our theoretical complexity analysis shows that the proposed framework is more efficient compared to its vector-based counterpart in both memory and computation requirement. With extensive experiments, we also empirically show that our Multilinear Compressive Learning framework outperforms the vector-based framework in object classification and face recognition tasks, and scales favorably when the dimensionalities of the original signals increase, making it highly efficient for high-dimensional multi-dimensional signals. 
### 39.Analysis of critical parameters of satellite stereo image for 3D reconstruction and mapping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07476.pdf)
>  Although nowadays advanced dense image matching (DIM) algorithms are able to produce LiDAR (Light Detection And Ranging) comparable dense point clouds from satellite stereo images, the accuracy and completeness of such point clouds heavily depend on the geometric parameters of the satellite stereo images. The intersection angle between two images are normally seen as the most important one in stereo data acquisition, as the state-of-the-art DIM algorithms work best on narrow baseline (smaller intersection angle) stereos (E.g. Semi-Global Matching regards 15-25 degrees as good intersection angle). This factor is in line with the traditional aerial photogrammetry configuration, as the intersection angle directly relates to the base-high ratio and texture distortion in the parallax direction, thus both affecting the horizontal and vertical accuracy. However, our experiments found that even with very similar (and good) intersection angles, the same DIM algorithm applied on different stereo pairs (of the same area) produced point clouds with dramatically different accuracy as compared to the ground truth LiDAR data. This raises a very practical question that is often asked by practitioners: what factors constitute a good satellite stereo pair, such that it produces accurate and optimal results for mapping purpose? In this work, we provide a comprehensive analysis on this matter by performing stereo matching over 1,000 satellite stereo pairs with different acquisition parameters including their intersection angles, off-nadir angles, sun elevation &amp; azimuth angles, as well as time differences, thus to offer a thorough answer to this question. This work will potentially provide a valuable reference to researchers working on multi-view satellite image reconstruction, as well as industrial practitioners minimizing costs for high-quality large-scale mapping. 
### 40.Automated 3D recovery from very high resolution multi-view satellite images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07475.pdf)
>  This paper presents an automated pipeline for processing multi-view satellite images to 3D digital surface models (DSM). The proposed pipeline performs automated geo-referencing and generates high-quality densely matched point clouds. In particular, a novel approach is developed that fuses multiple depth maps derived by stereo matching to generate high-quality 3D maps. By learning critical configurations of stereo pairs from sample LiDAR data, we rank the image pairs based on the proximity of the results to the sample data. Multiple depth maps derived from individual image pairs are fused with an adaptive 3D median filter that considers the image spectral similarities. We demonstrate that the proposed adaptive median filter generally delivers better results in general as compared to normal median filter, and achieved an accuracy of improvement of 0.36 meters RMSE in the best case. Results and analysis are introduced in detail. 
### 41.Limitations and Biases in Facial Landmark Detection -- An Empirical Study on Older Adults with Dementia  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07446.pdf)
>  Accurate facial expression analysis is an essential step in various clinical applications that involve physical and mental health assessments of older adults (e.g. diagnosis of pain or depression). Although remarkable progress has been achieved toward developing robust facial landmark detection methods, state-of-the-art methods still face many challenges when encountering uncontrolled environments, different ranges of facial expressions, and different demographics of the population. A recent study has revealed that the health status of individuals can also affect the performance of facial landmark detection methods on front views of faces. In this work, we investigate this matter in a much greater context using seven facial landmark detection methods. We perform our evaluation not only on frontal faces but also on profile faces and in various regions of the face. Our results shed light on limitations of the existing methods and challenges of applying these methods in clinical settings by indicating: 1) a significant difference between the performance of state-of-the-art when tested on the profile or frontal faces of individuals with vs. without dementia; 2) insights on the existing bias for all regions of the face; and 3) the presence of this bias despite re-training/fine-tuning with various configurations of six datasets. 
### 42.AutoDispNet: Improving Disparity Estimation with AutoML  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07443.pdf)
>  Much research work in computer vision is being spent on optimizing existing network architectures to obtain a few more percentage points on benchmarks. Recent AutoML approaches promise to relieve us from this effort. However, they are mainly designed for comparatively small-scale classification tasks. In this work, we show how to use and extend existing AutoML techniques to efficiently optimize large-scale U-Net-like encoder-decoder architectures. In particular, we leverage gradient-based neural architecture search and Bayesian optimization for hyperparameter search. The resulting optimization does not require a large company-scale compute cluster. We show results on disparity estimation that clearly outperform the manually optimized baseline and reach state-of-the-art performance. 
### 43.Dynamic Vision Sensor integration on FPGA-based CNN accelerators for high-speed visual classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07419.pdf)
>  Deep-learning is a cutting edge theory that is being applied to many fields. For vision applications the Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are demanding significant accuracy for classification tasks. Numerous hardware accelerators have populated during the last years to improve CPU or GPU based solutions. This technology is commonly prototyped and tested over FPGAs before being considered for ASIC fabrication for mass production. The use of commercial typical cameras (30fps) limits the capabilities of these systems for high speed applications. The use of dynamic vision sensors (DVS) that emulate the behavior of a biological retina is taking an incremental importance to improve this applications due to its nature, where the information is represented by a continuous stream of spikes and the frames to be processed by the CNN are constructed collecting a fixed number of these spikes (called events). The faster an object is, the more events are produced by DVS, so the higher is the equivalent frame rate. Therefore, these DVS utilization allows to compute a frame at the maximum speed a CNN accelerator can offer. In this paper we present a VHDL/HLS description of a pipelined design for FPGA able to collect events from an Address-Event-Representation (AER) DVS retina to obtain a normalized histogram to be used by a particular CNN accelerator, called NullHop. VHDL is used to describe the circuit, and HLS for computation blocks, which are used to perform the normalization of a frame needed for the CNN. Results outperform previous implementations of frames collection and normalization using ARM processors running at 800MHz on a Zynq7100 in both latency and power consumption. A measured 67% speedup factor is presented for a Roshambo CNN real-time experiment running at 160fps peak rate. 
### 44.Adversarially robust transfer learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08232.pdf)
>  Transfer learning, in which a network is trained on one task and re-purposed on another, is often used to produce neural network classifiers when data is scarce or full-scale training is too costly. When the goal is to produce a model that is not only accurate but also adversarially robust, data scarcity and computational limitations become even more cumbersome. <br>We consider robust transfer learning, in which we transfer not only performance but also robustness from a source model to a target domain. We start by observing that robust networks contain robust feature extractors. By training classifiers on top of these feature extractors, we produce new models that inherit the robustness of their parent networks. We then consider the case of fine-tuning a network by re-training end-to-end in the target domain. When using lifelong learning strategies, this process preserves the robustness of the source network while achieving high accuracy. By using such strategies, it is possible to produce accurate and robust models with little data, and without the cost of adversarial training. 
### 45.DARC: Differentiable ARchitecture Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08170.pdf)
>  In many learning situations, resources at inference time are significantly more constrained than resources at training time. This paper studies a general paradigm, called Differentiable ARchitecture Compression (DARC), that combines model compression and architecture search to learn models that are resource-efficient at inference time. Given a resource-intensive base architecture, DARC utilizes the training data to learn which sub-components can be replaced by cheaper alternatives. The high-level technique can be applied to any neural architecture, and we report experiments on state-of-the-art convolutional neural networks for image classification. For a WideResNet with $97.2\%$ accuracy on CIFAR-10, we improve single-sample inference speed by $2.28\times$ and memory footprint by $5.64\times$, with no accuracy loss. For a ResNet with $79.15\%$ Top1 accuracy on ImageNet, we improve batch inference speed by $1.29\times$ and memory footprint by $3.57\times$ with $1\%$ accuracy loss. We also give theoretical Rademacher complexity bounds in simplified cases, showing how DARC avoids overfitting despite over-parameterization. 
### 46.Zero-Shot Knowledge Distillation in Deep Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08114.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation deals with the problem of training a smaller model (Student) from a high capacity source model (Teacher) so as to retain most of its performance. Existing approaches use either the training data or meta-data extracted from it in order to train the Student. However, accessing the dataset on which the Teacher has been trained may not always be feasible if the dataset is very large or it poses privacy or safety concerns (e.g., bio-metric or medical data). Hence, in this paper, we propose a novel data-free method to train the Student from the Teacher. Without even using any meta-data, we synthesize the Data Impressions from the complex Teacher model and utilize these as surrogates for the original training data samples to transfer its learning to Student via knowledge distillation. We, therefore, dub our method "Zero-Shot Knowledge Distillation" and demonstrate that our framework results in competitive generalization performance as achieved by distillation using the actual training data samples on multiple benchmark datasets. 
### 47.Catastrophic forgetting: still a problem for DNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08077.pdf)
>  We investigate the performance of DNNs when trained on class-incremental visual problems consisting of initial training, followed by retraining with added visual classes. Catastrophic forgetting (CF) behavior is measured using a new evaluation procedure that aims at an application-oriented view of incremental learning. In particular, it imposes that model selection must be performed on the initial dataset alone, as well as demanding that retraining control be performed only using the retraining dataset, as initial dataset is usually too large to be kept. Experiments are conducted on class-incremental problems derived from MNIST, using a variety of different DNN models, some of them recently proposed to avoid catastrophic forgetting. When comparing our new evaluation procedure to previous approaches for assessing CF, we find their findings are completely negated, and that none of the tested methods can avoid CF in all experiments. This stresses the importance of a realistic empirical measurement procedure for catastrophic forgetting, and the need for further research in incremental learning for DNNs. 
### 48.Testing Deep Neural Network based Image Classifiers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07831.pdf)
>  Image classification is an important task in today's world with many applications from socio-technical to safety-critical domains. The recent advent of Deep Neural Network (DNN) is the key behind such a wide-spread success. However, such wide adoption comes with the concerns about the reliability of these systems, as several erroneous behaviors have already been reported in many sensitive and critical circumstances. Thus, it has become crucial to rigorously test the image classifiers to ensure high reliability. Many reported erroneous cases in popular neural image classifiers appear because the models often confuse one class with another, or show biases towards some classes over others. These errors usually violate some group properties. Most existing DNN testing and verification techniques focus on per image violations and thus fail to detect such group-level confusions or biases. In this paper, we design, implement and evaluate DeepInspect, a white box testing tool, for automatically detecting confusion and bias of DNN-driven image classification applications. We evaluate DeepInspect using popular DNN-based image classifiers and detect hundreds of classification mistakes. Some of these cases are able to expose potential biases of the network towards certain populations. DeepInspect further reports many classification errors in state-of-the-art robust models. 
### 49.Spatio-Temporal Adversarial Learning for Detecting Unseen Falls  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07817.pdf)
>  Fall detection is an important problem from both the health and machine learning perspective. A fall can lead to severe injuries, long term impairments or even death in some cases. In terms of machine learning, it presents a severely class imbalance problem with very few or no training data for falls owing to the fact that falls occur rarely. In this paper, we take an alternate philosophy to detect falls in the absence of their training data, by training the classifier on only the normal activities (that are available in abundance) and identifying a fall as an anomaly. To realize such a classifier, we use an adversarial learning framework, which comprises of a spatio-temporal autoencoder for reconstructing input video frames and a spatio-temporal convolution network to discriminate them against original video frames. 3D convolutions are used to learn spatial and temporal features from the input video frames. The adversarial learning of the spatio-temporal autoencoder will enable reconstructing the normal activities of daily living efficiently; thus, rendering detecting unseen falls plausible within this framework. We tested the performance of the proposed framework on camera sensing modalities that may preserve an individual's privacy (fully or partially), such as thermal and depth camera. Our results on three publicly available datasets show that the proposed spatio-temporal adversarial framework performed better than other frame based (or spatial) adversarial learning methods. 
### 50.Characterizing SLAM Benchmarks and Methods for the Robust Perception Age  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07808.pdf)
>  The diversity of SLAM benchmarks affords extensive testing of SLAM algorithms to understand their performance, individually or in relative terms. The ad-hoc creation of these benchmarks does not necessarily illuminate the particular weak points of a SLAM algorithm when performance is evaluated. In this paper, we propose to use a decision tree to identify challenging benchmark properties for state-of-the-art SLAM algorithms and important components within the SLAM pipeline regarding their ability to handle these challenges. Establishing what factors of a particular sequence lead to track failure or degradation relative to these characteristics is important if we are to arrive at a strong understanding for the core computational needs of a robust SLAM algorithm. Likewise, we argue that it is important to profile the computational performance of the individual SLAM components for use when benchmarking. In particular, we advocate the use of time-dilation during ROS bag playback, or what we refer to as slo-mo playback. Using slo-mo to benchmark SLAM instantiations can provide clues to how SLAM implementations should be improved at the computational component level. Three prevalent VO/SLAM algorithms and two low-latency algorithms of our own are tested on selected typical sequences, which are generated from benchmark characterization, to further demonstrate the benefits achieved from computationally efficient components. 
### 51.Low-latency Visual SLAM with Appearance-Enhanced Local Map Building  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07797.pdf)
>  A local map module is often implemented in modern VO/VSLAM systems to improve data association and pose estimation. Conventionally, the local map contents are determined by co-visibility. While co-visibility is cheap to establish, it utilizes the relatively-weak temporal prior (i.e. seen before, likely to be seen now), therefore admitting more features into the local map than necessary. This paper describes an enhancement to co-visibility local map building by incorporating a strong appearance prior, which leads to a more compact local map and latency reduction in downstream data association. The appearance prior collected from the current image influences the local map contents: only the map features visually similar to the current measurements are potentially useful for data association. To that end, mapped features are indexed and queried with Multi-index Hashing (MIH). An online hash table selection algorithm is developed to further reduce the query overhead of MIH and the local map size. The proposed appearance-based local map building method is integrated into a state-of-the-art VO/VSLAM system. When evaluated on two public benchmarks, the size of the local map, as well as the latency of real-time pose tracking in VO/VSLAM are significantly reduced. Meanwhile, the VO/VSLAM mean performance is preserved or improves. 
### 52.Leveraging Semantic Embeddings for Safety-Critical Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07733.pdf)
>  Semantic Embeddings are a popular way to represent knowledge in the field of zero-shot learning. We observe their interpretability and discuss their potential utility in a safety-critical context. Concretely, we propose to use them to add introspection and error detection capabilities to neural network classifiers. First, we show how to create embeddings from symbolic domain knowledge. We discuss how to use them for interpreting mispredictions and propose a simple error detection scheme. We then introduce the concept of semantic distance: a real-valued score that measures confidence in the semantic space. We evaluate this score on a traffic sign classifier and find that it achieves near state-of-the-art performance, while being significantly faster to compute than other confidence scores. Our approach requires no changes to the original network and is thus applicable to any task for which domain knowledge is available. 
### 53.An Objective Evaluation Metric for image fusion based on Del Operator  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07709.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel objective evaluation metric for image fusion is presented. Remarkable and attractive points of the proposed metric are that it has no parameter, the result is probability in the range of [0, 1] and it is free from illumination dependence. This metric is easy to implement and the result is computed in four steps: (1) Smoothing the images using Gaussian filter. (2) Transforming images to a vector field using Del operator. (3) Computing the normal distribution function ({\mu},{\sigma}) for each corresponding pixel, and converting to the standard normal distribution function. (4) Computing the probability of being well-behaved fusion method as the result. To judge the quality of the proposed metric, it is compared to thirteen well-known non-reference objective evaluation metrics, where eight fusion methods are employed on seven experiments of multimodal medical images. The experimental results and statistical comparisons show that in contrast to the previously objective evaluation metrics the proposed one performs better in terms of both agreeing with human visual perception and evaluating fusion methods that are not performed at the same level. 
### 54.Multinomial Distribution Learning for Effective Neural Architecture Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07529.pdf)
>  Architectures obtained by Neural Architecture Search (NAS) have achieved highly competitive performance in various computer vision tasks. However, the prohibitive computation demand of forward-backward propagation in deep neural networks and searching algorithms makes it difficult to apply NAS in practice. In this paper, we propose a Multinomial Distribution Learning for extremely effective NAS, which considers the search space as a joint multinomial distribution, i.e., the operation between two nodes is sampled from this distribution, and the optimal network structure is obtained by the operations with the most likely probability in this distribution. Therefore, NAS can be transformed to a multinomial distribution learning problem, i.e., the distribution is optimized to have high expectation of the performance. Besides, a hypothesis that the performance ranking is consistent in every training epoch is proposed and demonstrated to further accelerate the learning process. Experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. On CIFAR-10, the structure searched by our method achieves 2.4\% test error, while being 6.0 $\times$ (only 4 GPU hours on GTX1080Ti) faster compared with state-of-the-art NAS algorithms. On ImageNet, our model achieves 75.2\% top-1 accuracy under MobileNet settings (MobileNet V1/V2), while being 1.2$\times$ faster with measured GPU latency. Test code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tanglang96/MDENAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 55.Rethinking Atmospheric Turbulence Mitigation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07498.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art atmospheric turbulence image restoration methods utilize standard image processing tools such as optical flow, lucky region and blind deconvolution to restore the images. While promising results have been reported over the past decade, many of the methods are agnostic to the physical model that generates the distortion. In this paper, we revisit the turbulence restoration problem by analyzing the reference frame generation and the blind deconvolution steps in a typical restoration pipeline. By leveraging tools in large deviation theory, we rigorously prove the minimum number of frames required to generate a reliable reference for both static and dynamic scenes. We discuss how a turbulence agnostic model can lead to potential flaws, and how to configure a simple spatial-temporal non-local weighted averaging method to generate references. For blind deconvolution, we present a new data-driven prior by analyzing the distributions of the point spread functions. We demonstrate how a simple prior can outperform state-of-the-art blind deconvolution methods. 
### 56.REPLAB: A Reproducible Low-Cost Arm Benchmark Platform for Robotic Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07447.pdf)
>  Standardized evaluation measures have aided in the progress of machine learning approaches in disciplines such as computer vision and machine translation. In this paper, we make the case that robotic learning would also benefit from benchmarking, and present the "REPLAB" platform for benchmarking vision-based manipulation tasks. REPLAB is a reproducible and self-contained hardware stack (robot arm, camera, and workspace) that costs about 2000 USD, occupies a cuboid of size 70x40x60 cm, and permits full assembly within a few hours. Through this low-cost, compact design, REPLAB aims to drive wide participation by lowering the barrier to entry into robotics and to enable easy scaling to many robots. We envision REPLAB as a framework for reproducible research across manipulation tasks, and as a step in this direction, we define a template for a grasping benchmark consisting of a task definition, evaluation protocol, performance measures, and a dataset of 92k grasp attempts. We implement, evaluate, and analyze several previously proposed grasping approaches to establish baselines for this benchmark. Finally, we also implement and evaluate a deep reinforcement learning approach for 3D reaching tasks on our REPLAB platform. Project page with assembly instructions, code, and videos: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://goo.gl/5F9dP4" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 57.Galaxy Zoo: Probabilistic Morphology through Bayesian CNNs and Active Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07424.pdf)
>  We use Bayesian convolutional neural networks and a novel generative model of Galaxy Zoo volunteer responses to infer posteriors for the visual morphology of galaxies. Bayesian CNN can learn from galaxy images with uncertain labels and then, for previously unlabelled galaxies, predict the probability of each possible label. Our posteriors are well-calibrated (e.g. for predicting bars, we achieve coverage errors of 10.6% within 5 responses and 2.9% within 10 responses) and hence are reliable for practical use. Further, using our posteriors, we apply the active learning strategy BALD to request volunteer responses for the subset of galaxies which, if labelled, would be most informative for training our network. We show that training our Bayesian CNNs using active learning requires up to 35-60% fewer labelled galaxies, depending on the morphological feature being classified. By combining human and machine intelligence, Galaxy Zoo will be able to classify surveys of any conceivable scale on a timescale of weeks, providing massive and detailed morphology catalogues to support research into galaxy evolution. 
