# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 7 May 2019
### 1.CARAFE: Content-Aware ReAssembly of FEatures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02188.pdf)
>  Feature upsampling is a key operation in a number of modern convolutional network architectures, e.g. feature pyramids. Its design is critical for dense prediction tasks such as object detection and semantic/instance segmentation. In this work, we propose Content-Aware ReAssembly of FEatures (CARAFE), a universal, lightweight and highly effective operator to fulfill this goal. CARAFE has several appealing properties: (1) Large field of view. Unlike previous works (e.g. bilinear interpolation) that only exploit sub-pixel neighborhood, CARAFE can aggregate contextual information within a large receptive field. (2) Content-aware handling. Instead of using a fixed kernel for all samples (e.g. deconvolution), CARAFE enables instance specific content-aware handling, which generates adaptive kernels on-the-fly. (3) Lightweight and fast to compute. CARAFE introduces little computational overhead and can be readily integrated into modern network architectures. We conduct comprehensive evaluations on standard benchmarks in object detection, instance/semantic segmentation and inpainting. CARAFE shows consistent and substantial gains across all the tasks (1.2%, 1.3%, 1.8%, 1.1db respectively) with negligible computational overhead. It has great potential to serve as a strong building block for future research. 
### 2.Label-Noise Robust Multi-Domain Image-to-Image Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02185.pdf)
>  Multi-domain image-to-image translation is a problem where the goal is to learn mappings among multiple domains. This problem is challenging in terms of scalability because it requires the learning of numerous mappings, the number of which increases proportional to the number of domains. However, generative adversarial networks (GANs) have emerged recently as a powerful framework for this problem. In particular, label-conditional extensions (e.g., StarGAN) have become a promising solution owing to their ability to address this problem using only a single unified model. Nonetheless, a limitation is that they rely on the availability of large-scale clean-labeled data, which are often laborious or impractical to collect in a real-world scenario. To overcome this limitation, we propose a novel model called the label-noise robust image-to-image translation model (RMIT) that can learn a clean label conditional generator even when noisy labeled data are only available. In particular, we propose a novel loss called the virtual cycle consistency loss that is able to regularize cyclic reconstruction independently of noisy labeled data, as well as we introduce advanced techniques to boost the performance in practice. Our experimental results demonstrate that RMIT is useful for obtaining label-noise robustness in various settings including synthetic and real-world noise. 
### 3.Spatio-Temporal Action Localization in a Weakly Supervised Setting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02171.pdf)
>  Enabling computational systems with the ability to localize actions in video-based content has manifold applications. Traditionally, such a problem is approached in a fully-supervised setting where video-clips with complete frame-by-frame annotations around the actions of interest are provided for training. However, the data requirements needed to achieve adequate generalization in this setting is prohibitive. In this work, we circumvent this issue by casting the problem in a weakly supervised setting, i.e., by considering videos as labelled `sets' of unlabelled video segments. Firstly, we apply unsupervised segmentation to take advantage of the elementary structure of each video. Subsequently, a convolutional neural network is used to extract RGB features from the resulting video segments. Finally, Multiple Instance Learning (MIL) is employed to predict labels at the video segment level, thus inherently performing spatio-temporal action detection. In contrast to previous work, we make use of a different MIL formulation in which the label of each video segment is continuous rather then discrete, making the resulting optimization function tractable. Additionally, we utilize a set splitting technique for regularization. Experimental results considering multiple performance indicators on the UCF-Sports data-set support the effectiveness of our approach. 
### 4.Simulating CRF with CNN for CNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02163.pdf)
>  Combining CNN with CRF for modeling dependencies between pixel labels is a popular research direction. This task is far from trivial, especially if end-to-end training is desired. In this paper, we propose a novel simple approach to CNN+CRF combination. In particular, we propose to simulate a CRF regularizer with a trainable module that has standard CNN architecture. We call this module a CRF Simulator. We can automatically generate an unlimited amount of ground truth for training such CRF Simulator without any user interaction, provided we have an efficient algorithm for optimization of the actual CRF regularizer. After our CRF Simulator is trained, it can be directly incorporated as part of any larger CNN architecture, enabling a seamless end-to-end training. In particular, the other modules can learn parameters that are more attuned to the performance of the CRF Simulator module. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on the task of salient object segmentation regularized with the standard binary CRF energy. In contrast to previous work we do not need to develop and implement the complex mechanics of optimizing a specific CRF as part of CNN. In fact, our approach can be easily extended to other CRF energies, including multi-label. To the best of our knowledge we are the first to study the question of whether the output of CNNs can have regularization properties of CRFs. 
### 5.Visibility Constrained Generative Model for Depth-based 3D Facial Pose Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02114.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a generative framework that unifies depth-based 3D facial pose tracking and face model adaptation on-the-fly, in the unconstrained scenarios with heavy occlusions and arbitrary facial expression variations. Specifically, we introduce a statistical 3D morphable model that flexibly describes the distribution of points on the surface of the face model, with an efficient switchable online adaptation that gradually captures the identity of the tracked subject and rapidly constructs a suitable face model when the subject changes. Moreover, unlike prior art that employed ICP-based facial pose estimation, to improve robustness to occlusions, we propose a ray visibility constraint that regularizes the pose based on the face model's visibility with respect to the input point cloud. Ablation studies and experimental results on Biwi and ICT-3DHP datasets demonstrate that the proposed framework is effective and outperforms completing state-of-the-art depth-based methods. 
### 6.Localizing Adverts in Outdoor Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02106.pdf)
>  Online videos have witnessed an unprecedented growth over the last decade, owing to wide range of content creation. This provides the advertisement and marketing agencies plethora of opportunities for targeted advertisements. Such techniques involve replacing an existing advertisement in a video frame, with a new advertisement. However, such post-processing of online videos is mostly done manually by video editors. This is cumbersome and time-consuming. In this paper, we propose DeepAds -- a deep neural network, based on the simple encoder-decoder architecture, that can accurately localize the position of an advert in a video frame. Our approach of localizing billboards in outdoor scenes using neural nets, is the first of its kind, and achieves the best performance. We benchmark our proposed method with other semantic segmentation algorithms, on a public dataset of outdoor scenes with manually annotated billboard binary maps. 
### 7.Improved Hard Example Mining by Discovering Attribute-based Hard Person Identity  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02102.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose Hard Person Identity Mining (HPIM) that attempts to refine the hard example mining to improve the exploration efficacy in person re-identification. It is motivated by following observation: the more attributes some people share, the more difficult to separate their identities. Based on this observation, we develop HPIM via a transferred attribute describer, a deep multi-attribute classifier trained from the source noisy person attribute datasets. We encode each image into the attribute probabilistic description in the target person re-ID dataset. Afterwards in the attribute code space, we consider each person as a distribution to generate his view-specific attribute codes in different practical scenarios. Hence we estimate the person-specific statistical moments from zeroth to higher order, which are further used to calculate the central moment discrepancies between persons. Such discrepancy is a ground to choose hard identity to organize proper mini-batches, without concerning the person representation changing in metric learning. It presents as a complementary tool of hard example mining, which helps to explore the global instead of the local hard example constraint in the mini-batch built by randomly sampled identities. Extensive experiments on two person re-identification benchmarks validated the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm. 
### 8.Pixel-wise Regression: 3D Hand Pose Estimation via Spatial-form Representation and Differentiable Decoder  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02085.pdf)
>  3D Hand pose estimation from a single depth image is an essential topic in computer vision and human-computer interaction. Although the rising of deep learning method boosts the accuracy a lot, the problem is still hard to solve due to the complex structure of the human hand. Existing methods with deep learning either lose spatial information of hand structure or lack a direct supervision of joint coordinates. In this paper, we propose a novel Pixel-wise Regression method, which use spatial-form representation (SFR) and differentiable decoder (DD) to solve the two problems. To use our method, we build a model, in which we design a particular SFR and its correlative DD which divided the 3D joint coordinates into two parts, plane coordinates and depth coordinates and use two modules named Plane Regression (PR) and Depth Regression (DR) to deal with them respectively. We conduct an ablation experiment to show the method we proposed achieve better results than the former methods. We also make an exploration on how different training strategies influence the learned SFRs and results. The experiment on three public datasets demonstrates that our model is comparable with the existing state-of-the-art models and in one of them our model can reduce mean 3D joint error by 25%. 
### 9.DisplaceNet: Recognising Displaced People from Images by Exploiting Dominance Level  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02025.pdf)
>  Every year millions of men, women and children are forced to leave their homes and seek refuge from wars, human rights violations, persecution, and natural disasters. The number of forcibly displaced people came at a record rate of 44,400 every day throughout 2017, raising the cumulative total to 68.5 million at the years end, overtaken the total population of the United Kingdom. Up to 85% of the forcibly displaced find refuge in low- and middle-income countries, calling for increased humanitarian assistance worldwide. To reduce the amount of manual labour required for human-rights-related image analysis, we introduce DisplaceNet, a novel model which infers potential displaced people from images by integrating the control level of the situation and conventional convolutional neural network (CNN) classifier into one framework for image classification. Experimental results show that DisplaceNet achieves up to 4% coverage-the proportion of a data set for which a classifier is able to produce a prediction-gain over the sole use of a CNN classifier. Our dataset, codes and trained models will be available online at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GKalliatakis/DisplaceNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Few-shot Adaptive Gaze Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01941.pdf)
>  Inter-personal anatomical differences limit the accuracy of person-independent gaze estimation networks. Yet there is a need to lower gaze errors further to enable applications requiring higher quality. Further gains can be achieved by personalizing gaze networks, ideally with few calibration samples. However, over-parameterized neural networks are not amenable to learning from few examples as they can quickly over-fit. We embrace these challenges and propose a novel framework for Few-shot Adaptive GaZE Estimation (FAZE) for learning person-specific gaze networks with very few (less than 9) calibration samples. FAZE learns a rotation-aware latent representation of gaze via a disentangling encoder-decoder architecture along with a highly adaptable gaze estimator trained using meta-learning. It is capable of adapting to any new person to yield significant performance gains with as few as 3 samples, yielding state-of-the-art performance of 3.18-deg on GazeCapture, a 19% improvement over prior art. 
### 11.Deep Visual City Recognition Visualization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01932.pdf)
>  Understanding how cities visually differ from each others is interesting for planners, residents, and historians. We investigate the interpretation of deep features learned by convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for city recognition. Given a trained city recognition network, we first generate weighted masks using the known Grad-CAM technique and to select the most discriminate regions in the image. Since the image classification label is the city name, it contains no information of objects that are class-discriminate, we investigate the interpretability of deep representations with two methods. (i) Unsupervised method is used to cluster the objects appearing in the visual explanations. (ii) A pretrained semantic segmentation model is used to label objects in pixel level, and then we introduce statistical measures to quantitatively evaluate the interpretability of discriminate objects. The influence of network architectures and random initializations in training, is studied on the interpretability of CNN features for city recognition. The results suggest that network architectures would affect the interpretability of learned visual representations greater than different initializations. 
### 12.Fast and Reliable Architecture Selection for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01924.pdf)
>  The performance of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) depends on its hyperparameters, like the number of layers, kernel sizes, or the learning rate for example. Especially in smaller networks and applications with limited computational resources, optimisation is key. We present a fast and efficient approach for CNN architecture selection. Taking into account time consumption, precision and robustness, we develop a heuristic to quickly and reliably assess a network's performance. In combination with Bayesian optimisation (BO), to effectively cover the vast parameter space, our contribution offers a plain and powerful architecture search for this machine learning technique. 
### 13.FaceShapeGene: A Disentangled Shape Representation for Flexible Face Image Editing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01920.pdf)
>  Existing methods for face image manipulation generally focus on editing the expression, changing some predefined attributes, or applying different filters. However, users lack the flexibility of controlling the shapes of different semantic facial parts in the generated face. In this paper, we propose an approach to compute a disentangled shape representation for a face image, namely the FaceShapeGene. The proposed FaceShapeGene encodes the shape information of each semantic facial part separately into a 1D latent vector. On the basis of the FaceShapeGene, a novel part-wise face image editing system is developed, which contains a shape-remix network and a conditional label-to-face transformer. The shape-remix network can freely recombine the part-wise latent vectors from different individuals, producing a remixed face shape in the form of a label map, which contains the facial characteristics of multiple subjects. The conditional label-to-face transformer, which is trained in an unsupervised cyclic manner, performs part-wise face editing while preserving the original identity of the subject. Experimental results on several tasks demonstrate that the proposed FaceShapeGene representation correctly disentangles the shape features of different semantic parts. %In addition, we test our system on several novel part-wise face editing tasks. Comparisons to existing methods demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method on accomplishing novel face editing tasks. 
### 14.Image Captioning with Clause-Focused Metrics in a Multi-Modal Setting for Marketing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01919.pdf)
>  Automatically generating descriptive captions for images is a well-researched area in computer vision. However, existing evaluation approaches focus on measuring the similarity between two sentences disregarding fine-grained semantics of the captions. In our setting of images depicting persons interacting with branded products, the subject, predicate, object and the name of the branded product are important evaluation criteria of the generated captions. Generating image captions with these constraints is a new challenge, which we tackle in this work. By simultaneously predicting integer-valued ratings that describe attributes of the human-product interaction, we optimize a deep neural network architecture in a multi-task learning setting, which considerably improves the caption quality. Furthermore, we introduce a novel metric that allows us to assess whether the generated captions meet our requirements (i.e., subject, predicate, object, and product name) and describe a series of experiments on caption quality and how to address annotator disagreements for the image ratings with an approach called soft targets. We also show that our novel clause-focused metrics are also applicable to other image captioning datasets, such as the popular MSCOCO dataset. 
### 15.Automated Segmentation of Lesions in Ultrasound Using Semi-pixel-wise Cycle Generative Adversarial Nets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01902.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is the most common invasive cancer with the highest cancer occurrence in females. Handheld ultrasound is one of the most efficient ways to identify and diagnose the breast cancer. The area and the shape information of a lesion is very helpful for clinicians to make diagnostic decisions. In this study we propose a new deep-learning scheme, semi-pixel-wise cycle generative adversarial net (SPCGAN) for segmenting the lesion in 2D ultrasound. The method takes the advantage of a fully connected convolutional neural network (FCN) and a generative adversarial net to segment a lesion by using prior knowledge. We compared the proposed method to a fully connected neural network and the level set segmentation method on a test dataset consisting of 32 malignant lesions and 109 benign lesions. Our proposed method achieved a Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) of 0.92 while FCN and the level set achieved 0.90 and 0.79 respectively. Particularly, for malignant lesions, our method increases the DSC (0.90) of the fully connected neural network to 0.93 significantly (p$&lt;$0.001). The results show that our SPCGAN can obtain robust segmentation results and may be used to relieve the radiologists' burden for annotation. 
### 16.SEMEDA: Enhancing Segmentation Precision with Semantic Edge Aware Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01892.pdf)
>  While nowadays deep neural networks achieve impressive performances on semantic segmentation tasks, they are usually trained by optimizing pixel-wise losses such as cross-entropy. As a result, the predictions outputted by such networks usually struggle to accurately capture the object boundaries and exhibit holes inside the objects. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to improve the structure of the predicted segmentation masks. We introduce a novel semantic edge detection network, which allows to match the predicted and ground truth segmentation masks. This Semantic Edge-Aware strategy (SEMEDA) can be combined with any backbone deep network in an end-to-end training framework. Through thorough experimental validation on Pascal VOC 2012 and Cityscapes datasets, we show that the proposed SEMEDA approach enhances the structure of the predicted segmentation masks by enforcing sharp boundaries and avoiding discontinuities inside objects, improving the segmentation performance. In addition, our semantic edge-aware loss can be integrated into any popular segmentation network without requiring any additional annotation and with negligible computational load, as compared to standard pixel-wise cross-entropy loss. 
### 17.The Missing Data Encoder: Cross-Channel Image Completion\\with Hide-And-Seek Adversarial Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01861.pdf)
>  Image completion is the problem of generating whole images from fragments only. It encompasses inpainting (generating a patch given its surrounding), reverse inpainting/extrapolation (generating the periphery given the central patch) as well as colorization (generating one or several channels given other ones). In this paper, we employ a deep network to perform image completion, with adversarial training as well as perceptual and completion losses, and call it the ``missing data encoder'' (MDE). We consider several configurations based on how the seed fragments are chosen. We show that training MDE for ``random extrapolation and colorization'' (MDE-REC), i.e. using random channel-independent fragments, allows a better capture of the image semantics and geometry. MDE training makes use of a novel ``hide-and-seek'' adversarial loss, where the discriminator seeks the original non-masked regions, while the generator tries to hide them. We validate our models both qualitatively and quantitatively on several datasets, showing their interest for image completion, unsupervised representation learning as well as face occlusion handling. 
### 18.P-ODN: Prototype based Open Deep Network for Open Set Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01851.pdf)
>  Most of the existing recognition algorithms are proposed for closed set scenarios, where all categories are known beforehand. However, in practice, recognition is essentially an open set problem. There are categories we know called "knowns", and there are more we do not know called "unknowns". Enumerating all categories beforehand is never possible, consequently it is infeasible to prepare sufficient training samples for those unknowns. Applying closed set recognition methods will naturally lead to unseen-category errors. To address this problem, we propose the prototype based Open Deep Network (P-ODN) for open set recognition tasks. Specifically, we introduce prototype learning into open set recognition. Prototypes and prototype radiuses are trained jointly to guide a CNN network to derive more discriminative features. Then P-ODN detects the unknowns by applying a multi-class triplet thresholding method based on the distance metric between features and prototypes. Manual labeling the unknowns which are detected in the previous process as new categories. Predictors for new categories are added to the classification layer to "open" the deep neural networks to incorporate new categories dynamically. The weights of new predictors are initialized exquisitely by applying a distances based algorithm to transfer the learned knowledge. Consequently, this initialization method speed up the fine-tuning process and reduce the samples needed to train new predictors. Extensive experiments show that P-ODN can effectively detect unknowns and needs only few samples with human intervention to recognize a new category. In the real world scenarios, our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on the UCF11, UCF50, UCF101 and HMDB51 datasets. 
### 19.Extracting human emotions at different places based on facial expressions and spatial clustering analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01817.pdf)
>  The emergence of big data enables us to evaluate the various human emotions at places from a statistic perspective by applying affective computing. In this study, a novel framework for extracting human emotions from large-scale georeferenced photos at different places is proposed. After the construction of places based on spatial clustering of user generated footprints collected in social media websites, online cognitive services are utilized to extract human emotions from facial expressions using the state-of-the-art computer vision techniques. And two happiness metrics are defined for measuring the human emotions at different places. To validate the feasibility of the framework, we take 80 tourist attractions around the world as an example and a happiness ranking list of places is generated based on human emotions calculated over 2 million faces detected out from over 6 million photos. Different kinds of geographical contexts are taken into consideration to find out the relationship between human emotions and environmental factors. Results show that much of the emotional variation at different places can be explained by a few factors such as openness. The research may offer insights on integrating human emotions to enrich the understanding of sense of place in geography and in place-based GIS. 
### 20.Fine-grained Attention-based Video Face Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01796.pdf)
>  This paper aims to learn a compact representation of a video for video face recognition task. We make the following contributions: first, we propose a meta attention-based aggregation scheme which adaptively and fine-grained weighs the feature along each feature dimension among all frames to form a compact and discriminative representation. It makes the best to exploit the valuable or discriminative part of each frame to promote the performance of face recognition, without discarding or despising low quality frames as usual methods do. Second, we build a feature aggregation network comprised of a feature embedding module and a feature aggregation module. The embedding module is a convolutional neural network used to extract a feature vector from a face image, while the aggregation module consists of cascaded two meta attention blocks which adaptively aggregate the feature vectors into a single fixed-length representation. The network can deal with arbitrary number of frames, and is insensitive to frame order. Third, we validate the performance of proposed aggregation scheme. Experiments on publicly available datasets, such as YouTube face dataset and IJB-A dataset, show the effectiveness of our method, and it achieves competitive performances on both the verification and identification protocols. 
### 21.Creating Lightweight Object Detectors with Model Compression for Deployment on Edge Devices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01787.pdf)
>  To achieve lightweight object detectors for deployment on the edge devices, an effective model compression pipeline is proposed in this paper. The compression pipeline consists of automatic channel pruning for the backbone, fixed channel deletion for the branch layers and knowledge distillation for the guidance learning. As results, the Resnet50-v1d is auto-pruned and fine-tuned on ImageNet to attain a compact base model as the backbone of object detector. Then, lightweight object detectors are implemented with proposed compression pipeline. For instance, the SSD-300 with model size=16.3MB, FLOPS=2.31G, and mAP=71.2 is created, revealing a better result than SSD-300-MobileNet. 
### 22.Nostalgin: Extracting 3D City Models from Historical Image Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01772.pdf)
>  What did it feel like to walk through a city from the past? In this work, we describe Nostalgin (Nostalgia Engine), a method that can faithfully reconstruct cities from historical images. Unlike existing work in city reconstruction, we focus on the task of reconstructing 3D cities from historical images. Working with historical image data is substantially more difficult, as there are significantly fewer buildings available and the details of the camera parameters which captured the images are unknown. Nostalgin can generate a city model even if there is only a single image per facade, regardless of viewpoint or occlusions. To achieve this, our novel architecture combines image segmentation, rectification, and inpainting. We motivate our design decisions with experimental analysis of individual components of our pipeline, and show that we can improve on baselines in both speed and visual realism. We demonstrate the efficacy of our pipeline by recreating two 1940s Manhattan city blocks. We aim to deploy Nostalgin as an open source platform where users can generate immersive historical experiences from their own photos. 
### 23.Understanding urban landuse from the above and ground perspectives: a deep learning, multimodal solution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01752.pdf)
>  Landuse characterization is important for urban planning. It is traditionally performed with field surveys or manual photo interpretation, two practices that are time-consuming and labor-intensive. Therefore, we aim to automate landuse mapping at the urban-object level with a deep learning approach based on data from multiple sources (or modalities). We consider two image modalities: overhead imagery from Google Maps and ensembles of ground-based pictures (side-views) per urban-object from Google Street View (GSV). These modalities bring complementary visual information pertaining to the urban-objects. We propose an end-to-end trainable model, which uses OpenStreetMap annotations as labels. The model can accommodate a variable number of GSV pictures for the ground-based branch and can also function in the absence of ground pictures at prediction time. We test the effectiveness of our model over the area of Île-de-France, France, and test its generalization abilities on a set of urban-objects from the city of Nantes, France. Our proposed multimodal Convolutional Neural Network achieves considerably higher accuracies than methods that use a single image modality, making it suitable for automatic landuse map updates. Additionally, our approach could be easily scaled to multiple cities, because it is based on data sources available for many cities worldwide. 
### 24.Towards Instance-level Image-to-Image Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01744.pdf)
>  Unpaired Image-to-image Translation is a new rising and challenging vision problem that aims to learn a mapping between unaligned image pairs in diverse domains. Recent advances in this field like MUNIT and DRIT mainly focus on disentangling content and style/attribute from a given image first, then directly adopting the global style to guide the model to synthesize new domain images. However, this kind of approaches severely incurs contradiction if the target domain images are content-rich with multiple discrepant objects. In this paper, we present a simple yet effective instance-aware image-to-image translation approach (INIT), which employs the fine-grained local (instance) and global styles to the target image spatially. The proposed INIT exhibits three import advantages: (1) the instance-level objective loss can help learn a more accurate reconstruction and incorporate diverse attributes of objects; (2) the styles used for target domain of local/global areas are from corresponding spatial regions in source domain, which intuitively is a more reasonable mapping; (3) the joint training process can benefit both fine and coarse granularity and incorporates instance information to improve the quality of global translation. We also collect a large-scale benchmark for the new instance-level translation task. We observe that our synthetic images can even benefit real-world vision tasks like generic object detection. 
### 25.Breast Tumor Cellularity Assessment using Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01743.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is one of the main causes of death worldwide. Histopathological cellularity assessment of residual tumors in post-surgical tissues is used to analyze a tumor's response to a therapy. Correct cellularity assessment increases the chances of getting an appropriate treatment and facilitates the patient's survival. In current clinical practice, tumor cellularity is manually estimated by pathologists; this process is tedious and prone to errors or low agreement rates between assessors. In this work, we evaluated three strong novel Deep Learning-based approaches for automatic assessment of tumor cellularity from post-treated breast surgical specimens stained with hematoxylin and eosin. We validated the proposed methods on the BreastPathQ SPIE challenge dataset that consisted of 2395 image patches selected from whole slide images acquired from 64 patients. Compared to expert pathologist scoring, our best performing method yielded the Cohen's kappa coefficient of 0.70 (vs. 0.42 previously known in literature) and the intra-class correlation coefficient of 0.89 (vs. 0.83). Our results suggest that Deep Learning-based methods have a significant potential to alleviate the burden on pathologists, enhance the diagnostic workflow, and, thereby, facilitate better clinical outcomes in breast cancer treatment. 
### 26.Few-Shot Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01723.pdf)
>  Unsupervised image-to-image translation methods learn to map images in a given class to an analogous image in a different class, drawing on unstructured (non-registered) datasets of images. While remarkably successful, current methods require access to many images in both source and destination classes at training time. We argue this greatly limits their use. Drawing inspiration from the human capability of picking up the essence of a novel object from a small number of examples and generalizing from there, we seek a few-shot, unsupervised image-to-image translation algorithm that works on previously unseen target classes that are specified, at test time, only by a few example images. Our model achieves this few-shot generation capability by coupling an adversarial training scheme with a novel network design. Through extensive experimental validation and comparisons to several baseline methods on benchmark datasets, we verify the effectiveness of the proposed framework. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nvlabs.github.io/FUNIT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 27.Intra-clip Aggregation for Video Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01722.pdf)
>  Video-based person re-id has drawn much attention in recent years due to its prospective applications in video surveillance. Most existing methods concentrate on how to represent discriminative clip-level features. Moreover, clip-level data augmentation is also important, especially for temporal aggregation task. Inconsistent intra-clip augmentation will collapse inter-frame alignment, thus bringing in additional noise. To tackle the above-motioned problems, we design a novel framework for video-based person re-id, which consists of two main modules: Synchronized Transformation (ST) and Intra-clip Aggregation (ICA). The former module augments intra-clip frames with the same probability and the same operation, while the latter leverages two-level intra-clip encoding to generate more discriminative clip-level features. To confirm the advantage of synchronized transformation, we conduct ablation study with different synchronized transformation scheme. We also perform cross-dataset experiment to better understand the generality of our method. Extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets demonstrate that our framework outperforming the most of recent state-of-the-art methods. 
### 28.Learning Character-Agnostic Motion for Motion Retargeting in 2D  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01680.pdf)
>  Analyzing human motion is a challenging task with a wide variety of applications in computer vision and in graphics. One such application, of particular importance in computer animation, is the retargeting of motion from one performer to another. While humans move in three dimensions, the vast majority of human motions are captured using video, requiring 2D-to-3D pose and camera recovery, before existing retargeting approaches may be applied. In this paper, we present a new method for retargeting video-captured motion between different human performers, without the need to explicitly reconstruct 3D poses and/or camera parameters. In order to achieve our goal, we learn to extract, directly from a video, a high-level latent motion representation, which is invariant to the skeleton geometry and the camera view. Our key idea is to train a deep neural network to decompose temporal sequences of 2D poses into three components: motion, skeleton, and camera view-angle. Having extracted such a representation, we are able to re-combine motion with novel skeletons and camera views, and decode a retargeted temporal sequence, which we compare to a ground truth from a synthetic dataset. We demonstrate that our framework can be used to robustly extract human motion from videos, bypassing 3D reconstruction, and outperforming existing retargeting methods, when applied to videos in-the-wild. It also enables additional applications, such as performance cloning, video-driven cartoons, and motion retrieval. 
### 29.GETNET: A General End-to-end Two-dimensional CNN Framework for Hyperspectral Image Change Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01662.pdf)
>  Change detection (CD) is an important application of remote sensing, which provides timely change information about large-scale Earth surface. With the emergence of hyperspectral imagery, CD technology has been greatly promoted, as hyperspectral data with the highspectral resolution are capable of detecting finer changes than using the traditional multispectral imagery. Nevertheless, the high dimension of hyperspectral data makes it difficult to implement traditional CD algorithms. Besides, endmember abundance information at subpixel level is often not fully utilized. In order to better handle high dimension problem and explore abundance information, this paper presents a General End-to-end Two-dimensional CNN (GETNET) framework for hyperspectral image change detection (HSI-CD). The main contributions of this work are threefold: 1) Mixed-affinity matrix that integrates subpixel representation is introduced to mine more cross-channel gradient features and fuse multi-source information; 2) 2-D CNN is designed to learn the discriminative features effectively from multi-source data at a higher level and enhance the generalization ability of the proposed CD algorithm; 3) A new HSI-CD data set is designed for the objective comparison of different methods. Experimental results on real hyperspectral data sets demonstrate the proposed method outperforms most of the state-of-the-arts. 
### 30.Drone Path-Following in GPS-Denied Environments using Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01658.pdf)
>  his paper presents a simple approach for drone navigation to follow a predetermined path using visual input only without reliance on a Global Positioning System (GPS). A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is used to output the steering command of the drone in an end-to-end approach. We tested our approach in two simulated environments in the Unreal Engine using the AirSim plugin for drone simulation. Results show that the proposed approach, despite its simplicity, has average cross track distance less than 2.9 meters in the simulated environment. We also investigate the significance of data augmentation in path following. Finally, we conclude by suggesting possible enhancements for extending our approach to more difficult paths in real life, in the hope that one day visual navigation will become the norm in GPS-denied zones. 
### 31.Deep Convolutional Neural Network-Based Autonomous Drone Navigation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01657.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel approach for aerial drone autonomous navigation along predetermined paths using only visual input form an onboard camera and without reliance on a Global Positioning System (GPS). It is based on using a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) combined with a regressor to output the drone steering commands. Furthermore, multiple auxiliary navigation paths that form a navigation envelope are used for data augmentation to make the system adaptable to real-life deployment scenarios. The approach is suitable for automating drone navigation in applications that exhibit regular trips or visits to same locations such as environmental and desertification monitoring, parcel/aid delivery and drone-based wireless internet delivery. In this case, the proposed algorithm replaces human operators, enhances accuracy of GPS-based map navigation, alleviates problems related to GPS-spoofing and enables navigation in GPS-denied environments. Our system is tested in two scenarios using the Unreal Engine-based AirSim plugin for drone simulation with promising results of average cross track distance less than 1.4 meters and mean waypoints minimum distance of less than 1 meter. 
### 32.Towards More Realistic Human-Robot Conversation: A Seq2Seq-based Body Gesture Interaction System  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01641.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method to improve the conversational interaction abilities of intelligent robots to enable more realistic body gestures. The sequence-to-sequence (seq2seq) model is adapted for synthesizing the robots' body gestures represented by the movements of twelve upper-body keypoints in not only the speaking phase, but also the listening phase for which previous methods can hardly achieve. We collected and preprocessed substantial videos of human conversation from Youtube to train our seq2seq-based models and evaluated them by the mean squared error (MSE) and cosine similarity on the test set. The tuned models were implemented to drive a virtual avatar as well as a physical humanoid robot, to demonstrate the improvement on interaction abilities of our method in practice. With body gestures synthesized by our models, the avatar and Pepper exhibited more intelligently while communicating with humans. 
### 33.Deep Video Inpainting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01639.pdf)
>  Video inpainting aims to fill spatio-temporal holes with plausible content in a video. Despite tremendous progress of deep neural networks for image inpainting, it is challenging to extend these methods to the video domain due to the additional time dimension. In this work, we propose a novel deep network architecture for fast video inpainting. Built upon an image-based encoder-decoder model, our framework is designed to collect and refine information from neighbor frames and synthesize still-unknown regions. At the same time, the output is enforced to be temporally consistent by a recurrent feedback and a temporal memory module. Compared with the state-of-the-art image inpainting algorithm, our method produces videos that are much more semantically correct and temporally smooth. In contrast to the prior video completion method which relies on time-consuming optimization, our method runs in near real-time while generating competitive video results. Finally, we applied our framework to video retargeting task, and obtain visually pleasing results. 
### 34.A Methodological Review of Visual Road Recognition Procedures for Autonomous Driving Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01635.pdf)
>  The current research interest in autonomous driving is growing at a rapid pace, attracting great investments from both the academic and corporate sectors. In order for vehicles to be fully autonomous, it is imperative that the driver assistance system is adapt in road and lane keeping. In this paper, we present a methodological review of techniques with a focus on visual road detection and recognition. We adopt a pragmatic outlook in presenting this review, whereby the procedures of road recognition is emphasised with respect to its practical implementations. The contribution of this review hence covers the topic in two parts -- the first part describes the methodological approach to conventional road detection, which covers the algorithms and approaches involved to classify and segregate roads from non-road regions; and the other part focuses on recent state-of-the-art machine learning techniques that are applied to visual road recognition, with an emphasis on methods that incorporate convolutional neural networks and semantic segmentation. A subsequent overview of recent implementations in the commercial sector is also presented, along with some recent research works pertaining to road detections. 
### 35.Learning by Inertia: Self-supervised Monocular Visual Odometry for Road Vehicles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01634.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present iDVO (inertia-embedded deep visual odometry), a self-supervised learning based monocular visual odometry (VO) for road vehicles. When modelling the geometric consistency within adjacent frames, most deep VO methods ignore the temporal continuity of the camera pose, which results in a very severe jagged fluctuation in the velocity curves. With the observation that road vehicles tend to perform smooth dynamic characteristics in most of the time, we design the inertia loss function to describe the abnormal motion variation, which assists the model to learn the consecutiveness from long-term camera ego-motion. Based on the recurrent convolutional neural network (RCNN) architecture, our method implicitly models the dynamics of road vehicles and the temporal consecutiveness by the extended Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) block. Furthermore, we develop the dynamic hard-edge mask to handle the non-consistency in fast camera motion by blocking the boundary part and which generates more efficiency in the whole non-consistency mask. The proposed method is evaluated on the KITTI dataset, and the results demonstrate state-of-the-art performance with respect to other monocular deep VO and SLAM approaches. 
### 36.Conditional Generative Neural System for Probabilistic Trajectory Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01631.pdf)
>  Effective understanding of the environment and accurate trajectory prediction of surrounding dynamic obstacles are critical for intelligent systems such as autonomous vehicles and wheeled mobile robotics navigating in complex scenarios to achieve safe and high-quality decision making, motion planning and control. Due to the uncertain nature of the future, it is desired to make inference from a probability perspective instead of deterministic prediction. In this paper, we propose a conditional generative neural system (CGNS) for probabilistic trajectory prediction to approximate the data distribution, with which realistic, feasible and diverse future trajectory hypotheses can be sampled. The system combines the strengths of conditional latent space learning and variational divergence minimization, and leverages both static context and interaction information with soft attention mechanisms. We also propose a regularization method for incorporating soft constraints into deep neural networks with differentiable barrier functions, which can regulate and push the generated samples into the feasible regions. The proposed system is evaluated on several public benchmark datasets for pedestrian trajectory prediction and a roundabout naturalistic driving dataset collected by ourselves. The experiment results demonstrate that our model achieves better performance than various baseline approaches in terms of prediction accuracy. 
### 37.A Review of Object Detection Models based on Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01614.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) has become the state-of-the-art for object detection task. In this paper, we have explained different object detection models based on CNN. We have categorized those detection models according to two different approaches: two-stage approach and one-stage approach. Through this paper, we have shown advancements in object detection model from R-CNN to latest RefineDet. We have discussed the model description and training details of each model. We have also drawn a comparison among those models. 
### 38.PasteGAN: A Semi-Parametric Method to Generate Image from Scene Graph  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01608.pdf)
>  Despite some exciting progress on high-quality image generation from structured~(scene graphs) or free-form~(sentences) descriptions, most of them only guarantee the image-level semantical consistency, \ie the generated image matching the semantic meaning of the description. However, it still lacks the investigations on synthesizing the images in a more controllable way, like finely manipulating the visual appearance of every object. Therefore, to generate the images with preferred objects and rich interactions, we propose a semi-parametric method, denoted as PasteGAN, for generating the image from the scene graph, where spatial arrangements of the objects and their pair-wise relationships are defined by the scene graph and the object appearances are determined by given object crops. To enhance the interactions of the objects in the output, we design a Crop Refining Network to embed the objects as well as their relationships into one map. Multiple losses work collaboratively to guarantee the generated images highly respecting the crops and complying with the scene graphs while maintaining excellent image quality. A crop selector is also proposed to pick the most-compatible crops from our external object tank by encoding the interactions around the objects in the scene graph if the crops are not provided. Evaluated on Visual Genome and COCO-Stuff, our proposed method significantly outperforms the SOTA methods on both Inception Score and Diversity Score with a huge margin. Extensive experiments also demonstrate our method's ability to generate complex and diverse images with given objects. 
### 39.On Exploring Undetermined Relationships for Visual Relationship Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01595.pdf)
>  In visual relationship detection, human-notated relationships can be regarded as determinate relationships. However, there are still large amount of unlabeled data, such as object pairs with less significant relationships or even with no relationships. We refer to these unlabeled but potentially useful data as undetermined relationships. Although a vast body of literature exists, few methods exploit these undetermined relationships for visual relationship detection. <br>In this paper, we explore the beneficial effect of undetermined relationships on visual relationship detection. We propose a novel multi-modal feature based undetermined relationship learning network (MF-URLN) and achieve great improvements in relationship detection. In detail, our MF-URLN automatically generates undetermined relationships by comparing object pairs with human-notated data according to a designed criterion. Then, the MF-URLN extracts and fuses features of object pairs from three complementary modals: visual, spatial, and linguistic modals. Further, the MF-URLN proposes two correlated subnetworks: one subnetwork decides the determinate confidence, and the other predicts the relationships. We evaluate the MF-URLN on two datasets: the Visual Relationship Detection (VRD) and the Visual Genome (VG) datasets. The experimental results compared with state-of-the-art methods verify the significant improvements made by the undetermined relationships, e.g., the top-50 relation detection recall improves from 19.5% to 23.9% on the VRD dataset. 
### 40.Accurate Face Detection for High Performance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01585.pdf)
>  Face detection has witnessed significant progress due to the advances of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Its central issue in recent years is how to improve the detection performance of tiny faces. To this end, many recent works propose some specific strategies, redesign the architecture and introduce new loss functions for tiny object detection. In this report, we start from the popular one-stage RetinaNet approach and apply some recent tricks to obtain a high performance face detector. Specifically, we apply the Intersection over Union (IoU) loss function for regression, employ the two-step classification and regression for detection, revisit the data augmentation based on data-anchor-sampling for training, utilize the max-out operation for classification and use the multi-scale testing strategy for inference. As a consequence, the proposed face detection method achieves state-of-the-art performance on the most popular and challenging face detection benchmark WIDER FACE dataset. 
### 41.VSSA-NET: Vertical Spatial Sequence Attention Network for Traffic Sign Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01583.pdf)
>  Although traffic sign detection has been studied for years and great progress has been made with the rise of deep learning technique, there are still many problems remaining to be addressed. For complicated real-world traffic scenes, there are two main challenges. Firstly, traffic signs are usually small size objects, which makes it more difficult to detect than large ones; Secondly, it is hard to distinguish false targets which resemble real traffic signs in complex street scenes without context information. To handle these problems, we propose a novel end-to-end deep learning method for traffic sign detection in complex environments. Our contributions are as follows: 1) We propose a multi-resolution feature fusion network architecture which exploits densely connected deconvolution layers with skip connections, and can learn more effective features for the small size object; 2) We frame the traffic sign detection as a spatial sequence classification and regression task, and propose a vertical spatial sequence attention (VSSA) module to gain more context information for better detection performance. To comprehensively evaluate the proposed method, we do experiments on several traffic sign datasets as well as the general object detection dataset and the results have shown the effectiveness of our proposed method. 
### 42.Embedding Structured Contour and Location Prior in Siamesed Fully Convolutional Networks for Road Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01575.pdf)
>  Road detection from the perspective of moving vehicles is a challenging issue in autonomous driving. Recently, many deep learning methods spring up for this task because they can extract high-level local features to find road regions from raw RGB data, such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and Fully Convolutional Networks (FCN). However, how to detect the boundary of road accurately is still an intractable problem. In this paper, we propose a siamesed fully convolutional networks (named as ``s-FCN-loc''), which is able to consider RGB-channel images, semantic contours and location priors simultaneously to segment road region elaborately. To be specific, the s-FCN-loc has two streams to process the original RGB images and contour maps respectively. At the same time, the location prior is directly appended to the siamesed FCN to promote the final detection performance. Our contributions are threefold: (1) An s-FCN-loc is proposed that learns more discriminative features of road boundaries than the original FCN to detect more accurate road regions; (2) Location prior is viewed as a type of feature map and directly appended to the final feature map in s-FCN-loc to promote the detection performance effectively, which is easier than other traditional methods, namely different priors for different inputs (image patches); (3) The convergent speed of training s-FCN-loc model is 30\% faster than the original FCN, because of the guidance of highly structured contours. The proposed approach is evaluated on KITTI Road Detection Benchmark and One-Class Road Detection Dataset, and achieves a competitive result with state of the arts. 
### 43.A Joint Convolutional Neural Networks and Context Transfer for Street Scenes Labeling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01574.pdf)
>  Street scene understanding is an essential task for autonomous driving. One important step towards this direction is scene labeling, which annotates each pixel in the images with a correct class label. Although many approaches have been developed, there are still some weak points. Firstly, many methods are based on the hand-crafted features whose image representation ability is limited. Secondly, they can not label foreground objects accurately due to the dataset bias. Thirdly, in the refinement stage, the traditional Markov Random Filed (MRF) inference is prone to over smoothness. For improving the above problems, this paper proposes a joint method of priori convolutional neural networks at superpixel level (called as ``priori s-CNNs'') and soft restricted context transfer. Our contributions are threefold: (1) A priori s-CNNs model that learns priori location information at superpixel level is proposed to describe various objects discriminatingly; (2) A hierarchical data augmentation method is presented to alleviate dataset bias in the priori s-CNNs training stage, which improves foreground objects labeling significantly; (3) A soft restricted MRF energy function is defined to improve the priori s-CNNs model's labeling performance and reduce the over smoothness at the same time. The proposed approach is verified on CamVid dataset (11 classes) and SIFT Flow Street dataset (16 classes) and achieves competitive performance. 
### 44.Deep Multi-Sensor Lane Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01555.pdf)
>  Reliable and accurate lane detection has been a long-standing problem in the field of autonomous driving. In recent years, many approaches have been developed that use images (or videos) as input and reason in image space. In this paper we argue that accurate image estimates do not translate to precise 3D lane boundaries, which are the input required by modern motion planning algorithms. To address this issue, we propose a novel deep neural network that takes advantage of both LiDAR and camera sensors and produces very accurate estimates directly in 3D space. We demonstrate the performance of our approach on both highways and in cities, and show very accurate estimates in complex scenarios such as heavy traffic (which produces occlusion), fork, merges and intersections. 
### 45.Automated Building Image Extraction from 360-degree Panoramas for Post-Disaster Evaluation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01524.pdf)
>  After a disaster, teams of structural engineers collect vast amounts of images from damaged buildings to obtain new knowledge and extract lessons from the event. However, in many cases, the images collected are captured without sufficient spatial context. When damage is severe, it may be quite difficult to even recognize the building. Accessing images of the pre-disaster condition of those buildings is required to accurately identify the cause of the failure or the actual loss in the building. Here, to address this issue, we develop a method to automatically extract pre-event building images from 360o panorama images (panoramas). By providing a geotagged image collected near the target building as the input, panoramas close to the input image location are automatically downloaded through street view services (e.g., Google or Bing in the United States). By computing the geometric relationship between the panoramas and the target building, the most suitable projection direction for each panorama is identified to generate high-quality 2D images of the building. Region-based convolutional neural networks are exploited to recognize the building within those 2D images. Several panoramas are used so that the detected building images provide various viewpoints of the building. To demonstrate the capability of the technique, we consider residential buildings in Holiday Beach, Texas, the United States which experienced significant devastation in Hurricane Harvey in 2017. Using geotagged images gathered during actual post-disaster building reconnaissance missions, we verify the method by successfully extracting residential building images from Google Street View images, which were captured before the event. 
### 46.Face Hallucination by Attentive Sequence Optimization with Reinforcement Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01509.pdf)
>  Face hallucination is a domain-specific super-resolution problem that aims to generate a high-resolution (HR) face image from a low-resolution~(LR) input. In contrast to the existing patch-wise super-resolution models that divide a face image into regular patches and independently apply LR to HR mapping to each patch, we implement deep reinforcement learning and develop a novel attention-aware face hallucination (Attention-FH) framework, which recurrently learns to attend a sequence of patches and performs facial part enhancement by fully exploiting the global interdependency of the image. Specifically, our proposed framework incorporates two components: a recurrent policy network for dynamically specifying a new attended region at each time step based on the status of the super-resolved image and the past attended region sequence, and a local enhancement network for selected patch hallucination and global state updating. The Attention-FH model jointly learns the recurrent policy network and local enhancement network through maximizing a long-term reward that reflects the hallucination result with respect to the whole HR image. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our Attention-FH significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on in-the-wild face images with large pose and illumination variations. 
### 47.SoilingNet: Soiling Detection on Automotive Surround-View Cameras  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01492.pdf)
>  Cameras are an essential part of sensor suite in autonomous driving. Surround-view cameras are directly exposed to external environment and are vulnerable to get soiled. Cameras have a much higher degradation in performance due to soiling compared to other sensors. Thus it is critical to accurately detect soiling on the cameras, particularly for higher levels of autonomous driving. We created a new dataset having multiple types of soiling namely opaque and transparent. As there is no public dataset available for this task, we will release a public dataset to encourage further research. We demonstrate high accuracy using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based architecture. We also show that it can be combined with the existing object detection task in a multi-task learning framework. Finally, we make use of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to generate more images for data augmentation and show that it works successfully similar to the style transfer. 
### 48.WoodScape: A multi-task, multi-camera fisheye dataset for autonomous driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01489.pdf)
>  Fisheye cameras are commonly employed for obtaining a large field of view in surveillance, augmented reality and in particular automotive applications. In spite of its prevalence, there are few public datasets for detailed evaluation of computer vision algorithms on fisheye images. We release the first extensive fisheye automotive dataset, WoodScape, named after Robert Wood who invented the fisheye camera in 1906. WoodScape comprises of four surround view cameras and nine tasks including segmentation, depth estimation, 3D bounding box detection and soiling detection. Semantic annotation of 40 classes at the instance level is provided for over 10,000 images and annotation for other tasks are provided for over 100,000 images. We would like to encourage the community to adapt computer vision models for fisheye camera instead of naive rectification. 
### 49.Leveraging Crowdsourced GPS Data for Road Extraction from Aerial Imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01447.pdf)
>  Deep learning is revolutionizing the mapping industry. Under lightweight human curation, computer has generated almost half of the roads in Thailand on OpenStreetMap (OSM) using high-resolution aerial imagery. Bing maps are displaying 125 million computer-generated building polygons in the U.S. While tremendously more efficient than manual mapping, one cannot map out everything from the air. Especially for roads, a small prediction gap by image occlusion renders the entire road useless for routing. Misconnections can be more dangerous. Therefore computer-based mapping often requires local verifications, which is still labor intensive. In this paper, we propose to leverage crowdsourced GPS data to improve and support road extraction from aerial imagery. Through novel data augmentation, GPS rendering, and 1D transpose convolution techniques, we show almost 5% improvements over previous competition winning models, and much better robustness when predicting new areas without any new training data or domain adaptation. 
### 50.FlowSAN: Privacy-enhancing Semi-Adversarial Networks to Confound Arbitrary Face-based Gender Classifiers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01388.pdf)
>  Privacy concerns in the modern digital age have prompted researchers to develop techniques that allow users to selectively suppress certain information in collected data while allowing for other information to be extracted. In this regard, Semi-Adversarial Networks (SAN) have recently emerged as a method for imparting soft-biometric privacy to face images. SAN enables modifications of input face images so that the resulting face images can still be reliably used by arbitrary conventional face matchers for recognition purposes, while attribute classifiers, such as gender classifiers, are confounded. However, the generalizability of SANs across arbitrary gender classifiers has remained an open concern. In this work, we propose a new method, FlowSAN, for allowing SANs to generalize to multiple unseen gender classifiers. We propose combining a diverse set of SAN models to compensate each other's weaknesses, thereby, forming a robust model with improved generalization capability. Extensive experiments using different unseen gender classifiers and face matchers demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed paradigm in imparting gender privacy to face images. 
### 51.Steadiface: Real-Time Face-Centric Stabilization on Mobile Phones  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01382.pdf)
>  We present Steadiface, a new real-time face-centric video stabilization method that simultaneously removes hand shake and keeps subject's head stable. We use a CNN to estimate the face landmarks and use them to optimize a stabilized head center. We then formulate an optimization problem to find a virtual camera pose that locates the face to the stabilized head center while retains smooth rotation and translation transitions across frames. We test the proposed method on fieldtest videos and show it stabilizes both the head motion and background. It is robust to large head pose, occlusion, facial appearance variations, and different kinds of camera motions. We show our method advances the state of art in selfie video stabilization by comparing against alternative methods. The whole process runs very efficiently on a modern mobile phone (8.1 ms/frame). 
### 52.Controllable Artistic Text Style Transfer via Shape-Matching GAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01354.pdf)
>  Artistic text style transfer is the task of migrating the style from a source image to the target text to create artistic typography. Recent style transfer methods have considered texture control to enhance usability. However, controlling the stylistic degree in terms of shape deformation remains an important open challenge. In this paper, we present the first text style transfer network that allows for real-time control of the crucial stylistic degree of the glyph through an adjustable parameter. Our key contribution is a novel bidirectional shape matching framework to establish an effective glyph-style mapping at various deformation levels without paired ground truth. Based on this idea, we propose a scale-controllable module to empower a single network to continuously characterize the multi-scale shape features of the style image and transfer these features to the target text. The proposed method demonstrates its superiority over previous state-of-the-arts in generating diverse, controllable and high-quality stylized text. 
### 53.DeepSignals: Predicting Intent of Drivers Through Visual Signals  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01333.pdf)
>  Detecting the intention of drivers is an essential task in self-driving, necessary to anticipate sudden events like lane changes and stops. Turn signals and emergency flashers communicate such intentions, providing seconds of potentially critical reaction time. In this paper, we propose to detect these signals in video sequences by using a deep neural network that reasons about both spatial and temporal information. Our experiments on more than a million frames show high per-frame accuracy in very challenging scenarios. 
### 54.Single Image 3D Hand Reconstruction with Mesh Convolutions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01326.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D reconstruction of deformable objects, such as human body parts, has been typically approached by predicting parameters of heavyweight linear models. In this paper, we demonstrate an alternative solution that is based on the idea of encoding images into a latent non-linear representation of meshes. The prior on 3D hand shapes is learned by training an autoencoder with intrinsic graph convolutions performed in the spectral domain. The pre-trained decoder acts as a non-linear statistical deformable model. The latent parameters that reconstruct the shape and articulated pose of hands in the image are predicted using an image encoder. We show that our system reconstructs plausible meshes and operates in real-time. We evaluate the quality of the mesh reconstructions produced by the decoder on a new dataset and show latent space interpolation results. Our code, data, and models will be made publicly available. 
### 55.MeshDepth: Disconnected Mesh-based Deep Depth Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01312.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for mesh-based single-view depth estimation using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Conventional CNN-based methods are only suitable for representing simple 3D objects because they estimate the deformation from a predefined simple mesh such as a cube or sphere. As a 3D scene representation, we introduce a disconnected mesh made of 2D mesh adaptively determined on the input image. We made a CNN-based framework to compute depths and normals of faces of the mesh. Because of the representation, our method can handle complex indoor scenes. Using common RGBD datasets, we show that our model achieved best or comparable performance comparing to the state-of-the-art pixel-wise dense methods. It should be noted that our method significantly reduces the number of the parameter representing the 3D structure. 
### 56.Computation of Circular Area and Spherical Volume Invariants via Boundary Integrals  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02176.pdf)
>  We show how to compute the circular area invariant of planar curves, and the spherical volume invariant of surfaces, in terms of line and surface integrals, respectively. We use the Divergence Theorem to express the area and volume integrals as line and surface integrals, respectively, against particular kernels; our results also extend to higher dimensional hypersurfaces. The resulting surface integrals are computable analytically on a triangulated mesh. This gives a simple computational algorithm for computing the spherical volume invariant for triangulated surfaces that does not involve discretizing the ambient space. We discuss potential applications to feature detection on broken bone fragments of interest in anthropology. 
### 57.Adversarial Examples Are Not Bugs, They Are Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02175.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples have attracted significant attention in machine learning, but the reasons for their existence and pervasiveness remain unclear. We demonstrate that adversarial examples can be directly attributed to the presence of non-robust features: features derived from patterns in the data distribution that are highly predictive, yet brittle and incomprehensible to humans. After capturing these features within a theoretical framework, we establish their widespread existence in standard datasets. Finally, we present a simple setting where we can rigorously tie the phenomena we observe in practice to a misalignment between the (human-specified) notion of robustness and the inherent geometry of the data. 
### 58.Accurate and Fast reconstruction of Porous Media from Extremely Limited Information Using Conditional Generative Adversarial Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02135.pdf)
>  Porous media are ubiquitous in both nature and engineering applications, thus their modelling and understanding is of vital importance. In contrast to direct acquisition of three-dimensional (3D) images of such medium, obtaining its sub-region (s) like two-dimensional (2D) images or several small areas could be much feasible. Therefore, reconstructing whole images from the limited information is a primary technique in such cases. Specially, in practice the given data cannot generally be determined by users and may be incomplete or partially informed, thus making existing reconstruction methods inaccurate or even ineffective. To overcome this shortcoming, in this study we proposed a deep learning-based framework for reconstructing full image from its much smaller sub-area(s). Particularly, conditional generative adversarial network (CGAN) is utilized to learn the mapping between input (partial image) and output (full image). To preserve the reconstruction accuracy, two simple but effective objective functions are proposed and then coupled with the other two functions to jointly constrain the training procedure. Due to the inherent essence of this ill-posed problem, a Gaussian noise is introduced for producing reconstruction diversity, thus allowing for providing multiple candidate outputs. Extensively tested on a variety of porous materials and demonstrated by both visual inspection and quantitative comparison, the method is shown to be accurate, stable yet fast ($\sim0.08s$ for a $128 \times 128$ image reconstruction). We highlight that the proposed approach can be readily extended, such as incorporating any user-define conditional data and an arbitrary number of object functions into reconstruction, and being coupled with other reconstruction methods. 
### 59.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation using Graph Transduction Games  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02036.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) amounts to assigning class labels to the unlabeled instances of a dataset from a target domain, using labeled instances of a dataset from a related source domain. In this paper, we propose to cast this problem in a game-theoretic setting as a non-cooperative game and introduce a fully automatized iterative algorithm for UDA based on graph transduction games (GTG). The main advantages of this approach are its principled foundation, guaranteed termination of the iterative algorithms to a Nash equilibrium (which corresponds to a consistent labeling condition) and soft labels quantifying the uncertainty of the label assignment process. We also investigate the beneficial effect of using pseudo-labels from linear classifiers to initialize the iterative process. The performance of the resulting methods is assessed on publicly available object recognition benchmark datasets involving both shallow and deep features. Results of experiments demonstrate the suitability of the proposed game-theoretic approach for solving UDA tasks. 
### 60.Digitally Capturing Physical Prototypes During Early-Stage Product Development Projects for Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01950.pdf)
>  Aiming to help researchers capture early-stage Product Development (PD) activity, this article presents a new method for digitally capturing prototypes. The motivation for this work is to understand prototyping in the early stages of PD projects, and this article investigates if and how digital capture of physical prototypes can be used for this purpose. In PD case studies, such early-stage prototypes are usually rough and of low-fidelity and are thus often discarded or substantially modified through the projects. Hence, retrospective access to prototypes is a challenge when trying to gather accurate empirical data. To capture the prototypes developed through the early stages of a project, a new method has been developed for digitally capturing physical prototypes through multi-view images, along with metadata describing by who, when and where the prototypes were captured. In this article, one project is shown in detail to demonstrate how this capturing system can gather empirical data for enriching PD case studies on early-stage projects that focus on prototyping for concept generation. The first approach is to use the multi-view images for a qualitative assessment of the projects, which can provide new insights and understanding on various aspects like design decisions, trade-offs and specifications. The second approach is to analyse the metadata provided by the system to give understanding into prototyping patterns in the projects. The analysis of metadata provides insight into prototyping progression, including the frequency of prototyping, which days the project participants are most active, and how the prototyping changes over time. 
### 61.Differentiable Architecture Search with Ensemble Gumbel-Softmax  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01786.pdf)
>  For network architecture search (NAS), it is crucial but challenging to simultaneously guarantee both effectiveness and efficiency. Towards achieving this goal, we develop a differentiable NAS solution, where the search space includes arbitrary feed-forward network consisting of the predefined number of connections. Benefiting from a proposed ensemble Gumbel-Softmax estimator, our method optimizes both the architecture of a deep network and its parameters in the same round of backward propagation, yielding an end-to-end mechanism of searching network architectures. Extensive experiments on a variety of popular datasets strongly evidence that our method is capable of discovering high-performance architectures, while guaranteeing the requisite efficiency during searching. 
### 62.Better the Devil you Know: An Analysis of Evasion Attacks using Out-of-Distribution Adversarial Examples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01726.pdf)
>  A large body of recent work has investigated the phenomenon of evasion attacks using adversarial examples for deep learning systems, where the addition of norm-bounded perturbations to the test inputs leads to incorrect output classification. Previous work has investigated this phenomenon in closed-world systems where training and test inputs follow a pre-specified distribution. However, real-world implementations of deep learning applications, such as autonomous driving and content classification are likely to operate in the open-world environment. In this paper, we demonstrate the success of open-world evasion attacks, where adversarial examples are generated from out-of-distribution inputs (OOD adversarial examples). In our study, we use 11 state-of-the-art neural network models trained on 3 image datasets of varying complexity. We first demonstrate that state-of-the-art detectors for out-of-distribution data are not robust against OOD adversarial examples. We then consider 5 known defenses for adversarial examples, including state-of-the-art robust training methods, and show that against these defenses, OOD adversarial examples can achieve up to 4$\times$ higher target success rates compared to adversarial examples generated from in-distribution data. We also take a quantitative look at how open-world evasion attacks may affect real-world systems. Finally, we present the first steps towards a robust open-world machine learning system. 
### 63.Unsupervised Detection of Distinctive Regions on 3D Shapes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01684.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel approach to learn and detect distinctive regions on 3D shapes. Unlike previous works, which require labeled data, our method is unsupervised. We conduct the analysis on point sets sampled from 3D shapes and train a deep neural network for an unsupervised shape clustering task to learn local and global features for distinguishing shapes relative to a given shape set. To drive the network to learn in an unsupervised manner, we design a clustering-based nonparametric softmax classifier with an iterative re-clustering of shapes, and an adapted contrastive loss for enhancing the feature embedding quality and stabilizing the learning process. By then, we encourage the network to learn the point distinctiveness on the input shapes. We extensively evaluate various aspects of our approach and present its applications for distinctiveness-guided shape retrieval, sampling, and view selection in 3D scenes. 
### 64.Deep Discriminative Clustering Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01681.pdf)
>  Traditional clustering methods often perform clustering with low-level indiscriminative representations and ignore relationships between patterns, resulting in slight achievements in the era of deep learning. To handle this problem, we develop Deep Discriminative Clustering (DDC) that models the clustering task by investigating relationships between patterns with a deep neural network. Technically, a global constraint is introduced to adaptively estimate the relationships, and a local constraint is developed to endow the network with the capability of learning high-level discriminative representations. By iteratively training the network and estimating the relationships in a mini-batch manner, DDC theoretically converges and the trained network enables to generate a group of discriminative representations that can be treated as clustering centers for straightway clustering. Extensive experiments strongly demonstrate that DDC outperforms current methods on eight image, text and audio datasets concurrently. 
### 65.A Similarity Measure for Material Appearance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01562.pdf)
>  We present a model to measure the similarity in appearance between different materials, which correlates with human similarity judgments. We first create a database of 9,000 rendered images depicting objects with varying materials, shape and illumination. We then gather data on perceived similarity from crowdsourced experiments; our analysis of over 114,840 answers suggests that indeed a shared perception of appearance similarity exists. We feed this data to a deep learning architecture with a novel loss function, which learns a feature space for materials that correlates with such perceived appearance similarity. Our evaluation shows that our model outperforms existing metrics. Last, we demonstrate several applications enabled by our metric, including appearance-based search for material suggestions, database visualization, clustering and summarization, and gamut mapping. 
### 66.Edge-labeling Graph Neural Network for Few-shot Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01436.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel edge-labeling graph neural network (EGNN), which adapts a deep neural network on the edge-labeling graph, for few-shot learning. The previous graph neural network (GNN) approaches in few-shot learning have been based on the node-labeling framework, which implicitly models the intra-cluster similarity and the inter-cluster dissimilarity. In contrast, the proposed EGNN learns to predict the edge-labels rather than the node-labels on the graph that enables the evolution of an explicit clustering by iteratively updating the edge-labels with direct exploitation of both intra-cluster similarity and the inter-cluster dissimilarity. It is also well suited for performing on various numbers of classes without retraining, and can be easily extended to perform a transductive inference. The parameters of the EGNN are learned by episodic training with an edge-labeling loss to obtain a well-generalizable model for unseen low-data problem. On both of the supervised and semi-supervised few-shot image classification tasks with two benchmark datasets, the proposed EGNN significantly improves the performances over the existing GNNs. 
### 67.A Survey on Neural Architecture Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01392.pdf)
>  The growing interest in both the automation of machine learning and deep learning has inevitably led to the development of automated methods for neural architecture optimization. The choice of the network architecture has proven to be critical, and many advances in deep learning spring from its immediate improvements. However, deep learning techniques are computationally intensive and their application requires a high level of domain knowledge. Therefore, even partial automation of this process would help make deep learning more accessible to both researchers and practitioners. With this survey, we provide a formalism which unifies and categorizes the landscape of existing methods along with a detailed analysis that compares and contrasts the different approaches. We achieve this via a discussion of common architecture search spaces and architecture optimization algorithms based on principles of reinforcement learning and evolutionary algorithms along with approaches that incorporate surrogate and one-shot models. Additionally, we address the new research directions which include constrained and multi-objective architecture search as well as automated data augmentation, optimizer and activation function search. 
