# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 6 May 2019
### 1.SCOPS: Self-Supervised Co-Part Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01298.pdf)
>  Parts provide a good intermediate representation of objects that is robust with respect to the camera, pose and appearance variations. Existing works on part segmentation is dominated by supervised approaches that rely on large amounts of manual annotations and can not generalize to unseen object categories. We propose a self-supervised deep learning approach for part segmentation, where we devise several loss functions that aids in predicting part segments that are geometrically concentrated, robust to object variations and are also semantically consistent across different object instances. Extensive experiments on different types of image collections demonstrate that our approach can produce part segments that adhere to object boundaries and also more semantically consistent across object instances compared to existing self-supervised techniques. 
### 2.PRECOG: PREdiction Conditioned On Goals in Visual Multi-Agent Settings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01296.pdf)
>  For autonomous vehicles (AVs) to behave appropriately on roads populated by human-driven vehicles, they must be able to reason about the uncertain intentions and decisions of other drivers from rich perceptual information. Towards these capabilities, we present a probabilistic forecasting model of future interactions of multiple agents. We perform both standard forecasting and conditional forecasting with respect to the AV's goals. Conditional forecasting reasons about how all agents will likely respond to specific decisions of a controlled agent. We train our model on real and simulated data to forecast vehicle trajectories given past positions and LIDAR. Our evaluation shows that our model is substantially more accurate in multi-agent driving scenarios compared to existing state-of-the-art. Beyond its general ability to perform conditional forecasting queries, we show that our model's predictions of all agents improve when conditioned on knowledge of the AV's intentions, further illustrating its capability to model agent interactions. 
### 3.Leveraging Large-Scale Uncurated Data for Unsupervised Pre-training of Visual Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01278.pdf)
>  Pre-training general-purpose visual features with convolutional neural networks without relying on annotations is a challenging and important task. Most recent efforts in unsupervised feature learning have focused on either small or highly curated datasets like ImageNet, whereas using uncurated raw datasets was found to decrease the feature quality when evaluated on a transfer task. Our goal is to bridge the performance gap between unsupervised methods trained on curated data, which are costly to obtain, and massive raw datasets that are easily available. To that effect, we propose a new unsupervised approach which leverages self-supervision and clustering to capture complementary statistics from large-scale data. We validate our approach on 96 million images from YFCC100M, achieving state-of-the-art results among unsupervised methods on standard benchmarks, which confirms the potential of unsupervised learning when only uncurated data are available. We also show that pre-training a supervised VGG-16 with our method achieves 74.6% top-1 accuracy on the validation set of ImageNet classification, which is an improvement of +0.7% over the same network trained from scratch. 
### 4.Learning Cross-Modal Embeddings with Adversarial Networks for Cooking Recipes and Food Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01273.pdf)
>  Food computing is playing an increasingly important role in human daily life, and has found tremendous applications in guiding human behavior towards smart food consumption and healthy lifestyle. An important task under the food-computing umbrella is retrieval, which is particularly helpful for health related applications, where we are interested in retrieving important information about food (e.g., ingredients, nutrition, etc.). In this paper, we investigate an open research task of cross-modal retrieval between cooking recipes and food images, and propose a novel framework Adversarial Cross-Modal Embedding (ACME) to resolve the cross-modal retrieval task in food domains. Specifically, the goal is to learn a common embedding feature space between the two modalities, in which our approach consists of several novel ideas: (i) learning by using a new triplet loss scheme together with an effective sampling strategy, (ii) imposing modality alignment using an adversarial learning strategy, and (iii) imposing cross-modal translation consistency such that the embedding of one modality is able to recover some important information of corresponding instances in the other modality. ACME achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the benchmark Recipe1M dataset, validating the efficacy of the proposed technique. 
### 5.DRIT++: Diverse Image-to-Image Translation via Disentangled Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01270.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation aims to learn the mapping between two visual domains. There are two main challenges for this task: 1) lack of aligned training pairs and 2) multiple possible outputs from a single input image. In this work, we present an approach based on disentangled representation for generating diverse outputs without paired training images. To synthesize diverse outputs, we propose to embed images onto two spaces: a domain-invariant content space capturing shared information across domains and a domain-specific attribute space. Our model takes the encoded content features extracted from a given input and attribute vectors sampled from the attribute space to synthesize diverse outputs at test time. To handle unpaired training data, we introduce a cross-cycle consistency loss based on disentangled representations. Qualitative results show that our model can generate diverse and realistic images on a wide range of tasks without paired training data. For quantitative evaluations, we measure realism with user study and Fréchet inception distance, and measure diversity with the perceptual distance metric, Jensen-Shannon divergence, and number of statistically-different bins. 
### 6.Scaling and Benchmarking Self-Supervised Visual Representation Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01235.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning aims to learn representations from the data itself without explicit manual supervision. Existing efforts ignore a crucial aspect of self-supervised learning - the ability to scale to large amount of data because self-supervision requires no manual labels. In this work, we revisit this principle and scale two popular self-supervised approaches to 100 million images. We show that by scaling on various axes (including data size and problem 'hardness'), one can largely match or even exceed the performance of supervised pre-training on a variety of tasks such as object detection, surface normal estimation (3D) and visual navigation using reinforcement learning. Scaling these methods also provides many interesting insights into the limitations of current self-supervised techniques and evaluations. We conclude that current self-supervised methods are not 'hard' enough to take full advantage of large scale data and do not seem to learn effective high level semantic representations. We also introduce an extensive benchmark across 9 different datasets and tasks. We believe that such a benchmark along with comparable evaluation settings is necessary to make meaningful progress. 
### 7.Seamless Scene Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01220.pdf)
>  In this work we introduce a novel, CNN-based architecture that can be trained end-to-end to deliver seamless scene segmentation results. Our goal is to predict consistent semantic segmentation and detection results by means of a panoptic output format, going beyond the simple combination of independently trained segmentation and detection models. The proposed architecture takes advantage of a novel segmentation head that seamlessly integrates multi-scale features generated by a Feature Pyramid Network with contextual information conveyed by a light-weight DeepLab-like module. As additional contribution we review the panoptic metric and propose an alternative that overcomes its limitations when evaluating non-instance categories. Our proposed network architecture yields state-of-the-art results on three challenging street-level datasets, i.e. Cityscapes, Indian Driving Dataset and Mapillary Vistas. 
### 8.Offline Writer Identification based on the Path Signature Feature  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01207.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel set of features for offline writer identification based on the path signature approach, which provides a principled way to express information contained in a path. By extracting local pathlets from handwriting contours, the path signature can also characterize the offline handwriting style. A codebook method based on the log path signature---a more compact way to express the path signature---is used in this work and shows competitive results on several benchmark offline writer identification datasets, namely the IAM, Firemaker, CVL and ICDAR2013 writer identification contest dataset. 
### 9.Query-guided End-to-End Person Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01203.pdf)
>  Person search has recently gained attention as the novel task of finding a person, provided as a cropped sample, from a gallery of non-cropped images, whereby several other people are also visible. We believe that i. person detection and re-identification should be pursued in a joint optimization framework and that ii. the person search should leverage the query image extensively (e.g. emphasizing unique query patterns). However, so far, no prior art realizes this. We introduce a novel query-guided end-to-end person search network (QEEPS) to address both aspects. We leverage a most recent joint detector and re-identification work, OIM [37]. We extend this with i. a query-guided Siamese squeeze-and-excitation network (QSSE-Net) that uses global context from both the query and gallery images, ii. a query-guided region proposal network (QRPN) to produce query-relevant proposals, and iii. a query-guided similarity subnetwork (QSimNet), to learn a query-guided reidentification score. QEEPS is the first end-to-end query-guided detection and re-id network. On both the most recent CUHK-SYSU [37] and PRW [46] datasets, we outperform the previous state-of-the-art by a large margin. 
### 10.Computational analysis of laminar structure of the human cortex based on local neuron features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01173.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel method for analysis and segmentation of laminar structure of the cortex based on tissue characteristics whose change across the gray matter facilitates distinction between cortical layers. We develop and analyze features of individual neurons to investigate changes in architectonic differentiation and present a novel high-performance, automated tree-ensemble method trained on data manually labeled by three human investigators. From the location and basic measures of neurons, more complex features are developed and used in machine learning models for automatic segmentation of cortical layers. Tree ensembles are used on data manually labeled by three human experts. The most accurate classification results were obtained by training three models separately and creating another ensemble by combining probability outputs for final neuron layer classification. Measurement of importances of developed neuron features on both global model level and individual prediction level are obtained. 
### 11.Distance Metric Learned Collaborative Representation Classifier  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01168.pdf)
>  Any generic deep machine learning algorithm is essentially a function fitting exercise, where the network tunes its weights and parameters to learn discriminatory features by minimizing some cost function. Though the network tries to learn the optimal feature space, it seldom tries to learn an optimal distance metric in the cost function, and hence misses out on an additional layer of abstraction. We present a simple effective way of achieving this by learning a generic Mahalanabis distance in a collaborative loss function in an end-to-end fashion with any standard convolutional network as the feature learner. The proposed method DML-CRC gives state-of-the-art performance on benchmark fine-grained classification datasets CUB Birds, Oxford Flowers and Oxford-IIIT Pets using the VGG-19 deep network. The method is network agnostic and can be used for any similar classification tasks. 
### 12.SinGAN: Learning a Generative Model from a Single Natural Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01164.pdf)
>  We introduce SinGAN, an unconditional generative model that can be learned from a single natural image. Our model is trained to capture the internal distribution of patches within the image, and is then able to generate high quality, diverse samples that carry the same visual content as the image. SinGAN contains a pyramid of fully convolutional GANs, each responsible for learning the patch distribution at a different scale of the image. This allows generating new samples of arbitrary size and aspect ratio, that have significant variability, yet maintain both the global structure and the fine textures of the training image. In contrast to previous single image GAN schemes, our approach is not limited to texture images, and is not conditional (i.e. it generates samples from noise). User studies confirm that the generated samples are commonly confused to be real images. We illustrate the utility of SinGAN in a wide range of image manipulation tasks. 
### 13.Group Emotion Recognition Using Machine Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01118.pdf)
>  Automatic facial emotion recognition is a challenging task that has gained significant scientific interest over the past few years, but the problem of emotion recognition for a group of people has been less extensively studied. However, it is slowly gaining popularity due to the massive amount of data available on social networking sites containing images of groups of people participating in various social events. Group emotion recognition is a challenging problem due to obstructions like head and body pose variations, occlusions, variable lighting conditions, variance of actors, varied indoor and outdoor settings and image quality. The objective of this task is to classify a group's perceived emotion as Positive, Neutral or Negative. In this report, we describe our solution which is a hybrid machine learning system that incorporates deep neural networks and Bayesian classifiers. Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) work from bottom to top, analysing facial expressions expressed by individual faces extracted from the image. The Bayesian network works from top to bottom, inferring the global emotion for the image, by integrating the visual features of the contents of the image obtained through a scene descriptor. In the final pipeline, the group emotion category predicted by an ensemble of CNNs in the bottom-up module is passed as input to the Bayesian Network in the top-down module and an overall prediction for the image is obtained. Experimental results show that the stated system achieves 65.27% accuracy on the validation set which is in line with state-of-the-art results. As an outcome of this project, a Progressive Web Application and an accompanying Android app with a simple and intuitive user interface are presented, allowing users to test out the system with their own pictures. 
### 14.Generating Classification Weights with GNN Denoising Autoencoders for Few-Shot Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01102.pdf)
>  Given an initial recognition model already trained on a set of base classes, the goal of this work is to develop a meta-model for few-shot learning. The meta-model, given as input some novel classes with few training examples per class, must properly adapt the existing recognition model into a new model that can correctly classify in a unified way both the novel and the base classes. To accomplish this goal it must learn to output the appropriate classification weight vectors for those two types of classes. To build our meta-model we make use of two main innovations: we propose the use of a Denoising Autoencoder network (DAE) that (during training) takes as input a set of classification weights corrupted with Gaussian noise and learns to reconstruct the target-discriminative classification weights. In this case, the injected noise on the classification weights serves the role of regularizing the weight generating meta-model. Furthermore, in order to capture the co-dependencies between different classes in a given task instance of our meta-model, we propose to implement the DAE model as a Graph Neural Network (GNN). In order to verify the efficacy of our approach, we extensively evaluate it on ImageNet based few-shot benchmarks and we report strong results that surpass prior approaches. The code and models of our paper will be published on: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gidariss/wDAE_GNN_FewShot" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 15.Temporal Deformable Convolutional Encoder-Decoder Networks for Video Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01077.pdf)
>  It is well believed that video captioning is a fundamental but challenging task in both computer vision and artificial intelligence fields. The prevalent approach is to map an input video to a variable-length output sentence in a sequence to sequence manner via Recurrent Neural Network (RNN). Nevertheless, the training of RNN still suffers to some degree from vanishing/exploding gradient problem, making the optimization difficult. Moreover, the inherently recurrent dependency in RNN prevents parallelization within a sequence during training and therefore limits the computations. In this paper, we present a novel design --- Temporal Deformable Convolutional Encoder-Decoder Networks (dubbed as TDConvED) that fully employ convolutions in both encoder and decoder networks for video captioning. Technically, we exploit convolutional block structures that compute intermediate states of a fixed number of inputs and stack several blocks to capture long-term relationships. The structure in encoder is further equipped with temporal deformable convolution to enable free-form deformation of temporal sampling. Our model also capitalizes on temporal attention mechanism for sentence generation. Extensive experiments are conducted on both MSVD and MSR-VTT video captioning datasets, and superior results are reported when comparing to conventional RNN-based encoder-decoder techniques. More remarkably, TDConvED increases CIDEr-D performance from 58.8% to 67.2% on MSVD. 
### 16.Known-class Aware Self-ensemble for Open Set Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01068.pdf)
>  Existing domain adaptation methods generally assume different domains have the identical label space, which is quite restrict for real-world applications. In this paper, we focus on a more realistic and challenging case of open set domain adaptation. Particularly, in open set domain adaptation, we allow the classes from the source and target domains to be partially overlapped. In this case, the assumption of conventional distribution alignment does not hold anymore, due to the different label spaces in two domains. To tackle this challenge, we propose a new approach coined as Known-class Aware Self-Ensemble (KASE), which is built upon the recently developed self-ensemble model. In KASE, we first introduce a Known-class Aware Recognition (KAR) module to identify the known and unknown classes from the target domain, which is achieved by encouraging a low cross-entropy for known classes and a high entropy based on the source data from the unknown class. Then, we develop a Known-class Aware Adaptation (KAA) module to better adapt from the source domain to the target by reweighing the adaptation loss based on the likeliness to belong to known classes of unlabeled target samples as predicted by KAR. Extensive experiments on multiple benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. 
### 17.Semantic Segmentation of Video Sequences with Convolutional LSTMs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01058.pdf)
>  Most of the semantic segmentation approaches have been developed for single image segmentation, and hence, video sequences are currently segmented by processing each frame of the video sequence separately. The disadvantage of this is that temporal image information is not considered, which improves the performance of the segmentation approach. One possibility to include temporal information is to use recurrent neural networks. However, there are only a few approaches using recurrent networks for video segmentation so far. These approaches extend the encoder-decoder network architecture of well-known segmentation approaches and place convolutional LSTM layers between encoder and decoder. However, in this paper it is shown that this position is not optimal, and that other positions in the network exhibit better performance. Nowadays, state-of-the-art segmentation approaches rarely use the classical encoder-decoder structure, but use multi-branch architectures. These architectures are more complex, and hence, it is more difficult to place the recurrent units at a proper position. In this work, the multi-branch architectures are extended by convolutional LSTM layers at different positions and evaluated on two different datasets in order to find the best one. It turned out that the proposed approach outperforms the pure CNN-based approach for up to 1.6 percent. 
### 18.Lifting 2d Human Pose to 3d : A Weakly Supervised Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01047.pdf)
>  Estimating 3d human pose from monocular images is a challenging problem due to the variety and complexity of human poses and the inherent ambiguity in recovering depth from the single view. Recent deep learning based methods show promising results by using supervised learning on 3d pose annotated datasets. However, the lack of large-scale 3d annotated training data captured under in-the-wild settings makes the 3d pose estimation difficult for in-the-wild poses. Few approaches have utilized training images from both 3d and 2d pose datasets in a weakly-supervised manner for learning 3d poses in unconstrained settings. In this paper, we propose a method which can effectively predict 3d human pose from 2d pose using a deep neural network trained in a weakly-supervised manner on a combination of ground-truth 3d pose and ground-truth 2d pose. Our method uses re-projection error minimization as a constraint to predict the 3d locations of body joints, and this is crucial for training on data where the 3d ground-truth is not present. Since minimizing re-projection error alone may not guarantee an accurate 3d pose, we also use additional geometric constraints on skeleton pose to regularize the pose in 3d. We demonstrate the superior generalization ability of our method by cross-dataset validation on a challenging 3d benchmark dataset MPI-INF-3DHP containing in the wild 3d poses. 
### 19.PFA-ScanNet: Pyramidal Feature Aggregation with Synergistic Learning for Breast Cancer Metastasis Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01040.pdf)
>  Automatic detection of cancer metastasis from whole slide images (WSIs) is a crucial step for following patient staging as well as prognosis. However, recent convolutional neural network (CNN) based approaches are struggling with the trade-off between accuracy and computation cost due to the difficulty in processing large-scale gigapixel images. To address this challenge, we propose a novel deep neural network, namely Pyramidal Feature Aggregation ScanNet (PFA-ScanNet) with pyramidal feature aggregation in both top-down and bottom-up paths. The discrimination capability of our detector is increased by leveraging the merit of contextual and spatial information from multi-scale features with larger receptive fields and less parameters. We also develop an extra decoder branch to synergistically learn the semantic information along with the detector, significantly improving the performance in recognizing the metastasis. Furthermore, a high-efficiency inference mechanism is designed with dense pooling layers, which allows dense and fast scanning for gigapixel WSI analysis. Our approach achieved the state-of-the-art FROC score of 89.1% on the Camelyon16 dataset, as well as competitive kappa score of 0.905 on the Camelyon17 leaderboard. In addition, our proposed method shows leading speed advantage over the state-of-the-art methods, which makes automatic analysis of breast cancer metastasis more applicable in the clinical usage. 
### 20.Real-time and robust multiple-view gender classification using gait features in video surveillance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01013.pdf)
>  It is common to view people in real applications walking in arbitrary directions, holding items, or wearing heavy coats. These factors are challenges in gait-based application methods because they significantly change a person's appearance. This paper proposes a novel method for classifying human gender in real time using gait information. The use of an average gait image (AGI), rather than a gait energy image (GEI), allows this method to be computationally efficient and robust against view changes. A viewpoint (VP) model is created for automatically determining the viewing angle during the testing phase. A distance signal (DS) model is constructed to remove any areas with an attachment (carried items, worn coats) from a silhouette to reduce the interference in the resulting classification. Finally, the human gender is classified using multiple view-dependent classifiers trained using a support vector machine. Experiment results confirm that the proposed method achieves a high accuracy of 98.8% on the CASIA Dataset B and outperforms the recent state-of-the-art methods. 
### 21.Blind Deconvolution Method using Omnidirectional Gabor Filter-based Edge Information  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01003.pdf)
>  In the previous blind deconvolution methods, de-blurred images can be obtained by using the edge or pixel information. However, the existing edge-based methods did not take advantage of edge information in ommi-directions, but only used horizontal and vertical edges when recovering the de-blurred images. This limitation lowers the quality of the recovered images. This paper proposes a method which utilizes edges in different directions to recover the true sharp image. We also provide a statistical table score to show how many directions are enough to recover a high quality true sharp image. In order to grade the quality of the deblurring image, we introduce a measurement, namely Haar defocus score that takes advantage of the Haar-Wavelet transform. The experimental results prove that the proposed method obtains a high quality deblurred image with respect to both the Haar defocus score and the Peak Signal to Noise Ratio. 
### 22.Anti-Confusing: Region-Aware Network for Human Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00996.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel framework named Region-Aware Network (RANet) to achieve anti-confusing, including heavy occlusion, nearby person and symmetric appearance, for human pose estimation. Specifically, our proposed method addresses three key aspects for human pose estimation, i.e., data augmentation, feature learning and prediction fusion. First, we propose Parsing-based Data Augmentation (PDA) to generate abundant data with confusing textures. Second, we not only propose a Feature Pyramid Stem (FPS) module to learn better low-level features in lower stage; but also incorporate an Effective Region Extraction (ERE) module to investigate better human body-specific features. Third, we introduce Cascade Voting Fusion (CVS) to explicitly leverage the visibility to exclude the deflected predictions and achieve final accurate pose estimation. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method against the state of the arts with significant improvements on two popular benchmark datasets, including MPII and LSP. 
### 23.Remote measurement of sea ice dynamics with regularized optimal transport  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00989.pdf)
>  As Arctic conditions rapidly change, human activity in the Arctic will continue to increase and so will the need for high-resolution observations of sea ice. While satellite imagery can provide high spatial resolution, it is temporally sparse and significant ice deformation can occur between observations. This makes it difficult to apply feature tracking or image correlation techniques that require persistent features to exist between images. With this in mind, we propose a technique based on optimal transport, which is commonly used to measure differences between probability distributions. When little ice enters or leaves the image scene, we show that regularized optimal transport can be used to quantitatively estimate ice deformation. We discuss the motivation for our approach and describe efficient computational implementations. Results are provided on a combination of synthetic and MODIS imagery to demonstrate the ability of our approach to estimate dynamics properties at the original image resolution. 
### 24.Improving Visual Relation Detection using Depth Maps  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00966.pdf)
>  State of the art visual relation detection methods have been relying on features extracted from RGB images including objects' 2D positions. In this paper, we argue that the 3D positions of objects in space can provide additional valuable information about object relations. This information helps not only to detect spatial relations, such as "standing behind", but also non-spatial relations, such as "holding". Since 3D information of a scene is not easily accessible, we propose incorporating a pre-trained RGB-to-Depth model within visual relation detection frameworks. We discuss different feature extraction strategies from depth maps and show their critical role in relation detection. Our experiments confirm that the performance of state-of-the-art visual relation detection approaches can significantly be improved by utilizing depth map information. 
### 25.Visualizing Deep Networks by Optimizing with Integrated Gradients  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00954.pdf)
>  Understanding and interpreting the decisions made by deep learning models is valuable in many domains. In computer vision, computing heatmaps from a deep network is a popular approach for visualizing and understanding deep networks. However, heatmaps that do not correlate with the network may mislead human, hence the performance of heatmaps in providing a faithful explanation to the underlying deep network is crucial. In this paper, we propose I-GOS, which optimizes for a heatmap so that the classification scores on the masked image would maximally decrease. The main novelty of the approach is to compute descent directions based on the integrated gradients instead of the normal gradient, which avoids local optima and speeds up convergence. Compared with previous approaches, our method can flexibly compute heatmaps at any resolution for different user needs. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets show that the heatmaps produced by our approach are more correlated with the decision of the underlying deep network, in comparison with other state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 26.Omni-Scale Feature Learning for Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00953.pdf)
>  As an instance-level recognition problem, person re-identification (ReID) relies on discriminative features, which not only capture different spatial scales but also encapsulate an arbitrary combination of multiple scales. We call these features of both homogeneous and heterogeneous scales omni-scale features. In this paper, a novel deep CNN is designed, termed Omni-Scale Network (OSNet), for omni-scale feature learning in ReID. This is achieved by designing a residual block composed of multiple convolutional feature streams, each detecting features at a certain scale. Importantly, a novel unified aggregation gate is introduced to dynamically fuse multi-scale features with input-dependent channel-wise weights. To efficiently learn spatial-channel correlations and avoid overfitting, the building block uses both pointwise and depthwise convolutions. By stacking such blocks layer-by-layer, our OSNet is extremely lightweight and can be trained from scratch on existing ReID benchmarks. Despite its small model size, our OSNet achieves state-of-the-art performance on six person-ReID datasets. 
### 27.Enhanced free space detection in multiple lanes based on single CNN with scene identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00941.pdf)
>  Many systems for autonomous vehicles' navigation rely on lane detection. Traditional algorithms usually estimate only the position of the lanes on the road, but an autonomous control system may also need to know if a lane marking can be crossed or not, and what portion of space inside the lane is free from obstacles, to make safer control decisions. On the other hand, free space detection algorithms only detect navigable areas, without information about lanes. State-of-the-art algorithms use CNNs for both tasks, with significant consumption of computing resources. We propose a novel approach that estimates the free space inside each lane, with a single CNN. Additionally, adding only a small requirement concerning GPU RAM, we infer the road type, that will be useful for path planning. To achieve this result, we train a multi-task CNN. Then, we further elaborate the output of the network, to extract polygons that can be effectively used in navigation control. Finally, we provide a computationally efficient implementation, based on ROS, that can be executed in real time. Our code and trained models are available online. 
### 28.Deconstructing Lottery Tickets: Zeros, Signs, and the Supermask  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01067.pdf)
>  The recent "Lottery Ticket Hypothesis" paper by Frankle &amp; Carbin showed that a simple approach to creating sparse networks (keep the large weights) results in models that are trainable from scratch, but only when starting from the same initial weights. The performance of these networks often exceeds the performance of the non-sparse base model, but for reasons that were not well understood. In this paper we study the three critical components of the Lottery Ticket (LT) algorithm, showing that each may be varied significantly without impacting the overall results. Ablating these factors leads to new insights for why LT networks perform as well as they do. We show why setting weights to zero is important, how signs are all you need to make the re-initialized network train, and why masking behaves like training. Finally, we discover the existence of Supermasks, or masks that can be applied to an untrained, randomly initialized network to produce a model with performance far better than chance (86% on MNIST, 41% on CIFAR-10). 
### 29.Learned Quality Enhancement via Multi-Frame Priors for HEVC Compliant Low-Delay Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01025.pdf)
>  Networked video applications, e.g., video conferencing, often suffer from poor visual quality due to unexpected network fluctuation and limited bandwidth. In this paper, we have developed a Quality Enhancement Network (QENet) to reduce the video compression artifacts, leveraging the spatial and temporal priors generated by respective multi-scale convolutions spatially and warped temporal predictions in a recurrent fashion temporally. We have integrated this QENet as a standard-alone post-processing subsystem to the High Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC) compliant decoder. Experimental results show that our QENet demonstrates the state-of-the-art performance against default in-loop filters in HEVC and other deep learning based methods with noticeable objective gains in Peak-Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR) and subjective gains visually. 
### 30.A Splitting-Based Iterative Algorithm for GPU-Accelerated Statistical Dual-Energy X-Ray CT Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00934.pdf)
>  When dealing with material classification in baggage at airports, Dual-Energy Computed Tomography (DECT) allows characterization of any given material with coefficients based on two attenuative effects: Compton scattering and photoelectric absorption. However, straightforward projection-domain decomposition methods for this characterization often yield poor reconstructions due to the high dynamic range of material properties encountered in an actual luggage scan. Hence, for better reconstruction quality under a timing constraint, we propose a splitting-based, GPU-accelerated, statistical DECT reconstruction algorithm. Compared to prior art, our main contribution lies in the significant acceleration made possible by separating reconstruction and decomposition within an ADMM framework. Experimental results, on both synthetic and real-world baggage phantoms, demonstrate a significant reduction in time required for convergence. 
### 31.Joint High Dynamic Range Imaging and Super-Resolution from a Single Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00933.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new framework for jointly enhancing the resolution and the dynamic range of an image, i.e., simultaneous super-resolution (SR) and high dynamic range imaging (HDRI), based on a convolutional neural network (CNN). From the common trends of both tasks, we train a CNN for the joint HDRI and SR by focusing on the reconstruction of high-frequency details. Specifically, the high-frequency component in our work is the reflectance component according to the Retinex-based image decomposition, and only the reflectance component is manipulated by the CNN while another component (illumination) is processed in a conventional way. In training the CNN, we devise an appropriate loss function that contributes to the naturalness quality of resulting images. Experiments show that our algorithm outperforms the cascade implementation of CNN-based SR and HDRI. 
