# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 17 May 2019
### 1.Monocular Plan View Networks for Autonomous Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06937.pdf)
>  Convolutions on monocular dash cam videos capture spatial invariances in the image plane but do not explicitly reason about distances and depth. We propose a simple transformation of observations into a bird's eye view, also known as plan view, for end-to-end control. We detect vehicles and pedestrians in the first person view and project them into an overhead plan view. This representation provides an abstraction of the environment from which a deep network can easily deduce the positions and directions of entities. Additionally, the plan view enables us to leverage advances in 3D object detection in conjunction with deep policy learning. We evaluate our monocular plan view network on the photo-realistic Grand Theft Auto V simulator. A network using both a plan view and front view causes less than half as many collisions as previous detection-based methods and an order of magnitude fewer collisions than pure pixel-based policies. 
### 2.Derived Codebooks for High-Accuracy Nearest Neighbor Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06900.pdf)
>  High-dimensional Nearest Neighbor (NN) search is central in multimedia search systems. Product Quantization (PQ) is a widespread NN search technique which has a high performance and good scalability. PQ compresses high-dimensional vectors into compact codes thanks to a combination of quantizers. Large databases can, therefore, be stored entirely in RAM, enabling fast responses to NN queries. In almost all cases, PQ uses 8-bit quantizers as they offer low response times. In this paper, we advocate the use of 16-bit quantizers. Compared to 8-bit quantizers, 16-bit quantizers boost accuracy but they increase response time by a factor of 3 to 10. We propose a novel approach that allows 16-bit quantizers to offer the same response time as 8-bit quantizers, while still providing a boost of accuracy. Our approach builds on two key ideas: (i) the construction of derived codebooks that allow a fast and approximate distance evaluation, and (ii) a two-pass NN search procedure which builds a candidate set using the derived codebooks, and then refines it using 16-bit quantizers. On 1 billion SIFT vectors, with an inverted index, our approach offers a Recall@100 of 0.85 in 5.2 ms. By contrast, 16-bit quantizers alone offer a Recall@100 of 0.85 in 39 ms, and 8-bit quantizers a Recall@100 of 0.82 in 3.8 ms. 
### 3.Dealing with Label Scarcity in Computational Pathology: A Use Case in Prostate Cancer Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06820.pdf)
>  Large amounts of unlabelled data are commonplace for many applications in computational pathology, whereas labelled data is often expensive, both in time and cost, to acquire. We investigate the performance of unsupervised and supervised deep learning methods when few labelled data are available. Three methods are compared: clustering autoencoder latent vectors (unsupervised), a single layer classifier combined with a pre-trained autoencoder (semi-supervised), and a supervised CNN. We apply these methods on hematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E) stained prostatectomy images to classify tumour versus non-tumour tissue. Results show that semi-/unsupervised methods have an advantage over supervised learning when few labels are available. Additionally, we show that incorporating immunohistochemistry (IHC) stained data provides an increase in performance over only using H&amp;E. 
### 4.Learning to Regress 3D Face Shape and Expression from an Image without 3D Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06817.pdf)
>  The estimation of 3D face shape from a single image must be robust to variations in lighting, head pose, expression, facial hair, makeup, and occlusions. Robustness requires a large training set of in-the-wild images, which by construction, lack ground truth 3D shape. To train a network without any 2D-to-3D supervision, we present RingNet, which learns to compute 3D face shape from a single image. Our key observation is that an individual's face shape is constant across images, regardless of expression, pose, lighting, etc. RingNet leverages multiple images of a person and automatically detected 2D face features. It uses a novel loss that encourages the face shape to be similar when the identity is the same and different for different people. We achieve invariance to expression by representing the face using the FLAME model. Once trained, our method takes a single image and outputs the parameters of FLAME, which can be readily animated. Additionally we create a new database of faces `not quite in-the-wild' (NoW) with 3D head scans and high-resolution images of the subjects in a wide variety of conditions. We evaluate publicly available methods and find that RingNet is more accurate than methods that use 3D supervision. The dataset, model, and results are available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://ringnet.is.tuebingen.mpg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 5.Leverage eye-movement data for saliency modeling: Invariance Analysis and a Robust New Model  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06803.pdf)
>  Data size is the bottleneck for developing deep saliency models, because collecting eye-movement data is very time consuming and expensive. Most of current studies on human attention and saliency modeling have used high quality stereotype stimuli. In real world, however, captured images undergo various types of transformations. Can we use these transformations to augment existing saliency datasets? Here, we first create a novel saliency dataset including fixations of 10 observers over 1900 images degraded by 19 types of transformations. Second, by analyzing eye movements, we find that observers look at different locations over transformed versus original images. Third, we utilize the new data over transformed images, called data augmentation transformation (DAT), to train deep saliency models. We find that label preserving DATs with negligible impact on human gaze boost saliency prediction, whereas some other DATs that severely impact human gaze degrade the performance. These label preserving valid augmentation transformations provide a solution to enlarge existing saliency datasets. Finally, we introduce a novel saliency model based on generative adversarial network (dubbed GazeGAN). A modified UNet is proposed as the generator of the GazeGAN, which combines classic skip connections with a novel center-surround connection (CSC), in order to leverage multi level features. We also propose a histogram loss based on Alternative Chi Square Distance (ACS HistLoss) to refine the saliency map in terms of luminance distribution. Extensive experiments and comparisons over 3 datasets indicate that GazeGAN achieves the best performance in terms of popular saliency evaluation metrics, and is more robust to various perturbations. Our code and data are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CZHQuality/Sal-CFS-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 6.Harvesting Information from Captions for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06784.pdf)
>  Since acquiring pixel-wise annotations for training convolutional neural networks for semantic image segmentation is time-consuming, weakly supervised approaches that only require class tags have been proposed. In this work, we propose another form of supervision, namely image captions as they can be found on the Internet. These captions have two advantages. They do not require additional curation as it is the case for the clean class tags used by current weakly supervised approaches and they provide textual context for the classes present in an image. To leverage such textual context, we deploy a multi-modal network that learns a joint embedding of the visual representation of the image and the textual representation of the caption. The network estimates text activation maps (TAMs) for class names as well as compound concepts, i.e. combinations of nouns and their attributes. The TAMs of compound concepts describing classes of interest substantially improve the quality of the estimated class activation maps which are then used to train a network for semantic segmentation. We evaluate our method on the COCO dataset where it achieves state of the art results for weakly supervised image segmentation. 
### 7.Richlt Activated Graph Convolutional Network for Action Recognition with Incomplete Skeletons  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06774.pdf)
>  Current methods for skeleton-based human action recognition usually work with completely observed skeletons. However, in real scenarios, it is prone to capture incomplete and noisy skeletons, which will deteriorate the performance of traditional models. To enhance the robustness of action recognition models to incomplete skeletons, we propose a multi-stream graph convolutional network (GCN) for exploring sufficient discriminative features distributed over all skeleton joints. Here, each stream of the network is only responsible for learning features from currently unactivated joints, which are distinguished by the class activation maps (CAM) obtained by preceding streams, so that the activated joints of the proposed method are obviously more than traditional methods. Thus, the proposed method is termed richly activated GCN (RA-GCN), where the richly discovered features will improve the robustness of the model. Compared to the state-of-the-art methods, the RA-GCN achieves comparable performance on the NTU RGB+D dataset. Moreover, on a synthetic occlusion dataset, the performance deterioration can be alleviated by the RA-GCN significantly. 
### 8.Learning Visually Consistent Label Embeddings for Zero-Shot Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06764.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a zero-shot learning method to effectively model knowledge transfer between classes via jointly learning visually consistent word vectors and label embedding model in an end-to-end manner. The main idea is to project the vector space word vectors of attributes and classes into the visual space such that word representations of semantically related classes become more closer, and use the projected vectors in the proposed embedding model to identify unseen classes. We evaluate the proposed approach on two benchmark datasets and the experimental results show that our method yields significant improvements in recognition accuracy. 
### 9.Stroke extraction for offline handwritten mathematical expression recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06749.pdf)
>  Offline handwritten mathematical expression recognition is often considered much harder than its online counterpart due to the absence of temporal information and the presence of background noise. In order to take advantage of the more developed techniques on online recognition and save resources, an oversegmentation approach is proposed to recover strokes from a textual bitmap image automatically. The proposed algorithm first break down the skeleton of a binarized image into junctions and segments, then segments are merged to form strokes, finally the ordering is determined by recursive projection and topological sort. Given a state-of-art online handwritten mathematical expression recognition system, the proposed procedure correctly recognized 58.22%, 65.65% and 65.05% of the offline formulas rendered from CROHME 2014, 2016 and 2019 respectively. Therefore, the effectiveness of stroke extraction to offline recognition is justified. 
### 10.Inductive Guided Filter: Real-time Deep Image Matting with Weakly Annotated Masks on Mobile Devices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06747.pdf)
>  Recently, significant progress has been achieved in deep image matting. Most of the classical image matting methods are time-consuming and require an ideal trimap which is difficult to attain in practice. A high efficient image matting method based on a weakly annotated mask is in demand for mobile applications. In this paper, we propose a novel method based on Deep Learning and Guided Filter, called Inductive Guided Filter, which can tackle the real-time general image matting task on mobile devices. We design a lightweight hourglass network to parameterize the original Guided Filter method that takes an image and a weakly annotated mask as input. Further, the use of Gabor loss is proposed for training networks for complicated textures in image matting. Moreover, we create an image matting dataset MAT-2793 with a variety of foreground objects. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method massively reduces running time with robust accuracy. 
### 11.RGB-T Image Saliency Detection via Collaborative Graph Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06741.pdf)
>  Image saliency detection is an active research topic in the community of computer vision and multimedia. Fusing complementary RGB and thermal infrared data has been proven to be effective for image saliency detection. In this paper, we propose an effective approach for RGB-T image saliency detection. Our approach relies on a novel collaborative graph learning algorithm. In particular, we take superpixels as graph nodes, and collaboratively use hierarchical deep features to jointly learn graph affinity and node saliency in a unified optimization framework. Moreover, we contribute a more challenging dataset for the purpose of RGB-T image saliency detection, which contains 1000 spatially aligned RGB-T image pairs and their ground truth annotations. Extensive experiments on the public dataset and the newly created dataset suggest that the proposed approach performs favorably against the state-of-the-art RGB-T saliency detection methods. 
### 12.Uneven illumination surface defects inspection based on convolutional neural network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06683.pdf)
>  Surface defect inspection based on machine vision is often affected by uneven illumination. In order to improve the inspection rate of surface defects inspection under uneven illumination condition, this paper proposes a method for detecting surface image defects based on convolutional neural network, which is based on the adjustment of convolutional neural networks, training parameters, changing the structure of the network, to achieve the purpose of accurately identifying various defects. Experimental on defect inspection of copper strip and steel images shows that the convolutional neural network can automatically learn features without preprocessing the image, and correct identification of various types of image defects affected by uneven illumination, thus overcoming the drawbacks of traditional machine vision inspection methods under uneven illumination. 
### 13.One-Shot Texture Retrieval with Global Context Metric  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06656.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle one-shot texture retrieval: given an example of a new reference texture, detect and segment all the pixels of the same texture category within an arbitrary image. To address this problem, we present an OS-TR network to encode both reference and query image, leading to achieve texture segmentation towards the reference category. Unlike the existing texture encoding methods that integrate CNN with orderless pooling, we propose a directionality-aware module to capture the texture variations at each direction, resulting in spatially invariant representation. To segment new categories given only few examples, we incorporate a self-gating mechanism into relation network to exploit global context information for adjusting per-channel modulation weights of local relation features. Extensive experiments on benchmark texture datasets and real scenarios demonstrate the above-par segmentation performance and robust generalization across domains of our proposed method. 
### 14.Robust Real-time Pedestrian Detection in Aerial Imagery on Jetson TX2  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06653.pdf)
>  Detection of pedestrians in aerial imagery captured by drones has many applications including intersection monitoring, patrolling, and surveillance, to name a few. However, the problem is involved due to continuouslychanging camera viewpoint and object appearance as well as the need for lightweight algorithms to run on on-board embedded systems. To address this issue, the paper proposes a framework for pedestrian detection in videos based on the YOLO object detection network [6] while having a high throughput of more than 5 FPS on the Jetson TX2 embedded board. The framework exploits deep learning for robust operation and uses a pre-trained model without the need for any additional training which makes it flexible to apply on different setups with minimum amount of tuning. The method achieves ~81 mAP when applied on a sample video from the Embedded Real-Time Inference (ERTI) Challenge where pedestrians are monitored by a UAV. 
### 15.Remove Cosine Window from Correlation Filter-based Visual Trackers: When and How  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06648.pdf)
>  Correlation filters (CFs) have been continuously advancing the state-of-the-art tracking performance and have been extensively studied in the recent few years. Most of the existing CF trackers adopt a cosine window to spatially reweight base image to alleviate boundary discontinuity. However, cosine window emphasizes more on the central region of base image and has the risk of contaminating negative training samples during model learning. On the other hand, spatial regularization deployed in many recent CF trackers plays a similar role as cosine window by enforcing spatial penalty on CF coefficients. Therefore, we in this paper investigate the feasibility to remove cosine window from CF trackers with spatial regularization. When simply removing cosine window, CF with spatial regularization still suffers from small degree of boundary discontinuity. To tackle this issue, binary and Gaussian shaped mask functions are further introduced for eliminating boundary discontinuity while reweighting the estimation error of each training sample, and can be incorporated with multiple CF trackers with spatial regularization. In comparison to the counterparts with cosine window, our methods are effective in handling boundary discontinuity and sample contamination, thereby benefiting tracking performance. Extensive experiments on three benchmarks show that our methods perform favorably against the state-of-the-art trackers using either handcrafted or deep CNN features. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lifeng9472/Removing_cosine_window_from_CF_trackers" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 16.Quality-based Pulse Estimation from NIR Face Video with Application to Driver Monitoring  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06568.pdf)
>  In this paper we develop a robust for heart rate (HR) estimation method using face video for challenging scenarios with high variability sources such as head movement, illumination changes, vibration, blur, etc. Our method employs a quality measure Q to extract a remote Plethysmography (rPPG) signal as clean as possible from a specific face video segment. Our main motivation is developing robust technology for driver monitoring. Therefore, for our experiments we use a self-collected dataset consisting of Near Infrared (NIR) videos acquired with a camera mounted in the dashboard of a real moving car. We compare the performance of a classic rPPG algorithm, and the performance of the same method, but using Q for selecting which video segments present a lower amount of variability. Our results show that using the video segments with the highest quality in a realistic driving setup improves the HR estimation with a relative accuracy improvement larger than 20%. 
### 17.Deep Reference Generation with Multi-Domain Hierarchical Constraints for Inter Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06567.pdf)
>  Inter prediction is an important module in video coding for temporal redundancy removal, where similar reference blocks are searched from previously coded frames and employed to predict the block to be coded. Although traditional video codecs can estimate and compensate for block-level motions, their inter prediction performance is still heavily affected by the remaining inconsistent pixel-wise displacement caused by irregular rotation and deformation. In this paper, we address the problem by proposing a deep frame interpolation network to generate additional reference frames in coding scenarios. First, we summarize the previous adaptive convolutions used for frame interpolation and propose a factorized kernel convolutional network to improve the modeling capacity and simultaneously keep its compact form. Second, to better train this network, multi-domain hierarchical constraints are introduced to regularize the training of our factorized kernel convolutional network. For spatial domain, we use a gradually down-sampled and up-sampled auto-encoder to generate the factorized kernels for frame interpolation at different scales. For quality domain, considering the inconsistent quality of the input frames, the factorized kernel convolution is modulated with quality-related features to learn to exploit more information from high quality frames. For frequency domain, a sum of absolute transformed difference loss that performs frequency transformation is utilized to facilitate network optimization from the view of coding performance. With the well-designed frame interpolation network regularized by multi-domain hierarchical constraints, our method surpasses HEVC on average 6.1% BD-rate saving and up to 11.0% BD-rate saving for the luma component under the random access configuration. 
### 18.A Non-Intrusive Method of Face Liveness Detection Using Specular Reflection and Local Binary Patterns  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06540.pdf)
>  With the advent of ubiquitous facial recognition technology in our everyday life, face spoofing presents a serious threat to the reliability of the security of the system. A spoofing attack occurs when a person tries to impersonate another personś biometric traits in order to circumvent the biometric security of the system. We have seen a lot of work being done to create systems, both intrusive and nonintrusive, to tackle the ingenious ways in which spoofing attacks try to bypass the biometric authorization systems but at the cost of computation or robustness. In this paper, we propose a robust, computationally swift and non-intrusive method to detect face spoofing attacks consisting of recaptured photographs of faces using Local Binary Patterns(LBP) and Specular Reflection. We consider the application as a binary classification problem and make use of Support Vector Machine(SVM) classifier to classify the photograph into real or fake. Experimental analysis shows competitive results of our method on publicly available datasets when compared to other works. 
### 19.FH-GAN: Face Hallucination and Recognition using Generative Adversarial Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06537.pdf)
>  There are many factors affecting visual face recognition, such as low resolution images, aging, illumination and pose variance, etc. One of the most important problem is low resolution face images which can result in bad performance on face recognition. Most of the general face recognition algorithms usually assume a sufficient resolution for the face images. However, in practice many applications often do not have sufficient image resolutions. The modern face hallucination models demonstrate reasonable performance to reconstruct high-resolution images from its corresponding low resolution images. However, they do not consider identity level information during hallucination which directly affects results of the recognition of low resolution faces. To address this issue, we propose a Face Hallucination Generative Adversarial Network (FH-GAN) which improves the quality of low resolution face images and accurately recognize those low quality images. Concretely, we make the following contributions: 1) we propose FH-GAN network, an end-to-end system, that improves both face hallucination and face recognition simultaneously. The novelty of this proposed network depends on incorporating identity information in a GAN-based face hallucination algorithm via combining a face recognition network for identity preserving. 2) We also propose a new face hallucination network, namely Dense Sparse Network (DSNet), which improves upon the state-of-art in face hallucination. 3) We demonstrate benefits of training the face recognition and GAN-based DSNet jointly by reporting good result on face hallucination and recognition. 
### 20.ReshapeGAN: Object Reshaping by Providing A Single Reference Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06514.pdf)
>  The aim of this work is learning to reshape the object in an input image to an arbitrary new shape, by just simply providing a single reference image with an object instance in the desired shape. We propose a new Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) architecture for such an object reshaping problem, named ReshapeGAN. The network can be tailored for handling all kinds of problem settings, including both within-domain (or single-dataset) reshaping and cross-domain (typically across mutiple datasets) reshaping, with paired or unpaired training data. The appearance of the input object is preserved in all cases, and thus it is still identifiable after reshaping, which has never been achieved as far as we are aware. We present the tailored models of the proposed ReshapeGAN for all the problem settings, and have them tested on 8 kinds of reshaping tasks with 13 different datasets, demonstrating the ability of ReshapeGAN on generating convincing and superior results for object reshaping. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to be able to make one GAN framework work on all such object reshaping tasks, especially the cross-domain tasks on handling multiple diverse datasets. We present here both ablation studies on our proposed ReshapeGAN models and comparisons with the state-of-the-art models when they are made comparable, using all kinds of applicable metrics that we are aware of. 
### 21.TRk-CNN: Transferable Ranking-CNN for image classification of glaucoma, glaucoma suspect, and normal eyes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06509.pdf)
>  In this paper, we proposed Transferable Ranking Convolutional Neural Network (TRk-CNN) that can be effectively applied when the classes of images to be classified show a high correlation with each other. The multi-class classification method based on the softmax function, which is generally used, is not effective in this case because the inter-class relationship is ignored. Although there is a Ranking-CNN that takes into account the ordinal classes, it cannot reflect the inter-class relationship to the final prediction. TRk-CNN, on the other hand, combines the weights of the primitive classification model to reflect the inter-class information to the final classification phase. We evaluated TRk-CNN in glaucoma image dataset that was labeled into three classes: normal, glaucoma suspect, and glaucoma eyes. Based on the literature we surveyed, this study is the first to classify three status of glaucoma fundus image dataset into three different classes. We compared the evaluation results of TRk-CNN with Ranking-CNN (Rk-CNN) and multi-class CNN (MC-CNN) using the DenseNet as the backbone CNN model. As a result, TRk-CNN achieved an average accuracy of 92.96%, specificity of 93.33%, sensitivity for glaucoma suspect of 95.12% and sensitivity for glaucoma of 93.98%. Based on average accuracy, TRk-CNN is 8.04% and 9.54% higher than Rk-CNN and MC-CNN and surprisingly 26.83% higher for sensitivity for suspicious than multi-class CNN. Our TRk-CNN is expected to be effectively applied to the medical image classification problem where the disease state is continuous and increases in the positive class direction. 
### 22.Learning Robust 3D Face Reconstruction and Discriminative Identity Representation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06505.pdf)
>  3D face reconstruction from a single 2D image is a very important topic in computer vision. However, the current reconstruction methods are usually non-sensitive to face identities and over-sensitive to facial poses, which may result in similar 3D geometries for faces of different identities, or obtain different shapes for the same identity with different poses. When such methods are applied practically, their 3D estimates are either changeable for different photos of the same subject or over-regularized and generic to distinguish face identities. In this paper, we propose a robust solution to solve this problem by carefully designing a novel Siamese Convolutional Neural Network (SCNN). Specifically, regarding the 3D Morphable face Model (3DMM) parameters of the same individual as the same class, we employ the contrastive loss to enlarge the inter-class distance and meanwhile reduce the intra-class distance for the output 3DMM parameters. We also propose an identity loss to preserve the identity information for the same individual in the feature space. Training with these two losses, our SCNN could learn representations that are more discriminative for face identity and generalizable for pose variants. Experiments on the challenging database 300W-LP and AFLW2000-3D have shown the effectiveness of our method by comparing with state-of-the-arts. 
### 23.Bimodal Stereo: Joint Shape and Pose Estimation from Color-Depth Image Pair  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06499.pdf)
>  Mutual calibration between color and depth cameras is a challenging topic in multi-modal data registration. In this paper, we are confronted with a "Bimodal Stereo" problem, which aims to solve camera pose from a pair of an uncalibrated color image and a depth map from different views automatically. To address this problem, an iterative Shape-from-Shading (SfS) based framework is proposed to estimate shape and pose simultaneously. In the pipeline, the estimated shape is refined by the shape prior from the given depth map under the estimated pose. Meanwhile, the estimated pose is improved by the registration of estimated shape and shape from given depth map. We also introduce a shading based refinement in the pipeline to address noisy depth map with holes. Extensive experiments showed that through our method, both the depth map, the recovered shape as well as its pose can be desirably refined and recovered. 
### 24.Investigating Channel Pruning through Structural Redundancy Reduction - A Statistical Study  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06498.pdf)
>  Most existing channel pruning methods formulate the pruning task from a perspective of inefficiency reduction which iteratively rank and remove the least important filters, or find the set of filters that minimizes some reconstruction errors after pruning. In this work, we investigate the channel pruning from a new perspective with statistical modeling. We hypothesize that the number of filters at a certain layer reflects the level of 'redundancy' in that layer and thus formulate the pruning problem from the aspect of redundancy reduction. Based on both theoretic analysis and empirical studies, we make an important discovery: randomly pruning filters from layers of high redundancy outperforms pruning the least important filters across all layers based on the state-of-the-art ranking criterion. These results advance our understanding of pruning and further testify to the recent findings that the structure of the pruned model plays a key role in the network efficiency as compared to inherited weights. 
### 25.Semi-supervised learning based on generative adversarial network: a comparison between good GAN and bad GAN approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06484.pdf)
>  Recently, semi-supervised learning methods based on generative adversarial networks (GANs) have received much attention. Among them, two distinct approaches have achieved competitive results on a variety of benchmark datasets. Bad GAN learns a classifier with unrealistic samples distributed on the complement of the support of the input data. Conversely, Triple GAN consists of a three-player game that tries to leverage good generated samples to boost classification results. In this paper, we perform a comprehensive comparison of these two approaches on different benchmark datasets. We demonstrate their different properties on image generation, and sensitivity to the amount of labeled data provided. By comprehensively comparing these two methods, we hope to shed light on the future of GAN-based semi-supervised learning. 
### 26.Relaxed 2-D Principal Component Analysis by $L_p$ Norm for Face Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06458.pdf)
>  A relaxed two dimensional principal component analysis (R2DPCA) approach is proposed for face recognition. Different to the 2DPCA, 2DPCA-$L_1$ and G2DPCA, the R2DPCA utilizes the label information (if known) of training samples to calculate a relaxation vector and presents a weight to each subset of training data. A new relaxed scatter matrix is defined and the computed projection axes are able to increase the accuracy of face recognition. The optimal $L_p$-norms are selected in a reasonable range. Numerical experiments on practical face databased indicate that the R2DPCA has high generalization ability and can achieve a higher recognition rate than state-of-the-art methods. 
### 27.Fluorescence Image Histology Pattern Transformation using Image Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06442.pdf)
>  Confocal laser endomicroscopy (CLE) allow on-the-fly in vivo intraoperative imaging in a discreet field of view, especially for brain tumors, rather than extracting tissue for examination ex vivo with conventional light microscopy. Fluorescein sodium-driven CLE imaging is more interactive, rapid, and portable than conventional hematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E)-staining. However, it has several limitations: CLE images may be contaminated with artifacts (motion, red blood cells, noise), and neuropathologists are mainly trained on colorful stained histology slides like H&amp;E while the CLE images are gray. To improve the diagnostic quality of CLE, we used a micrograph of an H&amp;E slide from a glioma tumor biopsy and image style transfer, a neural network method for integrating the content and style of two images. This was done through minimizing the deviation of the target image from both the content (CLE) and style (H&amp;E) images. The style transferred images were assessed and compared to conventional H&amp;E histology by neurosurgeons and a neuropathologist who then validated the quality enhancement in 100 pairs of original and transformed images. Average reviewers' score on test images showed 84 out of 100 transformed images had fewer artifacts and more noticeable critical structures compared to their original CLE form. By providing images that are more interpretable than the original CLE images and more rapidly acquired than H&amp;E slides, the style transfer method allows a real-time, cellular-level tissue examination using CLE technology that closely resembles the conventional appearance of H&amp;E staining and may yield better diagnostic recognition than original CLE grayscale images. 
### 28.Tracking in Urban Traffic Scenes from Background Subtraction and Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06381.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to combine detections from background subtraction and from a multiclass object detector for multiple object tracking (MOT) in urban traffic scenes. These objects are associated across frames using spatial, colour and class label information, and trajectory prediction is evaluated to yield the final MOT outputs. The proposed method was tested on the Urban tracker dataset and shows competitive performances compared to state-of-the-art approaches. Results show that the integration of different detection inputs remains a challenging task that greatly affects the MOT performance. 
### 29.Contrast Optimization And Local Adaptation (COALA) for HDR Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06372.pdf)
>  This paper develops a novel approach for high dynamic-range compression. It relies on the widely accepted assumption that the human visual system is not very sensitive to absolute luminance reaching the retina, but rather responds to relative luminance ratios. Dynamic-range compression is then formulated as a regularized optimization in which the image dynamic range is reduced while the local contrast of the original scene is preserved. Our method is shown to be capable of drastic dynamic-range compression, while preserving fine details and avoiding common artifacts such as halos, gradient reversals, or loss of local contrast. 
### 30.Collaborative Global-Local Networks for Memory-Efficient Segmentation of Ultra-High Resolution Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06368.pdf)
>  Segmentation of ultra-high resolution images is increasingly demanded, yet poses significant challenges for algorithm efficiency, in particular considering the (GPU) memory limits. Current approaches either downsample an ultra-high resolution image or crop it into small patches for separate processing. In either way, the loss of local fine details or global contextual information results in limited segmentation accuracy. We propose collaborative Global-Local Networks (GLNet) to effectively preserve both global and local information in a highly memory-efficient manner. GLNet is composed of a global branch and a local branch, taking the downsampled entire image and its cropped local patches as respective inputs. For segmentation, GLNet deeply fuses feature maps from two branches, capturing both the high-resolution fine structures from zoomed-in local patches and the contextual dependency from the downsampled input. To further resolve the potential class imbalance problem between background and foreground regions, we present a coarse-to-fine variant of GLNet, also being memory-efficient. Extensive experiments and analyses have been performed on three real-world ultra-high aerial and medical image datasets (resolution up to 30 million pixels). With only one single 1080Ti GPU and less than 2GB memory used, our GLNet yields high-quality segmentation results and achieves much more competitive accuracy-memory usage trade-offs compared to state-of-the-arts. 
### 31.Multi-task Learning for Chest X-ray Abnormality Classification on Noisy Labels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06362.pdf)
>  Chest X-ray (CXR) is the most common X-ray examination performed in daily clinical practice for the diagnosis of various heart and lung abnormalities. The large amount of data to be read and reported, with 100+ studies per day for a single radiologist, poses a challenge in maintaining consistently high interpretation accuracy. In this work, we propose a method for the classification of different abnormalities based on CXR scans of the human body. The system is based on a novel multi-task deep learning architecture that in addition to the abnormality classification, supports the segmentation of the lungs and heart and classification of regions where the abnormality is located. We demonstrate that by training these tasks concurrently, one can increase the classification performance of the model. Experiments were performed on an extensive collection of 297,541 chest X-ray images from 86,876 patients, leading to a state-of-the-art performance level of 0.883 AUC on average for 12 different abnormalities. We also conducted a detailed performance analysis and compared the accuracy of our system with 3 board-certified radiologists. In this context, we highlight the high level of label noise inherent to this problem. On a reduced subset containing only cases with high confidence reference labels based on the consensus of the 3 radiologists, our system reached an average AUC of 0.945. 
### 32.Local Features and Visual Words Emerge in Activations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06358.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method of deep spatial matching (DSM) for image retrieval. Initial ranking is based on image descriptors extracted from convolutional neural network activations by global pooling, as in recent state-of-the-art work. However, the same sparse 3D activation tensor is also approximated by a collection of local features. These local features are then robustly matched to approximate the optimal alignment of the tensors. This happens without any network modification, additional layers or training. No local feature detection happens on the original image. No local feature descriptors and no visual vocabulary are needed throughout the whole process. <br>We experimentally show that the proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on standard benchmarks across different network architectures and different global pooling methods. The highest gain in performance is achieved when diffusion on the nearest-neighbor graph of global descriptors is initiated from spatially verified images. 
### 33.X2CT-GAN: Reconstructing CT from Biplanar X-Rays with Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06902.pdf)
>  Computed tomography (CT) can provide a 3D view of the patient's internal organs, facilitating disease diagnosis, but it incurs more radiation dose to a patient and a CT scanner is much more cost prohibitive than an X-ray machine too. Traditional CT reconstruction methods require hundreds of X-ray projections through a full rotational scan of the body, which cannot be performed on a typical X-ray machine. In this work, we propose to reconstruct CT from two orthogonal X-rays using the generative adversarial network (GAN) framework. A specially designed generator network is exploited to increase data dimension from 2D (X-rays) to 3D (CT), which is not addressed in previous research of GAN. A novel feature fusion method is proposed to combine information from two X-rays.The mean squared error (MSE) loss and adversarial loss are combined to train the generator, resulting in a high-quality CT volume both visually and quantitatively. Extensive experiments on a publicly available chest CT dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. It could be a nice enhancement of a low-cost X-ray machine to provide physicians a CT-like 3D volume in several niche applications. 
### 34.Vision-based Robotic Grasping from Object Localization, Pose Estimation, Grasp Detection to Motion Planning: A Review  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06658.pdf)
>  This paper presents a comprehensive survey on vision-based robotic grasping. We concluded four key tasks during robotic grasping, which are object localization, pose estimation, grasp detection and motion planning. In detail, object localization includes object detection and segmentation methods, pose estimation includes RGB-based and RGB-D-based methods, grasp detection includes traditional methods and deep learning-based methods, motion planning includes analytical methods, imitating learning methods, and reinforcement learning methods. Besides, lots of methods accomplish some of the tasks jointly, such as object-detection-combined 6D pose estimation, grasp detection without pose estimation, end-to-end grasp detection, and end-to-end motion planning. These methods are reviewed elaborately in this survey. What's more, related datasets are summarized and comparisons between state-of-the-art methods are given for each task. Challenges about robotic grasping are presented, and future directions in addressing these challenges are also pointed out. 
### 35.Parsimonious Black-Box Adversarial Attacks via Efficient Combinatorial Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06635.pdf)
>  Solving for adversarial examples with projected gradient descent has been demonstrated to be highly effective in fooling the neural network based classifiers. However, in the black-box setting, the attacker is limited only to the query access to the network and solving for a successful adversarial example becomes much more difficult. To this end, recent methods aim at estimating the true gradient signal based on the input queries but at the cost of excessive queries. We propose an efficient discrete surrogate to the optimization problem which does not require estimating the gradient and consequently becomes free of the first order update hyperparameters to tune. Our experiments on Cifar-10 and ImageNet show the state of the art black-box attack performance with significant reduction in the required queries compared to a number of recently proposed methods. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/snu-mllab/parsimonious-blackbox-attack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 36.STAR: A Concise Deep Learning Framework for Citywide Human Mobility Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06576.pdf)
>  Human mobility forecasting in a city is of utmost importance to transportation and public safety, but with the process of urbanization and the generation of big data, intensive computing and determination of mobility pattern have become challenging. This study focuses on how to improve the accuracy and efficiency of predicting citywide human mobility via a simpler solution. A spatio-temporal mobility event prediction framework based on a single fully-convolutional residual network (STAR) is proposed. STAR is a highly simple, general and effective method for learning a single tensor representing the mobility event. Residual learning is utilized for training the deep network to derive the detailed result for scenarios of citywide prediction. Extensive benchmark evaluation results on real-world data demonstrate that STAR outperforms state-of-the-art approaches in single- and multi-step prediction while utilizing fewer parameters and achieving higher efficiency. 
### 37.Joint Learning of Neural Networks via Iterative Reweighted Least Squares  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06526.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce the problem of jointly learning feed-forward neural networks across a set of relevant but diverse datasets. Compared to learning a separate network from each dataset in isolation, joint learning enables us to extract correlated information across multiple datasets to significantly improve the quality of learned networks. We formulate this problem as joint learning of multiple copies of the same network architecture and enforce the network weights to be shared across these networks. Instead of hand-encoding the shared network layers, we solve an optimization problem to automatically determine how layers should be shared between each pair of datasets. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms baselines without joint learning and those using pretraining-and-fine-tuning. We show the effectiveness of our approach on three tasks: image classification, learning auto-encoders, and image generation. 
### 38.Streetscape augmentation using generative adversarial networks: insights related to health and wellbeing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06464.pdf)
>  Deep learning using neural networks has provided advances in image style transfer, merging the content of one image (e.g., a photo) with the style of another (e.g., a painting). Our research shows this concept can be extended to analyse the design of streetscapes in relation to health and wellbeing outcomes. An Australian population health survey (n=34,000) was used to identify the spatial distribution of health and wellbeing outcomes, including general health and social capital. For each outcome, the most and least desirable locations formed two domains. Streetscape design was sampled using around 80,000 Google Street View images per domain. Generative adversarial networks translated these images from one domain to the other, preserving the main structure of the input image, but transforming the `style' from locations where self-reported health was bad to locations where it was good. These translations indicate that areas in Melbourne with good general health are characterised by sufficient green space and compactness of the urban environment, whilst streetscape imagery related to high social capital contained more and wider footpaths, fewer fences and more grass. Beyond identifying relationships, the method is a first step towards computer-generated design interventions that have the potential to improve population health and wellbeing. 
### 39.An interdisciplinary survey of network similarity methods  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06457.pdf)
>  Comparative graph and network analysis play an important role in both systems biology and pattern recognition, but existing surveys on the topic have historically ignored or underserved one or the other of these fields. We present an integrative introduction to the key objectives and methods of graph and network comparison in each field, with the intent of remaining accessible to relative novices in order to mitigate the barrier to interdisciplinary idea crossover. <br>To guide our investigation, and to quantitatively justify our assertions about what the key objectives and methods of each field are, we have constructed a citation network containing 5,793 vertices from the full reference lists of over two hundred relevant papers, which we collected by searching Google Scholar for ten different network comparison-related search terms. We investigate its basic statistics and community structure, and frame our presentation around the papers found to have high importance according to five different standard centrality measures. 
### 40.Dynamic Neural Network Channel Execution for Efficient Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06435.pdf)
>  Existing methods for reducing the computational burden of neural networks at run-time, such as parameter pruning or dynamic computational path selection, focus solely on improving computational efficiency during inference. On the other hand, in this work, we propose a novel method which reduces the memory footprint and number of computing operations required for training and inference. Our framework efficiently integrates pruning as part of the training procedure by exploring and tracking the relative importance of convolutional channels. At each training step, we select only a subset of highly salient channels to execute according to the combinatorial upper confidence bound algorithm, and run a forward and backward pass only on these activated channels, hence learning their parameters. Consequently, we enable the efficient discovery of compact models. We validate our approach empirically on state-of-the-art CNNs - VGGNet, ResNet and DenseNet, and on several image classification datasets. Results demonstrate our framework for dynamic channel execution reduces computational cost up to 4x and parameter count up to 9x, thus reducing the memory and computational demands for discovering and training compact neural network models. 
### 41.Approximating the Ideal Observer and Hotelling Observer for binary signal detection tasks by use of supervised learning methods  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06330.pdf)
>  It is widely accepted that optimization of medical imaging system performance should be guided by task-based measures of image quality (IQ). Task-based measures of IQ quantify the ability of an observer to perform a specific task such as detection or estimation of a signal (e.g., a tumor). For binary signal detection tasks, the Bayesian Ideal Observer (IO) sets an upper limit of observer performance and has been advocated for use in optimizing medical imaging systems and data-acquisition designs. Except in special cases, determination of the IO test statistic is analytically intractable. Markov-chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) techniques can be employed to approximate IO detection performance, but their reported applications have been limited to relatively simple object models. In cases where the IO test statistic is difficult to compute, the Hotelling Observer (HO) can be employed. To compute the HO test statistic, potentially large covariance matrices must be accurately estimated and subsequently inverted, which can present computational challenges. This work investigates supervised learning-based methodologies for approximating the IO and HO test statistics. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and single-layer neural networks (SLNNs) are employed to approximate the IO and HO test statistics, respectively. Numerical simulations were conducted for both signal-known-exactly (SKE) and signal-known-statistically (SKS) signal detection tasks. The performances of the supervised learning methods are assessed via receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis and the results are compared to those produced by use of traditional numerical methods or analytical calculations when feasible. The potential advantages of the proposed supervised learning approaches for approximating the IO and HO test statistics are discussed. 
