# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 28 May 2019
### 1.Object Discovery with a Copy-Pasting GAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11369.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of object discovery, where objects are segmented for a given input image, and the system is trained without using any direct supervision whatsoever. A novel copy-pasting GAN framework is proposed, where the generator learns to discover an object in one image by compositing it into another image such that the discriminator cannot tell that the resulting image is fake. After carefully addressing subtle issues, such as preventing the generator from `cheating', this game results in the generator learning to select objects, as copy-pasting objects is most likely to fool the discriminator. The system is shown to work well on four very different datasets, including large object appearance variations in challenging cluttered backgrounds. 
### 2.Straight to Shapes++: Real-time Instance Segmentation Made More Accurate  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11358.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation is an important problem in computer vision, with applications in autonomous driving, drone navigation and robotic manipulation. However, most existing methods are not real-time, complicating their deployment in time-sensitive contexts. In this work, we extend an existing approach to real-time instance segmentation, called `Straight to Shapes' (STS), which makes use of low-dimensional shape embedding spaces to directly regress to object shape masks. The STS model can run at 35 FPS on a high-end desktop, but its accuracy is significantly worse than that of offline state-of-the-art methods. We leverage recent advances in the design and training of deep instance segmentation models to improve the performance accuracy of the STS model whilst keeping its real-time capabilities intact. In particular, we find that parameter sharing, more aggressive data augmentation and the use of structured loss for shape mask prediction all provide a useful boost to the network performance. Our proposed approach, `Straight to Shapes++', achieves a remarkable 19.7 point improvement in mAP (at IOU of 0.5) over the original method as evaluated on the PASCAL VOC dataset, thus redefining the accuracy frontier at real-time speeds. Since the accuracy of instance segmentation is closely tied to that of object bounding box prediction, we also study the error profile of the latter and examine the failure modes of our method for future improvements. 
### 3.Learning Occlusion-Aware View Synthesis for Light Fields  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11271.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a novel learning-based approach to synthesize new views of a light field image. In particular, given the four corner views of a light field, the presented method estimates any in-between view. We use three sequential convolutional neural networks for feature extraction, scene geometry estimation and view selection. Compared to state-of-the-art approaches, in order to handle occlusions we propose to estimate a different disparity map per view. Jointly with the view selection network, this strategy shows to be the most important to have proper reconstructions near object boundaries. Ablation studies and comparison against the state of the art on Lytro light fields show the superior performance of the proposed method. Furthermore, the method is adapted and tested on light fields with wide baselines acquired with a camera array and, in spite of having to deal with large occluded areas, the proposed approach yields very promising results. 
### 4.The Chan-Vese Model with Elastica and Landmark Constraints for Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11192.pdf)
>  In order to separate completely the objects with larger occluded boundaries in an image, we devise a new variational level set model for image segmentation combing the recently proposed Chan-Vese-Euler model with elastica and landmark constraints. For computational efficiency, we deign its Augmented Lagrangian Method(ALM) or Alternating Direction Method of Multiplier(ADMM) method by introducing some auxiliary variables, Lagrange multipliers and penalty parameters. In each loop of alternating iterative optimization, the sub-problems of minimization can be solved via simple Gauss-Seidel iterative method, or generalized soft thresholding formulas with projection methods respectively. Numerical experiments show that the proposed model not only can recover larger broken boundaries, but also can improve segmentation efficiency, decrease the dependence of segmentation on tuning parameters and initialization. 
### 5.Physics-as-Inverse-Graphics: Joint Unsupervised Learning of Objects and Physics from Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11169.pdf)
>  We aim to perform unsupervised discovery of objects and their states such as location and velocity, as well as physical system parameters such as mass and gravity from video -- given only the differential equations governing the scene dynamics. Existing physical scene understanding methods require either object state supervision, or do not integrate with differentiable physics to learn interpretable system parameters and states. We address this problem through a $\textit{physics-as-inverse-graphics}$ approach that brings together vision-as-inverse-graphics and differentiable physics engines. This framework allows us to perform long term extrapolative video prediction, as well as vision-based model-predictive control. Our approach significantly outperforms related unsupervised methods in long-term future frame prediction of systems with interacting objects (such as ball-spring or 3-body gravitational systems). We further show the value of this tight vision-physics integration by demonstrating data-efficient learning of vision-actuated model-based control for a pendulum system. The controller's interpretability also provides unique capabilities in goal-driven control and physical reasoning for zero-data adaptation. 
### 6.Giant Panda Face Recognition Using Small Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11163.pdf)
>  Giant panda (panda) is a highly endangered animal. Significant efforts and resources have been put on panda conservation. To measure effectiveness of conservation schemes, estimating its population size in wild is an important task. The current population estimation approaches, including capture-recapture, human visual identification and collection of DNA from hair or feces, are invasive, subjective, costly or even dangerous to the workers who perform these tasks in wild. Cameras have been widely installed in the regions where pandas live. It opens a new possibility for non-invasive image based panda recognition. Panda face recognition is naturally a small dataset problem, because of the number of pandas in the world and the number of qualified images captured by the cameras in each encounter. In this paper, a panda face recognition algorithm, which includes alignment, large feature set extraction and matching is proposed and evaluated on a dataset consisting of 163 images. The experimental results are encouraging. 
### 7.Breast mass classification in ultrasound based on Kendall's shape manifold  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11159.pdf)
>  Morphological features play an important role in breast mass classification in sonography. While benign breast masses tend to have a well-defined ellipsoidal contour, shape of malignant breast masses is commonly ill-defined and highly variable. Various handcrafted morphological features have been developed over the years to assess this phenomenon and help the radiologists differentiate benign and malignant masses. In this paper we propose an automatic approach to morphology analysis, we express shapes of breast masses as points on the Kendall's shape manifold. Next, we use the full Procrustes distance to develop support vector machine classifiers for breast mass differentiation. The usefulness of our method is demonstrated using a dataset of B-mode images collected from 163 breast masses. Our method achieved area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.81. The proposed method can be used to assess shapes of breast masses in ultrasound without any feature engineering. 
### 8.Label Prediction Framework for Semi-Supervised Cross-Modal Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11139.pdf)
>  Cross-modal data matching refers to retrieval of data from one modality, when given a query from another modality. In general, supervised algorithms achieve better retrieval performance compared to their unsupervised counterpart, as they can learn better representative features by leveraging the available label information. However, this comes at the cost of requiring huge amount of labeled examples, which may not always be available. In this work, we propose a novel framework in a semi-supervised setting, which can predict the labels of the unlabeled data using complementary information from different modalities. The proposed framework can be used as an add-on with any baseline crossmodal algorithm to give significant performance improvement, even in case of limited labeled data. Finally, we analyze the challenging scenario where the unlabeled examples can even come from classes not in the training data and evaluate the performance of our algorithm under such setting. Extensive evaluation using several baseline algorithms across three different datasets shows the effectiveness of our label prediction framework. 
### 9.Toward Self-Supervised Object Detection in Unlabeled Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11137.pdf)
>  Unlabeled video in the wild presents a valuable, yet so far unharnessed, source of information for learning vision tasks. We present the first attempt of fully self-supervised learning of object detection from subtitled videos without any manual object annotation. To this end, we use the How2 multi-modal collection of instructional videos with English subtitles. We pose the problem as learning with a weakly- and noisily-labeled data, and propose a novel training model that can confront high noise levels, and yet train a classifier to localize the object of interest in the video frames, without any manual labeling involved. We evaluate our approach on a set of 11 manually annotated objects in over 5000 frames and compare it to an existing weakly-supervised approach as baseline. Benchmark data and code will be released upon acceptance of the paper. 
### 10.Finding Task-Relevant Features for Few-Shot Learning by Category Traversal  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11116.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning is an important area of research. Conceptually, humans are readily able to understand new concepts given just a few examples, while in more pragmatic terms, limited-example training situations are common in practice. Recent effective approaches to few-shot learning employ a metric-learning framework to learn a feature similarity comparison between a query (test) example, and the few support (training) examples. However, these approaches treat each support class independently from one another, never looking at the entire task as a whole. Because of this, they are constrained to use a single set of features for all possible test-time tasks, which hinders the ability to distinguish the most relevant dimensions for the task at hand. In this work, we introduce a Category Traversal Module that can be inserted as a plug-and-play module into most metric-learning based few-shot learners. This component traverses across the entire support set at once, identifying task-relevant features based on both intra-class commonality and inter-class uniqueness in the feature space. Incorporating our module improves performance considerably (5%-10% relative) over baseline systems on both mini-ImageNet and tieredImageNet benchmarks, with overall performance competitive with recent state-of-the-art systems. 
### 11.Fourier-based Rotation-invariant Feature Boosting: An Efficient Framework for Geospatial Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11074.pdf)
>  Geospatial object detection of remote sensing imagery has been attracting an increasing interest in recent years, due to the rapid development in spaceborne imaging. Most of previously proposed object detectors are very sensitive to object deformations, such as scaling and rotation. To this end, we propose a novel and efficient framework for geospatial object detection in this letter, called Fourier-based rotation-invariant feature boosting (FRIFB). A Fourier-based rotation-invariant feature is first generated in polar coordinate. Then, the extracted features can be further structurally refined using aggregate channel features. This leads to a faster feature computation and more robust feature representation, which is good fitting for the coming boosting learning. Finally, in the test phase, we achieve a fast pyramid feature extraction by estimating a scale factor instead of directly collecting all features from image pyramid. Extensive experiments are conducted on two subsets of NWPU VHR-10 dataset, demonstrating the superiority and effectiveness of the FRIFB compared to previous state-of-the-art methods. 
### 12.Unsupervised Learning of Anomaly Detection from Contaminated Image Data using Simultaneous Encoder Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11034.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection in high-dimensional data, such as images, is a challenging problem recently subject to intense research. Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have the ability to model the normal data distribution and, therefore, detect anomalies. Previously published GAN-based methods often assume that anomaly-free data is available for training. However, in real-life scenarios, this is not always the case. In this work, we examine the effects of contaminating training data with anomalies for state-of-the-art GAN-based anomaly detection methods. As expected, detection performance is reduced. To mitigate this problem, we propose to add an additional encoder network already at training time to adjust the structure of the latent space. As we show in our experiments, the distance in latent space from a query image to the origin is a highly significant cue to discriminate anomalies from normal data. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on CIFAR-10 as well as on a large new dataset with cell images. 
### 13.Fooling Detection Alone is Not Enough: First Adversarial Attack against Multiple Object Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11026.pdf)
>  Recent work in adversarial machine learning started to focus on the visual perception in autonomous driving and studied Adversarial Examples (AEs) for object detection models. However, in such visual perception pipeline the detected objects must also be tracked, in a process called Multiple Object Tracking (MOT), to build the moving trajectories of surrounding obstacles. Since MOT is designed to be robust against errors in object detection, it poses a general challenge to existing attack techniques that blindly target objection detection: we find that a success rate of over 98% is needed for them to actually affect the tracking results, a requirement that no existing attack technique can satisfy. In this paper, we are the first to study adversarial machine learning attacks against the complete visual perception pipeline in autonomous driving, and discover a novel attack technique, tracker hijacking, that can effectively fool MOT using AEs on object detection. Using our technique, successful AEs on as few as one single frame can move an existing object in to or out of the headway of an autonomous vehicle to cause potential safety hazards. We perform evaluation using the Berkeley Deep Drive dataset and find that on average when 3 frames are attacked, our attack can have a nearly 100% success rate while attacks that blindly target object detection only have up to 25%. 
### 14.Ordinal Distribution Regression for Gait-based Age Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11005.pdf)
>  Computer vision researchers prefer to estimate the age from face images due to informative facial features. Estimating the age from face images becomes challenging when people are far away from camcorders or occluded. As the unique biometric feature that can be perceived efficiently at a distance, gait can be an alternative way to predict the age in case that face images are not available. However, existing gait-based classification or regression methods ignore the ordinal relationship of different ages, which is an important clue to the age estimation. In this paper, we proposes an ordinal distribution regression with a global and local convolutional neural network for gait-based age estimation. Specifically, we decompose the gait-based age regression into a series of binary classifications to incorporate the ordinal information of the age. Then an ordinal distribution loss is proposed to take inner relationship among these classifications into account by penalizing the distribution discrepancy between the estimated and the ground-truth. In addition, our neural network consists of a global and three local sub-networks, which is capable of learning the global structure and more local details from head, body and feet of gait, respectively. By comparing with the state-of-the-art methods of gait-based age estimation, this paper highlights, experimentally, that the proposed approach has a better predictive performance on the OULP-Age dataset. 
### 15.An Intelligent Monitoring System of Vehicles on Highway Traffic  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10982.pdf)
>  Vehicle speed monitoring and management of highways is the critical problem of the road in this modern age of growing technology and population. A poor management results in frequent traffic jam, traffic rules violation and fatal road accidents. Using traditional techniques of RADAR, LIDAR and LASAR to address this problem is time-consuming, expensive and tedious. This paper presents an efficient framework to produce a simple, cost efficient and intelligent system for vehicle speed monitoring. The proposed method uses an HD (High Definition) camera mounted on the road side either on a pole or on a traffic signal for recording video frames. On the basis of these frames, a vehicle can be tracked by using radius growing method, and its speed can be calculated by calculating vehicle mask and its displacement in consecutive frames. The method uses pattern recognition, digital image processing and mathematical techniques for vehicle detection, tracking and speed calculation. The validity of the proposed model is proved by testing it on different highways. 
### 16.Deep Multi-Index Hashing for Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10980.pdf)
>  Traditional person re-identification (ReID) methods typically represent person images as real-valued features, which makes ReID inefficient when the gallery set is extremely large. Recently, some hashing methods have been proposed to make ReID more efficient. However, these hashing methods will deteriorate the accuracy in general, and the efficiency of them is still not high enough. In this paper, we propose a novel hashing method, called deep multi-index hashing (DMIH), to improve both efficiency and accuracy for ReID. DMIH seamlessly integrates multi-index hashing and multi-branch based networks into the same framework. Furthermore, a novel block-wise multi-index hashing table construction approach and a search-aware multi-index (SAMI) loss are proposed in DMIH to improve the search efficiency. Experiments on three widely used datasets show that DMIH can outperform other state-of-the-art baselines, including both hashing methods and real-valued methods, in terms of both efficiency and accuracy. 
### 17.Style transfer-based image synthesis as an efficient regularization technique in deep learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10974.pdf)
>  These days deep learning is the fastest-growing area in the field of Machine Learning. Convolutional Neural Networks are currently the main tool used for image analysis and classification purposes. Although great achievements and perspectives, deep neural networks and accompanying learning algorithms have some relevant challenges to tackle. In this paper, we have focused on the most frequently mentioned problem in the field of machine learning, that is relatively poor generalization abilities. Partial remedies for this are regularization techniques e.g. dropout, batch normalization, weight decay, transfer learning, early stopping and data augmentation. In this paper, we have focused on data augmentation. We propose to use a method based on a neural style transfer, which allows generating new unlabeled images of a high perceptual quality that combine the content of a base image with the appearance of another one. In a proposed approach, the newly created images are described with pseudo-labels, and then used as a training dataset. Real, labeled images are divided into the validation and test set. We validated the proposed method on a challenging skin lesion classification case study. Four representative neural architectures are examined. Obtained results show the strong potential of the proposed approach. 
### 18.Computer-aided Detection of Squamous Carcinoma of the Cervix in Whole Slide Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10959.pdf)
>  Goal: Squamous cell carcinoma of cervix is one of the most prevalent cancer worldwide in females. Traditionally, the most indispensable diagnosis of cervix squamous carcinoma is histopathological assessment which is achieved under microscope by pathologist. However, human evaluation of pathology slide is highly depending on the experience of pathologist, thus big inter- and intra-observer variability exists. Digital pathology, in combination with deep learning provides an opportunity to improve the objectivity and efficiency of histopathologic slide analysis. Methods: In this study, we obtained 800 haematoxylin and eosin stained slides from 300 patients suffered from cervix squamous carcinoma. Based on information from morphological heterogeneity in the tumor and its adjacent area, we established deep learning models using popular convolution neural network architectures (inception-v3, InceptionResnet-v2 and Resnet50). Then random forest was introduced to feature extractions and slide-based classification. Results: The overall performance of our proposed models on slide-based tumor discrimination were outstanding with an AUC scores &gt; 0.94. While, location identifications of lesions in whole slide images were mediocre (FROC scores &gt; 0.52) duo to the extreme complexity of tumor tissues. Conclusion: For the first time, our analysis workflow highlighted a quantitative visual-based slide analysis of cervix squamous carcinoma. Significance: This study demonstrates a pathway to assist pathologist and accelerate the diagnosis of patients by utilizing new computational approaches. 
### 19.PNUNet: Anomaly Detection using Positive-and-Negative Noise based on Self-Training Procedure  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10939.pdf)
>  We propose the novel framework for anomaly detection in images. Our new framework, PNUNet, is based on many normal data and few anomalous data. We assume that some noises are added to the input images and learn to remove the noise. In addition, the proposed method achieves significant performance improvement by updating the noise assumed in the inputs using a self-training framework. The experimental results for the benchmark datasets show the usefulness of our new anomaly detection framework. 
### 20.SpecNet: Spectral Domain Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10915.pdf)
>  The memory consumption of most Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures grows rapidly with increasing depth of the network, which is a major constraint for efficient network training and inference on modern GPUs with yet limited memory. Several studies show that the feature maps (as generated after the convolutional layers) are the big bottleneck in this memory problem. Often, these feature maps mimic natural photographs in the sense that their energy is concentrated in the spectral domain. This paper proposes a Spectral Domain Convolutional Neural Network (SpecNet) that performs both the convolution and the activation operations in the spectral domain to achieve memory reduction. SpecNet exploits a configurable threshold to force small values in the feature maps to zero, allowing the feature maps to be stored sparsely. Since convolution in the spatial domain is equivalent to a dot product in the spectral domain, the multiplications only need to be performed on the non-zero entries of the (sparse) spectral domain feature maps. SpecNet also employs a special activation function that preserves the sparsity of the feature maps while effectively encouraging the convergence of the network. The performance of SpecNet is evaluated on three competitive object recognition benchmark tasks (MNIST, CIFAR-10, and SVHN), and compared with four state-of-the-art implementations (LeNet, AlexNet, VGG, and DenseNet). Overall, SpecNet is able to reduce memory consumption by about 60% without significant loss of performance for all tested network architectures. 
### 21.Temporal Attentive Alignment for Video Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10861.pdf)
>  Although various image-based domain adaptation (DA) techniques have been proposed in recent years, domain shift in videos is still not well-explored. Most previous works only evaluate performance on small-scale datasets which are saturated. Therefore, we first propose a larger-scale dataset with larger domain discrepancy: UCF-HMDB_full. Second, we investigate different DA integration methods for videos, and show that simultaneously aligning and learning temporal dynamics achieves effective alignment even without sophisticated DA methods. Finally, we propose Temporal Attentive Adversarial Adaptation Network (TA3N), which explicitly attends to the temporal dynamics using domain discrepancy for more effective domain alignment, achieving state-of-the-art performance on three video DA datasets. We plan to release the code and datasets. 
### 22.Integration of Text-maps in Convolutional Neural Networks for Region Detection among Different Textual Categories  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10858.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a new technique that combines appearance and text in a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), with the aim of detecting regions of different textual categories. We define a novel visual representation of the semantic meaning of text that allows a seamless integration in a standard CNN architecture. This representation, referred to as text-map, is integrated with the actual image to provide a much richer input to the network. Text-maps are colored with different intensities depending on the relevance of the words recognized over the image. Concretely, these words are previously extracted using Optical Character Recognition (OCR) and they are colored according to the probability of belonging to a textual category of interest. In this sense, this solution is especially relevant in the context of item coding for supermarket products, where different types of textual categories must be identified, such as ingredients or nutritional facts. We evaluated our solution in the proprietary item coding dataset of Nielsen Brandbank, which contains more than 10,000 images for train and 2,000 images for test. The reported results demonstrate that our approach focused on visual and textual data outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms only based on appearance, such as standard Faster R-CNN. These enhancements are reflected in precision and recall, which are improved in 42 and 33 points respectively. 
### 23.OOGAN: Disentangling GAN with One-Hot Sampling and Orthogonal Regularization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10836.pdf)
>  Exploring the potential of GANs for unsupervised disentanglement learning, this paper proposes a novel framework called OOGAN. While previous work mostly attempts to tackle disentanglement learning through VAE and seeks to minimize the Total Correlation (TC) objective with various sorts of approximation methods, we show that GANs have a natural advantage in disentangling with a straightforward latent variable sampling method. Furthermore, we provide a brand-new perspective on designing the structure of the generator and discriminator, demonstrating that a minor structural change and an orthogonal regularization on model weights entails improved disentanglement learning. Our experiments on several visual datasets confirm the effectiveness and superiority of this approach. 
### 24.A multi-path 2.5 dimensional convolutional neural network system for segmenting stroke lesions in brain MRI images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10835.pdf)
>  Automatic identification of brain lesions from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans of stroke survivors would be a useful aid in patient diagnosis and treatment planning. We propose a multi-modal multi-path convolutional neural network system for automating stroke lesion segmentation. Our system has nine end-to-end UNets that take as input 2-dimensional (2D) slices and examines all three planes with three different normalizations. Outputs from these nine total paths are concatenated into a 3D volume that is then passed to a 3D convolutional neural network to output a final lesion mask. We trained and tested our method on datasets from three sources: Medical College of Wisconsin (MCW), Kessler Foundation (KF), and the publicly available Anatomical Tracings of Lesions After Stroke (ATLAS) dataset. Cross-study validation results (with independent training and validation datasets) were obtained to compare with previous methods based on naive Bayes, random forests, and three recently published convolutional neural networks. Model performance was quantified in terms of the Dice coefficient. Training on the KF and MCW images and testing on the ATLAS images yielded a mean Dice coefficient of 0.54. This was reliably better than the next best previous model, UNet, at 0.47. Reversing the train and test datasets yields a mean Dice of 0.47 on KF and MCW images, whereas the next best UNet reaches 0.45. With all three datasets combined, the current system compared to previous methods also attained a reliably higher cross-validation accuracy. It also achieved high Dice values for many smaller lesions that existing methods have difficulty identifying. Overall, our system is a clear improvement over previous methods for automating stroke lesion segmentation, bringing us an important step closer to the inter-rater accuracy level of human experts. 
### 25.Feature Map Transform Coding for Energy-Efficient CNN Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10830.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) achieve state-of-the-art accuracy in a variety of tasks in computer vision and beyond. One of the major obstacles hindering the ubiquitous use of CNNs for inference on low-power edge devices is their relatively high computational complexity and memory bandwidth requirements. The latter often dominates the energy footprint on modern hardware. In this paper, we introduce a lossy transform coding approach, inspired by image and video compression, designed to reduce the memory bandwidth due to the storage of intermediate activation calculation results. Our method exploits the high correlations between feature maps and adjacent pixels and allows to halve the data transfer volumes to the main memory without re-training. We analyze the performance of our approach on a variety of CNN architectures and demonstrated FPGA implementation of ResNet18 with our approach results in reduction of around 40% in the memory energy footprint compared to quantized network with negligible impact on accuracy. A reference implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CompressTeam/TransformCodingInference" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 26.EgoFace: Egocentric Face Performance Capture and Videorealistic Reenactment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10822.pdf)
>  Face performance capture and reenactment techniques use multiple cameras and sensors, positioned at a distance from the face or mounted on heavy wearable devices. This limits their applications in mobile and outdoor environments. We present EgoFace, a radically new lightweight setup for face performance capture and front-view videorealistic reenactment using a single egocentric RGB camera. Our lightweight setup allows operations in uncontrolled environments, and lends itself to telepresence applications such as video-conferencing from dynamic environments. The input image is projected into a low dimensional latent space of the facial expression parameters. Through careful adversarial training of the parameter-space synthetic rendering, a videorealistic animation is produced. Our problem is challenging as the human visual system is sensitive to the smallest face irregularities that could occur in the final results. This sensitivity is even stronger for video results. Our solution is trained in a pre-processing stage, through a supervised manner without manual annotations. EgoFace captures a wide variety of facial expressions, including mouth movements and asymmetrical expressions. It works under varying illuminations, background, movements, handles people from different ethnicities and can operate in real time. 
### 27.Why do These Match? Explaining the Behavior of Image Similarity Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10797.pdf)
>  Explaining a deep learning model can help users understand its behavior and allow researchers to discern its shortcomings. Recent work has primarily focused on explaining models for tasks like image classification or visual question answering. In this paper, we introduce an explanation approach for image similarity models, where a model's output is a semantic feature representation rather than a classification. In this task, an explanation depends on both of the input images, so standard methods do not apply. We propose an explanation method that pairs a saliency map identifying important image regions with an attribute that best explains the match. We find that our explanations are more human-interpretable than saliency maps alone, and can also improve performance on the classic task of attribute recognition. The ability of our approach to generalize is demonstrated on two datasets from very different domains, Polyvore Outfits and Animals with Attributes 2. 
### 28.Unsupervised Intuitive Physics from Past Experiences  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10793.pdf)
>  We are interested in learning models of intuitive physics similar to the ones that animals use for navigation, manipulation and planning. In addition to learning general physical principles, however, we are also interested in learning ``on the fly'', from a few experiences, physical properties specific to new environments. We do all this in an unsupervised manner, using a meta-learning formulation where the goal is to predict videos containing demonstrations of physical phenomena, such as objects moving and colliding with a complex background. We introduce the idea of summarizing past experiences in a very compact manner, in our case using dynamic images, and show that this can be used to solve the problem well and efficiently. Empirically, we show via extensive experiments and ablation studies, that our model learns to perform physical predictions that generalize well in time and space, as well as to a variable number of interacting physical objects. 
### 29.What is the relationship between face alignment and facial expression recognition?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10784.pdf)
>  Face expression recognition is still a complex task, particularly due to the presence of head pose variations. Although face alignment approaches are becoming increasingly accurate for characterizing facial regions, it is important to consider the impact of these approaches when they are used for other related tasks such as head pose registration or facial expression recognition. In this paper, we compare the performance of recent face alignment approaches to highlight the most appropriate techniques for preserving facial geometry when correcting the head pose variation. Also, we highlight the most suitable techniques that locate facial landmarks in the presence of head pose variations and facial expressions. 
### 30.Cross-Resolution Face Recognition via Prior-Aided Face Hallucination and Residual Knowledge Distillation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10777.pdf)
>  Recent deep learning based face recognition methods have achieved great performance, but it still remains challenging to recognize very low-resolution query face like 28x28 pixels when CCTV camera is far from the captured subject. Such face with very low-resolution is totally out of detail information of the face identity compared to normal resolution in a gallery and hard to find corresponding faces therein. To this end, we propose a Resolution Invariant Model (RIM) for addressing such cross-resolution face recognition problems, with three distinct novelties. First, RIM is a novel and unified deep architecture, containing a Face Hallucination sub-Net (FHN) and a Heterogeneous Recognition sub-Net (HRN), which are jointly learned end to end. Second, FHN is a well-designed tri-path Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) which simultaneously perceives facial structure and geometry prior information, i.e. landmark heatmaps and parsing maps, incorporated with an unsupervised cross-domain adversarial training strategy to super-resolve very low-resolution query image to its 8x larger ones without requiring them to be well aligned. Third, HRN is a generic Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for heterogeneous face recognition with our proposed residual knowledge distillation strategy for learning discriminative yet generalized feature representation. Quantitative and qualitative experiments on several benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model over the state-of-the-arts. Codes and models will be released upon acceptance. 
### 31.HadaNets: Flexible Quantization Strategies for Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10759.pdf)
>  On-board processing elements on UAVs are currently inadequate for training and inference of Deep Neural Networks. This is largely due to the energy consumption of memory accesses in such a network. HadaNets introduce a flexible train-from-scratch tensor quantization scheme by pairing a full precision tensor to a binary tensor in the form of a Hadamard product. Unlike wider reduced precision neural network models, we preserve the train-time parameter count, thus out-performing XNOR-Nets without a train-time memory penalty. Such training routines could see great utility in semi-supervised online learning tasks. Our method also offers advantages in model compression, as we reduce the model size of ResNet-18 by 7.43 times with respect to a full precision model without utilizing any other compression techniques. We also demonstrate a 'Hadamard Binary Matrix Multiply' kernel, which delivers a 10-fold increase in performance over full precision matrix multiplication with a similarly optimized kernel. 
### 32.Learning Smooth Representation for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10748.pdf)
>  In unsupervised domain adaptation, existing methods utilizing the boundary decision have achieved remarkable performance, but they lack analysis of the relationship between decision boundary and features. In our work, we propose a new principle that adaptive classifiers and transferable features can be obtained in the target domain by learning smooth representations. We analyze the relationship between decision boundary and ambiguous target features in terms of smoothness. Thereafter, local smooth discrepancy is defined to measure the smoothness of a sample and detect sensitive samples which are easily misclassified. To strengthen the smoothness, sensitive samples are corrected in feature space by optimizing local smooth discrepancy. Moreover, the generalization error upper bound is derived theoretically. Finally, We evaluate our method in several standard benchmark datasets. Empirical evidence shows that the proposed method is comparable or superior to the state-of-the-art methods and local smooth discrepancy is a valid metric to evaluate the performance of a domain adaptation method. 
### 33.Disentangling Style and Content in Anime Illustrations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10742.pdf)
>  Existing methods for AI-generated artworks still struggle with generating high-quality stylized content, where high-level semantics are preserved, or separating fine-grained styles from various artists. We propose a novel Generative Adversarial Disentanglement Network which can fully decompose complex anime illustrations into style and content. Training such model is challenging, since given a style, various content data may exist but not the other way round. In particular, we disentangle two complementary factors of variations, where one of the factors is labelled. Our approach is divided into two stages, one that encodes an input image into a style independent content, and one based on a dual-conditional generator. We demonstrate the ability to generate high-fidelity anime portraits with a fixed content and a large variety of styles from over a thousand artists, and vice versa, using a single end-to-end network and with applications in style transfer. We show this unique capability as well as superior output to the current state-of-the-art. 
### 34.DISN: Deep Implicit Surface Network for High-quality Single-view 3D Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10711.pdf)
>  Reconstructing 3D shapes from single-view images has been a long-standing research problem and has attracted a lot of attention. In this paper, we present DISN, a Deep Implicit Surface Network that generates a high-quality 3D shape given an input image by predicting the underlying signed distance field. In addition to utilizing global image features, DISN also predicts the local image patch each 3D point sample projects onto and extracts local features from the patch. Combining global and local features significantly improves the accuracy of the predicted signed distance field. To the best of our knowledge, DISN is the first method that constantly captures details such as holes and thin structures present in 3D shapes from single-view images. DISN achieves state-of-the-art single-view reconstruction performance on a variety of shape categories reconstructed from both synthetic and real images. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/laughtervv/DISN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 35.Underwater Fish Detection with Weak Multi-Domain Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10708.pdf)
>  Given a sufficiently large training dataset, it is relatively easy to train a modern convolution neural network (CNN) as a required image classifier. However, for the task of fish classification and/or fish detection, if a CNN was trained to detect or classify particular fish species in particular background habitats, the same CNN exhibits much lower accuracy when applied to new/unseen fish species and/or fish habitats. Therefore, in practice, the CNN needs to be continuously fine-tuned to improve its classification accuracy to handle new project-specific fish species or habitats. In this work we present a labelling-efficient method of training a CNN-based fish-detector (the Xception CNN was used as the base) on relatively small numbers (4,000) of project-domain underwater fish/no-fish images from 20 different habitats. Additionally, 17,000 of known negative (that is, missing fish) general-domain (VOC2012) above-water images were used. Two publicly available fish-domain datasets supplied additional 27,000 of above-water and underwater positive/fish images. By using this multi-domain collection of images, the trained Xception-based binary (fish/not-fish) classifier achieved 0.17% false-positives and 0.61% false-negatives on the project's 20,000 negative and 16,000 positive holdout test images, respectively. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) was 99.94%. 
### 36.DAVE: A Deep Audio-Visual Embedding for Dynamic Saliency Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10693.pdf)
>  This paper presents a conceptually simple and effective Deep Audio-Visual Eembedding for dynamic saliency prediction dubbed ``DAVE". Several behavioral studies have shown a strong relation between auditory and visual cues for guiding gaze during scene free viewing. The existing video saliency models, however, only consider visual cues for predicting saliency over videos and neglect the auditory information that is ubiquitous in dynamic scenes. We propose a multimodal saliency model that utilizes audio and visual information for predicting saliency in videos. Our model consists of a two-stream encoder and a decoder. First, auditory and visual information are mapped into a feature space using 3D Convolutional Neural Networks (3D CNNs). Then, a decoder combines the features and maps them to a final saliency map. To train such model, data from various eye tracking datasets containing video and audio are pulled together. We further categorised videos into `social', `nature', and `miscellaneous' classes to analyze the models over different content types. Several analyses show that our audio-visual model outperforms video-based models significantly over all scores; overall and over individual categories. Contextual analysis of the model performance over the location of sound source reveals that the audio-visual model behaves similar to humans in attending to the location of sound source. Our endeavour demonstrates that audio is an important signal that can boost video saliency prediction and help getting closer to human performance. 
### 37.Training neural networks to have brain-like representations improves object recognition performance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10679.pdf)
>  The current state-of-the-art object recognition algorithms, deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs), are inspired by the architecture of the mammalian visual system [8], and capable of human-level performance on many tasks [15]. However, even these algorithms make errors. As DCNNs improve at object recognition tasks, they develop representations in their hidden layers that become more similar to those observed in the mammalian brains [24]. This led us to hypothesize that teaching DCNNs to achieve even more brain-like representations could improve their performance. To test this, we trained DCNNs on a composite task, wherein networks were trained to: a) classify images of objects; while b) having intermediate representations that resemble those observed in neural recordings from monkey visual cortex. Compared with DCNNs trained purely for object categorization, DCNNs trained on the composite task had better object recognition performance. Our results outline a new way to regularize object recognition networks, using transfer learning strategies in which the brain serves as a teacher for training DCNNs. 
### 38.DIANet: Dense-and-Implicit Attention Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10671.pdf)
>  Attention-based deep neural networks (DNNs) that emphasize the informative information in a local receptive field of an input image have successfully boosted the performance of deep learning in various challenging problems. In this paper, we propose a Dense-and-Implicit-Attention (DIA) unit that can be applied universally to different network architectures and enhance their generalization capacity by repeatedly fusing the information throughout different network layers. The communication of information between different layers is carried out via a modified Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) module within the DIA unit that is in parallel with the DNN. The sharing DIA unit links multi-scale features from different depth levels of the network implicitly and densely. Experiments on benchmark datasets show that the DIA unit is capable of emphasizing channel-wise feature interrelation and leads to significant improvement of image classification accuracy. We further empirically show that the DIA unit is a nonlocal normalization tool that enhances the Batch Normalization. The code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gbup-group/DIANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 39.Exploring Temporal Information for Improved Video Understanding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10654.pdf)
>  In this dissertation, I present my work towards exploring temporal information for better video understanding. Specifically, I have worked on two problems: action recognition and semantic segmentation. For action recognition, I have proposed a framework, termed hidden two-stream networks, to learn an optimal motion representation that does not require the computation of optical flow. My framework alleviates several challenges faced in video classification, such as learning motion representations, real-time inference, multi-framerate handling, generalizability to unseen actions, etc. For semantic segmentation, I have introduced a general framework that uses video prediction models to synthesize new training samples. By scaling up the training dataset, my trained models are more accurate and robust than previous models even without modifications to the network architectures or objective functions. I believe videos have much more potential to be mined, and temporal information is one of the most important cues for machines to perceive the visual world better. 
### 40.Combining mixture models with linear mixing updates: multilayer image segmentation and synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10629.pdf)
>  Finite mixture models for clustering can often be improved by adding a regularization that is specific to the topology of the data. For instance, mixtures are common in unsupervised image segmentation, and typically rely on averaging the posterior mixing probabilities of spatially adjacent data points (i.e. smoothing). However, this approach has had limited success with natural images. Here we make three contributions. First, we show that a Dirichlet prior with an appropriate choice of parameters allows -- using the Expectation-Maximization approach -- to define any linear update rule for the mixing probabilities, including many smoothing regularizations as special cases. Second, we demonstrate how to use this flexible design of the update rule to propagate segmentation information across layers of a deep network, and to train mixtures jointly across layers. Third, we compare the standard Gaussian mixture and the Student-t mixture, which is known to better capture the statistics of low-level visual features. We show that our models achieve competitive performance in natural image segmentation, with the Student-t mixtures reaching state-of-the art on boundaries scores. We also demonstrate how to exploit the resulting multilayer probabilistic generative model to synthesize naturalistic images beyond uniform textures. 
### 41.Hyperparameter-Free Out-of-Distribution Detection Using Softmax of Scaled Cosine Similarity  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10628.pdf)
>  The ability of detecting out-of-distribution (OOD) samples is important to secure reliability of deep neural networks in real-world applications. Considering the nature of OOD samples, detection methods should not have hyperparameters whose optimal values vary sensitively depending on incoming OOD samples. This requirement is not met by many previous methods. In this paper, we propose a simple, hyperparameter-free method that is based on softmax of scaled cosine similarity. It resembles the approach employed by recent metric learning methods, but it differs in details; the differences are essential to achieve high detection performance. As compared with the current state-of-the-art methods, which needs hyperparameter tuning that could compromise real-world performance, the proposed method attains at least competitive detection accuracy even without (tuning of) a hyperparameter; furthermore, it is computationally more efficient, since it needs only a single forward pass unlike previous methods that need backpropagation for each input. 
### 42.Beyond Visual Semantics: Exploring the Role of Scene Text in Image Understanding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10622.pdf)
>  Images with visual and scene text content are ubiquitous in everyday life. However current image interpretation systems are mostly limited to using only the visual features, neglecting to leverage the scene text content. In this paper we propose to jointly use scene text and visual channels for robust semantic interpretation of images. We undertake the task of matching Advertisement images against their human generated statements that describe the action that the ad prompts and the rationale it provides for taking this action. We extract the scene text and generate semantic and lexical text representations, which are used in the interpretation of the Ad Image. To deal with irrelevant or erroneous detection of scene text, we use a text attention scheme. We also learn an embedding of the visual channel,\ie visual features based on detected symbolism and objects, into a semantic embedding space, leveraging text semantics obtained from scene text. We show how the multi channel approach, involving visual semantics and scene text, improves upon the current state of the art. 
### 43.ShrinkTeaNet: Million-scale Lightweight Face Recognition via Shrinking Teacher-Student Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10620.pdf)
>  Large-scale face recognition in-the-wild has been recently achieved matured performance in many real work applications. However, such systems are built on GPU platforms and mostly deploy heavy deep network architectures. Given a high-performance heavy network as a teacher, this work presents a simple and elegant teacher-student learning paradigm, namely ShrinkTeaNet, to train a portable student network that has significantly fewer parameters and competitive accuracy against the teacher network. Far apart from prior teacher-student frameworks mainly focusing on accuracy and compression ratios in closed-set problems, our proposed teacher-student network is proved to be more robust against open-set problem, i.e. large-scale face recognition. In addition, this work introduces a novel Angular Distillation Loss for distilling the feature direction and the sample distributions of the teacher's hypersphere to its student. Then ShrinkTeaNet framework can efficiently guide the student's learning process with the teacher's knowledge presented in both intermediate and last stages of the feature embedding. Evaluations on LFW, CFP-FP, AgeDB, IJB-B and IJB-C Janus, and MegaFace with one million distractors have demonstrated the efficiency of the proposed approach to learn robust student networks which have satisfying accuracy and compact sizes. Our ShrinkTeaNet is able to support the light-weight architecture achieving high performance with 99.77% on LFW and 95.64% on large-scale Megaface protocols. 
### 44.Exploring Feature Representation and Training strategies in Temporal Action Localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10608.pdf)
>  Temporal action localization has recently attracted significant interest in the Computer Vision community. However, despite the great progress, it is hard to identify which aspects of the proposed methods contribute most to the increase in localization performance. To address this issue, we conduct ablative experiments on feature extraction methods, fixed-size feature representation methods and training strategies, and report how each influences the overall performance. Based on our findings, we propose a two-stage detector that outperforms the state of the art in THUMOS14, achieving a mAP@tIoU=0.5 equal to 44.2%. 
### 45.Unsupervised Single Image Underwater Depth Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10595.pdf)
>  Depth estimation from a single underwater image is one of the most challenging problems and is highly ill-posed. Due to the absence of large generalized underwater depth datasets and the difficulty in obtaining ground truth depth-maps, supervised learning techniques such as direct depth regression cannot be used. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised method for depth estimation from a single underwater image taken `in the wild' by using haze as a cue for depth. Our approach is based on indirect depth-map estimation where we learn the mapping functions between unpaired RGB-D terrestrial images and arbitrary underwater images to estimate the required depth-map. We propose a method which is based on the principles of cycle-consistent learning and uses dense-block based auto-encoders as generator networks. We evaluate and compare our method both quantitatively and qualitatively on various underwater images with diverse attenuation and scattering conditions and show that our method produces state-of-the-art results for unsupervised depth estimation from a single underwater image. 
### 46.Efficient Object Annotation via Speaking and Pointing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10576.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks deliver state-of-the-art visual recognition, but they rely on large datasets, which are time-consuming to annotate. These datasets are typically annotated in two stages: (1) determining the presence of object classes at the image level and (2) marking the spatial extent for all objects of these classes. In this work we use speech, together with mouse inputs, to speed up this process. We first improve stage one, by letting annotators indicate object class presence via speech. We then combine the two stages: annotators draw an object bounding box via the mouse and simultaneously provide its class label via speech. Using speech has distinct advantages over relying on mouse inputs alone. First, it is fast and allows for direct access to the class name, by simply saying it. Second, annotators can simultaneously speak and mark an object location. Finally, speech-based interfaces can be kept extremely simple, hence using them requires less mouse movement compared to existing approaches. Through extensive experiments on the COCO and ILSVRC datasets we show that our approach yields high-quality annotations at significant speed gains. Stage one takes 2.3x - 14.9x less annotation time than existing methods based on a hierarchical organization of the classes to be annotated. Moreover, when combining the two stages, we find that object class labels come for free: annotating them at the same time as bounding boxes has zero additional cost. On COCO, this makes the overall process 1.9x faster than the two-stage approach. 
### 47.Deep Image Feature Learning with Fuzzy Rules  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10575.pdf)
>  The methods of extracting image features are the key to many image processing tasks. At present, the most popular method is the deep neural network which can automatically extract robust features through end-to-end training instead of hand-crafted feature extraction. However, the deep neural network currently faces many challenges: 1) its effectiveness is heavily dependent on large datasets, so the computational complexity is very high; 2) it is usually regarded as a black box model with poor interpretability. To meet the above challenges, a more interpretable and scalable feature learning method, i.e., deep image feature learning with fuzzy rules (DIFL-FR), is proposed in the paper, which combines the rule-based fuzzy modeling technique and the deep stacked learning strategy. The method progressively learns image features through a layer-by-layer manner based on fuzzy rules, so the feature learning process can be better explained by the generated rules. More importantly, the learning process of the method is only based on forward propagation without back propagation and iterative learning, which results in the high learning efficiency. In addition, the method is under the settings of unsupervised learning and can be easily extended to scenes of supervised and semi-supervised learning. Extensive experiments are conducted on image datasets of different scales. The results obviously show the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 48.Joint Label Prediction based Semi-Supervised Adaptive Concept Factorization for Robust Data Representation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10572.pdf)
>  Constrained Concept Factorization (CCF) yields the enhanced representation ability over CF by incorporating label information as additional constraints, but it cannot classify and group unlabeled data appropriately. Minimizing the difference between the original data and its reconstruction directly can enable CCF to model a small noisy perturbation, but is not robust to gross sparse errors. Besides, CCF cannot preserve the manifold structures in new representation space explicitly, especially in an adaptive manner. In this paper, we propose a joint label prediction based Robust Semi-Supervised Adaptive Concept Factorization (RS2ACF) framework. To obtain robust representation, RS2ACF relaxes the factorization to make it simultaneously stable to small entrywise noise and robust to sparse errors. To enrich prior knowledge to enhance the discrimination, RS2ACF clearly uses class information of labeled data and more importantly propagates it to unlabeled data by jointly learning an explicit label indicator for unlabeled data. By the label indicator, RS2ACF can ensure the unlabeled data of the same predicted label to be mapped into the same class in feature space. Besides, RS2ACF incorporates the joint neighborhood reconstruction error over the new representations and predicted labels of both labeled and unlabeled data, so the manifold structures can be preserved explicitly and adaptively in the representation space and label space at the same time. Owing to the adaptive manner, the tricky process of determining the neighborhood size or kernel width can be avoided. Extensive results on public databases verify that our RS2ACF can deliver state-of-the-art data representation, compared with other related methods. 
### 49.Scalable Block-Diagonal Locality-Constrained Projective Dictionary Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10568.pdf)
>  We propose a novel structured discriminative block-diagonal dictionary learning method, referred to as scalable Locality-Constrained Projective Dictionary Learning (LC-PDL), for efficient representation and classification. To improve the scalability by saving both training and testing time, our LC-PDL aims at learning a structured discriminative dictionary and a block-diagonal representation without using costly l0/l1-norm. Besides, it avoids extra time-consuming sparse reconstruction process with the well-trained dictionary for new sample as many existing models. More importantly, LC-PDL avoids using the complementary data matrix to learn the sub-dictionary over each class. To enhance the performance, we incorporate a locality constraint of atoms into the DL procedures to keep local information and obtain the codes of samples over each class separately. A block-diagonal discriminative approximation term is also derived to learn a discriminative projection to bridge data with their codes by extracting the special block-diagonal features from data, which can ensure the approximate coefficients to associate with its label information clearly. Then, a robust multiclass classifier is trained over extracted block-diagonal codes for accurate label predictions. Experimental results verify the effectiveness of our algorithm. 
### 50.Robust Unsupervised Flexible Auto-weighted Local-Coordinate Concept Factorization for Image Clustering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10564.pdf)
>  We investigate the high-dimensional data clustering problem by proposing a novel and unsupervised representation learning model called Robust Flexible Auto-weighted Local-coordinate Concept Factorization (RFA-LCF). RFA-LCF integrates the robust flexible CF, robust sparse local-coordinate coding and the adaptive reconstruction weighting learning into a unified model. The adaptive weighting is driven by including the joint manifold preserving constraints on the recovered clean data, basis concepts and new representation. Specifically, our RFA-LCF uses a L2,1-norm based flexible residue to encode the mismatch between clean data and its reconstruction, and also applies the robust adaptive sparse local-coordinate coding to represent the data using a few nearby basis concepts, which can make the factorization more accurate and robust to noise. The robust flexible factorization is also performed in the recovered clean data space for enhancing representations. RFA-LCF also considers preserving the local manifold structures of clean data space, basis concept space and the new coordinate space jointly in an adaptive manner way. Extensive comparisons show that RFA-LCF can deliver enhanced clustering results. 
### 51.A New Clustering Method Based on Morphological Operations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10548.pdf)
>  With the booming development of data science, many clustering methods have been proposed. All clustering methods have inherent merits and deficiencies. Therefore, they are only capable of clustering some specific types of data robustly. In addition, the accuracies of the clustering methods rely heavily on the characteristics of the data. In this paper, we propose a new clustering method based on the morphological operations. The morphological dilation is used to connect the data points based on their adjacency and form different connected domains. The iteration of the morphological dilation process stops when the number of connected domains equals the number of the clusters or when the maximum number of iteration is reached. The morphological dilation is then used to label the connected domains. The Euclidean distance between each data point and the points in each labeled connected domain is calculated. For each data point, there is a labeled connected domain that contains a point that yields the smallest Euclidean distance. The data point is assigned with the same labeling number as the labeled connected domain. We evaluate and compare the proposed method with state of the art clustering methods with different types of data. Experimental results show that the proposed method is more robust and generic for clustering two-dimensional or three-dimensional data. 
### 52.Leveraging Domain Knowledge to improve EM image segmentation with Lifted Multicuts  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10535.pdf)
>  The throughput of electron microscopes has increased significantly in recent years, enabling detailed analysis of cell morphology and ultrastructure. Analysis of neural circuits at single-synapse resolution remains the flagship target of this technique, but applications to cell and developmental biology are also starting to emerge at scale. The amount of data acquired in such studies makes manual instance segmentation, a fundamental step in many analysis pipelines, impossible. While automatic segmentation approaches have improved significantly thanks to the adoption of convolutional neural networks, their accuracy still lags behind human annotations and requires additional manual proof-reading. A major hindrance to further improvements is the limited field of view of the segmentation networks preventing them from exploiting the expected cell morphology or other prior biological knowledge which humans use to inform their segmentation decisions. In this contribution, we show how such domain-specific information can be leveraged by expressing it as long-range interactions in a graph partitioning problem known as the lifted multicut problem. Using this formulation, we demonstrate significant improvement in segmentation accuracy for three challenging EM segmentation problems from neuroscience and cell biology. 
### 53.Domain Adaptive Attention Model for Unsupervised Cross-Domain Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10529.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (Re-ID) across multiple datasets is a challenging yet important task due to the possibly large distinctions between different datasets and the lack of training samples in practical applications. This work proposes a novel unsupervised domain adaption framework which transfers discriminative representations from the labeled source domain (dataset) to the unlabeled target domain (dataset). We propose to formulate the domain adaption task as an one-class classification problem with a novel domain similarity loss. Given the feature map of any image from a backbone network, a novel domain adaptive attention model (DAAM) first automatically learns to separate the feature map of an image to a domain-shared feature (DSH) map and a domain-specific feature (DSP) map simultaneously. Specially, the residual attention mechanism is designed to model DSP feature map for avoiding negative transfer. Then, a DSH branch and a DSP branch are introduced to learn DSH and DSP feature maps respectively. To reduce domain divergence caused by that the source and target datasets are collected from different environments, we force to project the DSH feature maps from different domains to a new nominal domain, and a novel domain similarity loss is proposed based on one-class classification. In addition, a novel unsupervised person Re-ID loss is proposed to take full use of unlabeled target data. Extensive experiments on the Market-1501 and DukeMTMC-reID benchmarks demonstrate state-of-the-art performance of the proposed method. Code will be released to facilitate further studies on the cross-domain person re-identification task. 
### 54.6-DOF GraspNet: Variational Grasp Generation for Object Manipulation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10520.pdf)
>  Generating grasp poses is a crucial component for any robot object manipulation task. In this work, we formulate the problem of grasp generation as sampling a set of grasps using a variational auto-encoder and assess and refine the sampled grasps using a grasp evaluator model. Both Grasp Sampler and Grasp Refinement networks take 3D point clouds observed by a depth camera as input. We evaluate our approach in simulation and real-world robot experiments. Our approach achieves 88\% success rate on various commonly used objects with diverse appearances, scales, and weights. Our model is trained purely in simulation and works in the real world without any extra steps. The video of our experiments can be found at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/KNnDpGEE_NE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 55.GAN2GAN: Generative Noise Learning for Blind Image Denoising with Single Noisy Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10488.pdf)
>  We tackle a challenging blind image denoising problem, in which only single noisy images are available for training a denoiser and no information about noise is known, except for it being zero-mean, additive, and independent of the clean image. In such a setting, which often occurs in practice, it is not possible to train a denoiser with the standard discriminative training or with the recently developed Noise2Noise (N2N) training; the former requires the underlying clean image for the given noisy image, and the latter requires two independently realized noisy image pair for a clean image. To that end, we propose GAN2GAN (Generated-Artificial-Noise to Generated-Artificial-Noise) method that can first learn to generate synthetic noisy image pairs that simulate independent realizations of the noise in the given images, then carry out the N2N training of a denoiser with those synthetically generated noisy image pairs. Our method consists of three parts: extracting smooth noisy patches to learn the noise distribution in the given images, training a generative model to synthesize the noisy image pairs, and devising an iterative N2N training of a denoiser. In results, we show the denoiser trained with our GAN2GAN, solely based on single noisy images, achieves an impressive denoising performance, almost approaching the performance of the standard discriminatively-trained or N2N-trained models that have more information than ours, and significantly outperforming the recent baselines for the same setting. 
### 56.Generative Latent Flow: A Framework for Non-adversarial Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10485.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been shown to outperform non-adversarial generative models in terms of the image generation quality by a large margin. Recently, researchers have looked into improving non-adversarial alternatives that can close the gap of generation quality while avoiding some common issues of GANs, such as unstable training and mode collapse. Examples in this direction include Two-stage VAE and Generative Latent Nearest Neighbors. However, a major drawback of these models is that they are slow to train, and in particular, they require two training stages. To address this, we propose Generative Latent Flow (GLF), which uses an auto-encoder to learn the mapping to and from the latent space, and an invertible flow to map the distribution in the latent space to simple i.i.d noise. The advantages of our method include a simple conceptual framework, single stage training and fast convergence. Quantitatively, the generation quality of our model significantly outperforms that of VAEs, and is competitive with GANs' benchmark on commonly used datasets. 
### 57.Fully Hyperbolic Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10484.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have recently seen tremendous success in various computer vision tasks. However, their application to problems with high dimensional input and output has been limited by two factors. First, in the training stage, it is necessary to store network activations for back propagation. Second, in the inference stage, a few copies of the image are typically stored to be concatenated to other network states deeper in the network. In these settings, the memory requirements associated with storing activations can exceed what is feasible with current hardware. For the problem of image classification, reversible architectures have been proposed that allow one to recalculate activations in the backwards pass instead of storing them, however, such networks do not perform well for problems such as segmentation. Furthermore, currently only block reversible networks have been possible because pooling operations are not reversible. <br>Motivated by the propagation of signals over physical networks, that are governed by the hyperbolic Telegraph equation, in this work we introduce a fully conservative hyperbolic network for problems with high dimensional input and output. We introduce a coarsening operation that allows completely reversible CNNs by using the Discrete Wavelet Transform and its inverse to both coarsen and interpolate the network state and change the number of channels. This means that during training we do not need to store the activations from the forward pass, and can train arbitrarily deep or wide networks. Furthermore, our network has a much lower memory footprint for inference. We show that we are able to achieve results comparable to the state of the art in image classification, depth estimation, and semantic segmentation, with a much lower memory footprint. 
### 58.ImgSensingNet: UAV Vision Guided Aerial-Ground Air Quality Sensing System  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11299.pdf)
>  Given the increasingly serious air pollution problem, the monitoring of air quality index (AQI) in urban areas has drawn considerable attention. This paper presents ImgSensingNet, a vision guided aerial-ground sensing system, for fine-grained air quality monitoring and forecasting using the fusion of haze images taken by the unmanned-aerial-vehicle (UAV) and the AQI data collected by an on-ground three-dimensional (3D) wireless sensor network (WSN). Specifically, ImgSensingNet first leverages the computer vision technique to tell the AQI scale in different regions from the taken haze images, where haze-relevant features and a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) are designed for direct learning between haze images and corresponding AQI scale. Based on the learnt AQI scale, ImgSensingNet determines whether to wake up on-ground wireless sensors for small-scale AQI monitoring and inference, which can greatly reduce the energy consumption of the system. An entropy-based model is employed for accurate real-time AQI inference at unmeasured locations and future air quality distribution forecasting. We implement and evaluate ImgSensingNet on two university campuses since Feb. 2018, and has collected 17,630 photos and 2.6 millions of AQI data samples. Experimental results confirm that ImgSensingNet can achieve higher inference accuracy while greatly reduce the energy consumption, compared to state-of-the-art AQI monitoring approaches. 
### 59.Bridging Dialogue Generation and Facial Expression Synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11240.pdf)
>  Spoken dialogue systems that assist users to solve complex tasks such as movie ticket booking have become an emerging research topic in artificial intelligence and natural language processing areas. With a well-designed dialogue system as an intelligent personal assistant, people can accomplish certain tasks more easily via natural language interactions. Today there are several virtual intelligent assistants in the market; however, most systems only focus on single modality, such as textual or vocal interaction. A multimodal interface has various advantages: (1) allowing human to communicate with machines in a natural and concise form using the mixture of modalities that most precisely convey the intention to satisfy communication needs, and (2) providing more engaging experience by natural and human-like feedback. This paper explores a brand new research direction, which aims at bridging dialogue generation and facial expression synthesis for better multimodal interaction. The goal is to generate dialogue responses and simultaneously synthesize corresponding visual expressions on faces, which is also an ultimate step toward more human-like virtual assistants. 
### 60.Emphasis Regularisation by Gradient Rescaling for Training Deep Neural Networks with Noisy Labels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11233.pdf)
>  It is fundamental and challenging to train robust and accurate Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) when noisy labels exist. Although great progress has been made, there is still one crucial research question which is not thoroughly explored yet: What training examples should be focused and how much more should they be emphasised when training DNNs under label noise? In this work, we study this question and propose gradient rescaling (GR) to solve it. GR modifies the magnitude of logit vector's gradient to emphasise on relatively easier training data points when severe noise exists, which functions as explicit emphasis regularisation to improve the generalisation performance of DNNs. Apart from regularisation, we also interpret GR from the perspectives of sample reweighting and designing robust loss functions. Therefore, our proposed GR helps connect these three approaches in the literature. We empirically demonstrate that GR is highly noise-robust and outperforms the state-of-the-art noise-tolerant algorithms by a large margin, e.g., increasing 7% on CIFAR-100 with 40% noisy labels. It is also significantly superior to standard regularisors. Furthermore, we present comprehensive ablation studies to explore the behaviours of GR under different cases, which is informative for applying GR in real-world scenarios. 
### 61.GRDN:Grouped Residual Dense Network for Real Image Denoising and GAN-based Real-world Noise Modeling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11172.pdf)
>  Recent research on image denoising has progressed with the development of deep learning architectures, especially convolutional neural networks. However, real-world image denoising is still very challenging because it is not possible to obtain ideal pairs of ground-truth images and real-world noisy images. Owing to the recent release of benchmark datasets, the interest of the image denoising community is now moving toward the real-world denoising problem. In this paper, we propose a grouped residual dense network (GRDN), which is an extended and generalized architecture of the state-of-the-art residual dense network (RDN). The core part of RDN is defined as grouped residual dense block (GRDB) and used as a building module of GRDN. We experimentally show that the image denoising performance can be significantly improved by cascading GRDBs. In addition to the network architecture design, we also develop a new generative adversarial network-based real-world noise modeling method. We demonstrate the superiority of the proposed methods by achieving the highest score in terms of both the peak signal-to-noise ratio and the structural similarity in the NTIRE2019 Real Image Denoising Challenge - Track 2:sRGB. 
### 62.Audio2Face: Generating Speech/Face Animation from Single Audio with Attention-Based Bidirectional LSTM Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11142.pdf)
>  We propose an end to end deep learning approach for generating real-time facial animation from just audio. Specifically, our deep architecture employs deep bidirectional long short-term memory network and attention mechanism to discover the latent representations of time-varying contextual information within the speech and recognize the significance of different information contributed to certain face status. Therefore, our model is able to drive different levels of facial movements at inference and automatically keep up with the corresponding pitch and latent speaking style in the input audio, with no assumption or further human intervention. Evaluation results show that our method could not only generate accurate lip movements from audio, but also successfully regress the speaker's time-varying facial movements. 
### 63.LAW: Learning to Auto Weight  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11058.pdf)
>  Example weighting algorithm is an effective solution to the training bias problem. However, typical methods are usually limited to human knowledge and require laborious tuning of hyperparameters. In this study, we propose a novel example weighting framework called Learning to Auto Weight (LAW), which can learn weighting policy from data adaptively based on reinforcement learning (RL). <br>To shrink the huge searching space in a complete training process, we divide the training procedure consisting of numerous iterations into a small number of stages, and then search a low-deformational continuous vector as action, which determines the weight of each sample. To make training more efficient, we make an innovative design of the reward to remove randomness during the RL process. <br>Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of weighting policy explored by LAW over standard training pipeline. Especially, compared with baselines, LAW can find a better weighting schedule which achieves higher accuracy in the origin CIFAR dataset, and over 10% higher in accuracy on the contaminated CIFAR dataset with 30% label noises. Our code will be released soon. 
### 64.Attention Based Image Compression Post-Processing Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11045.pdf)
>  The traditional image compressors, e.g., BPG and H.266, have achieved great image and video compression quality. Recently, Convolutional Neural Network has been used widely in image compression. We proposed an attention-based convolutional neural network for low bit-rate compression to post-process the output of traditional image compression decoder. Across the experimental results on validation sets, the post-processing module trained by MAE and MS-SSIM losses yields the highest PSNR of 32.10 on average at the bit-rate of 0.15. 
### 65.Transcribing Content from Structural Images with Spotlight Mechanism  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10954.pdf)
>  Transcribing content from structural images, e.g., writing notes from music scores, is a challenging task as not only the content objects should be recognized, but the internal structure should also be preserved. Existing image recognition methods mainly work on images with simple content (e.g., text lines with characters), but are not capable to identify ones with more complex content (e.g., structured symbols), which often follow a fine-grained grammar. To this end, in this paper, we propose a hierarchical Spotlight Transcribing Network (STN) framework followed by a two-stage "where-to-what" solution. Specifically, we first decide "where-to-look" through a novel spotlight mechanism to focus on different areas of the original image following its structure. Then, we decide "what-to-write" by developing a GRU based network with the spotlight areas for transcribing the content accordingly. Moreover, we propose two implementations on the basis of STN, i.e., STNM and STNR, where the spotlight movement follows the Markov property and Recurrent modeling, respectively. We also design a reinforcement method to refine the framework by self-improving the spotlight mechanism. We conduct extensive experiments on many structural image datasets, where the results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of STN framework. 
### 66.Identity Connections in Residual Nets Improve Noise Stability  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10944.pdf)
>  Residual Neural Networks (ResNets) achieve state-of-the-art performance in many computer vision problems. Compared to plain networks without residual connections (PlnNets), ResNets train faster, generalize better, and suffer less from the so-called degradation problem. We introduce simplified (but still nonlinear) versions of ResNets and PlnNets for which these discrepancies still hold, although to a lesser degree. We establish a 1-1 mapping between simplified ResNets and simplified PlnNets, and show that they are exactly equivalent to each other in expressive power for the same computational complexity. We conjecture that ResNets generalize better because they have better noise stability, and empirically support it for both simplified and fully-fledged networks. 
### 67.Semi-supervised GAN for Classification of Multispectral Imagery Acquired by UAVs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10920.pdf)
>  Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) are used in precision agriculture (PA) to enable aerial monitoring of farmlands. Intelligent methods are required to pinpoint weed infestations and make optimal choice of pesticide. UAV can fly a multispectral camera and collect data. However, the classification of multispectral images using supervised machine learning algorithms such as convolutional neural networks (CNN) requires large amount of training data. This is a common drawback in deep learning we try to circumvent making use of a semi-supervised generative adversarial networks (GAN), providing a pixel-wise classification for all the acquired multispectral images. Our algorithm consists of a generator network that provides photo-realistic images as extra training data to a multi-class classifier, acting as a discriminator and trained on small amounts of labeled data. The performance of the proposed method is evaluated on the weedNet dataset consisting of multispectral crop and weed images collected by a micro aerial vehicle (MAV). The results by the proposed semi-supervised GAN achieves high classification accuracy and demonstrates the potential of GAN-based methods for the challenging task of multispectral image classification. 
### 68.Seeing Convolution Through the Eyes of Finite Transformation Semigroup Theory: An Abstract Algebraic Interpretation of Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10901.pdf)
>  Researchers are actively trying to gain better insights into the representational properties of convolutional neural networks for guiding better network designs and for interpreting a network's computational nature. Gaining such insights can be an arduous task due to the number of parameters in a network and the complexity of a network's architecture. Current approaches of neural network interpretation include Bayesian probabilistic interpretations and information theoretic interpretations. In this study, we take a different approach to studying convolutional neural networks by proposing an abstract algebraic interpretation using finite transformation semigroup theory. Specifically, convolutional layers are broken up and mapped to a finite space. The state space of the proposed finite transformation semigroup is then defined as a single element within the convolutional layer, with the acting elements defined by surrounding state elements combined with convolution kernel elements. Generators of the finite transformation semigroup are defined to complete the interpretation. We leverage this approach to analyze the basic properties of the resulting finite transformation semigroup to gain insights on the representational properties of convolutional neural networks, including insights into quantized network representation. Such a finite transformation semigroup interpretation can also enable better understanding outside of the confines of fixed lattice data structures, thus useful for handling data that lie on irregular lattices. Furthermore, the proposed abstract algebraic interpretation is shown to be viable for interpreting convolutional operations within a variety of convolutional neural network architectures. 
### 69.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation via Regularized Conditional Alignment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10885.pdf)
>  We propose a method for unsupervised domain adaptation that trains a shared embedding to align the joint distributions of inputs (domain) and outputs (classes), making any classifier agnostic to the domain. Joint alignment ensures that not only the marginal distributions of the domain are aligned, but the labels as well. We propose a novel objective function that encourages the class-conditional distributions to have disjoint support in feature space. We further exploit adversarial regularization to improve the performance of the classifier on the domain for which no annotated data is available. 
### 70.Utilizing Automated Breast Cancer Detection to Identify Spatial Distributions of Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes in Invasive Breast Cancer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10841.pdf)
>  Quantitative assessment of Tumor-TIL spatial relationships is increasingly important in both basic science and clinical aspects of breast cancer research. We have developed and evaluated convolutional neural network (CNN) analysis pipelines to generate combined maps of cancer regions and tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) in routine diagnostic breast cancer whole slide tissue images (WSIs). We produce interactive whole slide maps that provide 1) insight about the structural patterns and spatial distribution of lymphocytic infiltrates and 2) facilitate improved quantification of TILs. We evaluated both tumor and TIL analyses using three CNN networks - Resnet-34, VGG16 and Inception v4, and demonstrated that the results compared favorably to those obtained by what believe are the best published methods. We have produced open-source tools and generated a public dataset consisting of tumor/TIL maps for 1,015 TCGA breast cancer images. We also present a customized web-based interface that enables easy visualization and interactive exploration of high-resolution combined Tumor-TIL maps for 1,015TCGA invasive breast cancer cases that can be downloaded for further downstream analyses. 
### 71.Selective Transfer with Reinforced Transfer Network for Partial Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10756.pdf)
>  Partial domain adaptation (PDA) extends standard domain adaptation to a more realistic scenario where the target domain only has a subset of classes from the source domain. The key challenge of PDA is how to select the relevant samples in the shared classes for knowledge transfer. Previous PDA methods tackle this problem by re-weighting the source samples based on the prediction of classifier or discriminator, thus discarding the pixel-level information. In this paper, to utilize both high-level and pixel-level information, we propose a reinforced transfer network (RTNet), which is the first work to apply reinforcement learning to address the PDA problem. The RTNet simultaneously mitigates the negative transfer by adopting a reinforced data selector to filter out outlier source classes, and promotes the positive transfer by employing a domain adaptation model to minimize the distribution discrepancy in the shared label space. Extensive experiments indicate that RTNet can achieve state-of-the-art performance for partial domain adaptation tasks on several benchmark datasets. Codes and datasets will be available online. 
### 72.Purifying Adversarial Perturbation with Adversarially Trained Auto-encoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10729.pdf)
>  Machine learning models are vulnerable to adversarial examples. Iterative adversarial training has shown promising results against strong white-box attacks. However, adversarial training is very expensive, and every time a model needs to be protected, such expensive training scheme needs to be performed. In this paper, we propose to apply iterative adversarial training scheme to an external auto-encoder, which once trained can be used to protect other models directly. We empirically show that our model outperforms other purifying-based methods against white-box attacks, and transfers well to directly protect other base models with different architectures. 
### 73.Efficient Curvature Estimation for Oriented Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10725.pdf)
>  There is an immense literature focused on estimating the curvature of an unknown surface from point cloud dataset. Most existing algorithms estimate the curvature indirectly, that is, to estimate the surface locally by some basis functions and then calculate the curvature of such surface as an estimate of the curvature. Recently several methods have been proposed to estimate the curvature directly. However, these algorithms lack of theoretical guarantee on estimation error on small to moderate datasets. In this paper, we propose a direct and efficient method to estimate the curvature for oriented point cloud data without any surface approximation. In fact, we estimate the Weingarten map using a least square method, so that Gaussian curvature, mean curvature and principal curvatures can be obtained automatically from the Weingarten map. We show the convergence rate of our Weingarten Map Estimation (WME) algorithm is $n^{-2/3}$ both theoretically and numerically. Finally, we apply our method to point cloud simplification and surface reconstruction. 
### 74.A Lipschitz-constrained anomaly discriminator framework  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10710.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection is a problem of great interest in medicine, finance, and other fields where error and fraud need to be detected and corrected. Most deep anomaly detection methods rely on autoencoder reconstruction error. However, we show that this approach has limited value. First, this approach starts to perform poorly when either noise or anomalies contaminate training data, even to a small extent. Second, this approach cannot detect anomalous but simple to reconstruct points. This can be seen even in relatively simple examples, such as feeding a black image to detectors trained on MNIST digits. Here, we introduce a new discriminator-based unsupervised Lipschitz anomaly detector (LAD). We train a Wasserstein discriminator, similar to the ones used in GANs, to detect the difference between the training data and corruptions of the training data. We show that this procedure successfully detects unseen anomalies with guarantees on those that have a certain Wasserstein distance from the data or corrupted training set. Finally, we show results of this system in an electronic medical record dataset of HIV-positive veterans from the veterans aging cohort study (VACS) to establish usability in a medical setting. 
### 75.Image Detection and Digit Recognition to solve Sudoku as a Constraint Satisfaction Problem  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10701.pdf)
>  Sudoku is a puzzle well-known to the scientific community with simple rules of completion, which may require a com-plex line of reasoning. This paper addresses the problem of partitioning the Sudoku image into a 1-D array, recognizing digits from the array and representing it as a Constraint Sat-isfaction Problem (CSP). In this paper, we introduce new fea-ture extraction techniques for recognizing digits, which are used with our benchmark classifiers in conjunction with the CSP algorithms to provide performance assessment. Experi-mental results show that application of CSP techniques can decrease the solution's search time by eliminating incon-sistent values from the search space. 
### 76.Efficient Neural Task Adaptation by Maximum Entropy Initialization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10698.pdf)
>  Transferring knowledge from one neural network to another has been shown to be helpful for learning tasks with few training examples. Prevailing fine-tuning methods could potentially contaminate pre-trained features by comparably high energy random noise. This noise is mainly delivered from a careless replacement of task-specific parameters. We analyze theoretically such knowledge contamination for classification tasks and propose a practical and easy to apply method to trap and minimize the contaminant. In our approach, the entropy of the output estimates gets maximized initially and the first back-propagated error is stalled at the output of the last layer. Our proposed method not only outperforms the traditional fine-tuning, but also significantly speeds up the convergence of the learner. It is robust to randomness and independent of the choice of architecture. Overall, our experiments show that the power of transfer learning has been substantially underestimated so far. 
### 77.Adversarial Distillation for Ordered Top-k Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10695.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, especially white-box targeted attacks. One scheme of learning attacks is to design a proper adversarial objective function that leads to the imperceptible perturbation for any test image (e.g., the Carlini-Wagner (C&amp;W) method). Most methods address targeted attacks in the Top-1 manner. In this paper, we propose to learn ordered Top-k attacks (k&gt;= 1) for image classification tasks, that is to enforce the Top-k predicted labels of an adversarial example to be the k (randomly) selected and ordered labels (the ground-truth label is exclusive). To this end, we present an adversarial distillation framework: First, we compute an adversarial probability distribution for any given ordered Top-k targeted labels with respect to the ground-truth of a test image. Then, we learn adversarial examples by minimizing the Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence together with the perturbation energy penalty, similar in spirit to the network distillation method. We explore how to leverage label semantic similarities in computing the targeted distributions, leading to knowledge-oriented attacks. In experiments, we thoroughly test Top-1 and Top-5 attacks in the ImageNet-1000 validation dataset using two popular DNNs trained with clean ImageNet-1000 train dataset, ResNet-50 and DenseNet-121. For both models, our proposed adversarial distillation approach outperforms the C&amp;W method in the Top-1 setting, as well as other baseline methods. Our approach shows significant improvement in the Top-5 setting against a strong modified C&amp;W method. 
### 78.Constellation Loss: Improving the efficiency of deep metric learning loss functions for optimal embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10675.pdf)
>  Metric learning has become an attractive field for research on the latest years. Loss functions like contrastive loss, triplet loss or multi-class N-pair loss have made possible generating models capable of tackling complex scenarios with the presence of many classes and scarcity on the number of images per class not only work to build classifiers, but to many other applications where measuring similarity is the key. Deep Neural Networks trained via metric learning also offer the possibility to solve few-shot learning problems. Currently used state of the art loss functions such as triplet and contrastive loss functions, still suffer from slow convergence due to the selection of effective training samples that has been partially solved by the multi-class N-pair loss by simultaneously adding additional samples from the different classes. In this work, we extend triplet and multiclass-N-pair loss function by proposing the constellation loss metric where the distances among all class combinations are simultaneously learned. We have compared our constellation loss for visual class embedding showing that our loss function over-performs the other methods by obtaining more compact clusters while achieving better classification results. 
### 79.Reconstructing faces from voices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10604.pdf)
>  Voice profiling aims at inferring various human parameters from their speech, e.g. gender, age, etc. In this paper, we address the challenge posed by a subtask of voice profiling - reconstructing someone's face from their voice. The task is designed to answer the question: given an audio clip spoken by an unseen person, can we picture a face that has as many common elements, or associations as possible with the speaker, in terms of identity? To address this problem, we propose a simple but effective computational framework based on generative adversarial networks (GANs). The network learns to generate faces from voices by matching the identities of generated faces to those of the speakers, on a training set. We evaluate the performance of the network by leveraging a closely related task - cross-modal matching. The results show that our model is able to generate faces that match several biometric characteristics of the speaker, and results in matching accuracies that are much better than chance. 
### 80.Best Pair Formulation &amp; Accelerated Scheme for Non-convex Principal Component Pursuit  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10598.pdf)
>  The best pair problem aims to find a pair of points that minimize the distance between two disjoint sets. In this paper, we formulate the classical robust principal component analysis (RPCA) as the best pair; which was not considered before. We design an accelerated proximal gradient scheme to solve it, for which we show global convergence, as well as the local linear rate. Our extensive numerical experiments on both real and synthetic data suggest that the algorithm outperforms relevant baseline algorithms in the literature. 
### 81.Ensemble of 3D CNN regressors with data fusion for fluid intelligence prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10550.pdf)
>  In this work, we aim at predicting children's fluid intelligence scores based on structural T1-weighted MR images from the largest long-term study of brain development and child health. The target variable was regressed on a data collection site, socio-demographic variables and brain volume, thus being independent to the potentially informative factors, which are not directly related to the brain functioning. We investigate both feature extraction and deep learning approaches as well as different deep CNN architectures and their ensembles. We propose an advanced architecture of VoxCNNs ensemble, which yield MSE (92.838) on blind test. 
### 82.Cold Case: The Lost MNIST Digits  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10498.pdf)
>  Although the popular MNIST dataset [LeCun et al., 1994] is derived from the NIST database [Grother and Hanaoka, 1995], the precise processing steps for this derivation have been lost to time. We propose a reconstruction that is accurate enough to serve as a replacement for the MNIST dataset, with insignificant changes in accuracy. We trace each MNIST digit to its NIST source and its rich metadata such as writer identifier, partition identifier, etc. We also reconstruct the complete MNIST test set with 60,000 samples instead of the usual 10,000. Since the balance 50,000 were never distributed, they enable us to investigate the impact of twenty-five years of MNIST experiments on the reported testing performances. Our results unambiguously confirm the trends observed by Recht et al. [2018, 2019]: although the misclassification rates are slightly off, classifier ordering and model selection remain broadly reliable. We attribute this phenomenon to the pairing benefits of comparing classifiers on the same digits. 
### 83.Geometric Wavelet Scattering Networks on Compact Riemannian Manifolds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10448.pdf)
>  The Euclidean scattering transform was introduced nearly a decade ago to improve the mathematical understanding of convolutional neural networks. Inspired by recent interest in geometric deep learning, which aims to generalize convolutional neural networks to manifold and graph-structured domains, we define a geometric scattering transform on manifolds. Similar to the Euclidean scattering transform, the geometric scattering transform is based on a cascade of wavelet filters and pointwise nonlinearities. It is invariant to local isometries and stable to certain types of diffeomorphisms. Empirical results demonstrate its utility on several geometric learning tasks. Our results generalize the deformation stability and local translation invariance of Euclidean scattering, and demonstrate the importance of linking the used filter structures to the underlying geometry of the data. 
