# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 10 May 2019
### 1.Learning Interpretable Features via Adversarially Robust Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03767.pdf)
>  Neural networks are proven to be remarkably successful for classification and diagnosis in medical applications. However, the ambiguity in the decision-making process and the interpretability of the learned features is a matter of concern. In this work, we propose a method for improving the feature interpretability of neural network classifiers. Initially, we propose a baseline convolutional neural network with state of the art performance in terms of accuracy and weakly supervised localization. Subsequently, the loss is modified to integrate robustness to adversarial examples into the training process. In this work, feature interpretability is quantified via evaluating the weakly supervised localization using the ground truth bounding boxes. Interpretability is also visually assessed using class activation maps and saliency maps. The method is applied to NIH ChestX-ray14, the largest publicly available chest x-rays dataset. We demonstrate that the adversarially robust optimization paradigm improves feature interpretability both quantitatively and visually. 
### 2.Interactive Image Generation Using Scene Graphs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03743.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed some exciting developments in the domain of generating images from scene-based text descriptions. These approaches have primarily focused on generating images from a static text description and are limited to generating images in a single pass. They are unable to generate an image interactively based on an incrementally additive text description (something that is more intuitive and similar to the way we describe an image). We propose a method to generate an image incrementally based on a sequence of graphs of scene descriptions (scene-graphs). We propose a recurrent network architecture that preserves the image content generated in previous steps and modifies the cumulative image as per the newly provided scene information. Our model utilizes Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN) to cater to variable-sized scene graphs along with Generative Adversarial image translation networks to generate realistic multi-object images without needing any intermediate supervision during training. We experiment with Coco-Stuff dataset which has multi-object images along with annotations describing the visual scene and show that our model significantly outperforms other approaches on the same dataset in generating visually consistent images for incrementally growing scene graphs. 
### 3.Show, Price and Negotiate: A Hierarchical Attention Recurrent Visual Negotiator  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03721.pdf)
>  Negotiation, as a seller or buyer, is an essential and complicated aspect of online shopping. It is challenging for an intelligent agent because it requires (1) extracting and utilising information from multiple sources (e.g. photos, texts, and numerals), (2) predicting a suitable price for the products to reach the best possible agreement, (3) expressing the intention conditioned on the price in a natural language and (4) consistent pricing. Conventional dialog systems do not address these problems well. For example, we believe that the price should be the driving factor for the negotiation and understood by the agent. But conventionally, the price was simply treated as a word token i.e. being part of a sentence and sharing the same word embedding space with other words. To that end, we propose our Visual Negotiator that comprises of an end-to-end deep learning model that anticipates an initial agreement price and updates it while generating compelling supporting dialog. For (1), our visual negotiator utilises attention mechanism to extract relevant information from the images and textual description, and feeds the price (and later refined price) as separate important input to several stages of the system, instead of simply being part of a sentence; For (2), we use the attention to learn a price embedding to estimate an initial value; Subsequently, for (3) we generate the supporting dialog in an encoder-decoder fashion that utilises the price embedding. Further, we use a hierarchical recurrent model that learns to refine the price at one level while generating the supporting dialog in another; For (4), this hierarchical model provides consistent pricing. Empirically, we show that our model significantly improves negotiation on the CraigslistBargain dataset, in terms of the agreement price, price consistency, and the language quality. 
### 4.Fully Parallel Architecture for Semi-global Stereo Matching with Refined Rank Method  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03716.pdf)
>  Fully parallel architecture at disparity-level for efficient semi-global matching (SGM) with refined rank method is presented. The improved SGM algorithm is implemented with the non-parametric unified rank model which is the combination of Rank filter/AD and Rank SAD. Rank SAD is a novel definition by introducing the constraints of local image structure into the rank method. As a result, the unified rank model with Rank SAD can make up for the defects of Rank filter/AD. Experimental results show both excellent subjective quality and objective performance of the refined SGM algorithm. The fully parallel construction for hardware implementation of SGM is architected with reasonable strategies at disparity-level. The parallelism of the data-stream allows proper throughput for specific applications with acceptable maximum frequency. The results of RTL emulation and synthesis ensure that the proposed parallel architecture is suitable for VLSI implementation. 
### 5.Tuned Inception V3 for Recognizing States of Cooking Ingredients  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03715.pdf)
>  Cooking is a task that must be performed in a daily basis, and thus it is an activity that many people take for granted. For humans preparing a meal comes naturally, but for robots even preparing a simple sandwich results in an extremely difficult task. In robotics, designing kitchen robots is complicated since cooking relies on a variety of physical interactions that are dependent on different conditions such as changes in the environment, proper execution of sequential instructions, along with motions, and detection of the different states in which cooking-ingredients can be in for their correct grasping and manipulation. In this paper, we focus on the challenge of state recognition and propose a fine tuned convolutional neural network that makes use of transfer learning by reusing the Inception V3 pre-trained model. The model is trained and validated on a cooking dataset consisting of eleven states (e.g. peeled, diced, whole, etc.). The work presented on this paper could provide insight into finding a potential solution to the problem. 
### 6.Processing Megapixel Images with Deep Attention-Sampling Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03711.pdf)
>  Existing deep architectures cannot operate on very large signals such as megapixel images due to computational and memory constraints. To tackle this limitation, we propose a fully differentiable end-to-end trainable model that samples and processes only a fraction of the full resolution input image. <br>The locations to process are sampled from an attention distribution computed from a low resolution view of the input. We refer to our method as attention sampling and it can process images of several megapixels with a standard single GPU setup. <br>We show that sampling from the attention distribution results in an unbiased estimator of the full model with minimal variance, and we derive an unbiased estimator of the gradient that we use to train our model end-to-end with a normal SGD procedure. <br>This new method is evaluated on three classification tasks, where we show that it allows to reduce computation and memory footprint by an order of magnitude for the same accuracy as classical architectures. We also show the consistency of the sampling that indeed focuses on informative parts of the input images. 
### 7.Bilinear discriminant feature line analysis for image feature extraction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03710.pdf)
>  A novel bilinear discriminant feature line analysis (BDFLA) is proposed for image feature extraction. The nearest feature line (NFL) is a powerful classifier. Some NFL-based subspace algorithms were introduced recently. In most of the classical NFL-based subspace learning approaches, the input samples are vectors. For image classification tasks, the image samples should be transformed to vectors first. This process induces a high computational complexity and may also lead to loss of the geometric feature of samples. The proposed BDFLA is a matrix-based algorithm. It aims to minimise the within-class scatter and maximise the between-class scatter based on a two-dimensional (2D) NFL. Experimental results on two-image databases confirm the effectiveness. 
### 8.Visualizing the Consequences of Climate Change Using Cycle-Consistent Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03709.pdf)
>  We present a project that aims to generate images that depict accurate, vivid, and personalized outcomes of climate change using Cycle-Consistent Adversarial Networks (CycleGANs). By training our CycleGAN model on street-view images of houses before and after extreme weather events (e.g. floods, forest fires, etc.), we learn a mapping that can then be applied to images of locations that have not yet experienced these events. This visual transformation is paired with climate model predictions to assess likelihood and type of climate-related events in the long term (50 years) in order to bring the future closer in the viewers mind. The eventual goal of our project is to enable individuals to make more informed choices about their climate future by creating a more visceral understanding of the effects of climate change, while maintaining scientific credibility by drawing on climate model projections. 
### 9.Machine Vision in the Context of Robotics: A Systematic Literature Review  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03708.pdf)
>  Machine vision is critical to robotics due to a wide range of applications which rely on input from visual sensors such as autonomous mobile robots and smart production systems. To create the smart homes and systems of tomorrow, an overview about current challenges in the research field would be of use to identify further possible directions, created in a systematic and reproducible manner. In this work a systematic literature review was conducted covering research from the last 10 years. We screened 172 papers from four databases and selected 52 relevant papers. While robustness and computation time were improved greatly, occlusion and lighting variance are still the biggest problems faced. From the number of recent publications, we conclude that the observed field is of relevance and interest to the research community. Further challenges arise in many areas of the field. 
### 10.Human Activity Recognition Using Visual Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03707.pdf)
>  Visual Human Activity Recognition (HAR) and data fusion with other sensors can help us at tracking the behavior and activity of underground miners with little obstruction. Existing models, such as Single Shot Detector (SSD), trained on the Common Objects in Context (COCO) dataset is used in this paper to detect the current state of a miner, such as an injured miner vs a non-injured miner. Tensorflow is used for the abstraction layer of implementing machine learning algorithms, and although it uses Python to deal with nodes and tensors, the actual algorithms run on C++ libraries, providing a good balance between performance and speed of development. The paper further discusses evaluation methods for determining the accuracy of the machine-learning and an approach to increase the accuracy of the detected activity/state of people in a mining environment, by means of data fusion. 
### 11.Accurate Visual Localization for Automotive Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03706.pdf)
>  Accurate vehicle localization is a crucial step towards building effective Vehicle-to-Vehicle networks and automotive applications. Yet standard grade GPS data, such as that provided by mobile phones, is often noisy and exhibits significant localization errors in many urban areas. Approaches for accurate localization from imagery often rely on structure-based techniques, and thus are limited in scale and are expensive to compute. In this paper, we present a scalable visual localization approach geared for real-time performance. We propose a hybrid coarse-to-fine approach that leverages visual and GPS location cues. Our solution uses a self-supervised approach to learn a compact road image representation. This representation enables efficient visual retrieval and provides coarse localization cues, which are fused with vehicle ego-motion to obtain high accuracy location estimates. As a benchmark to evaluate the performance of our visual localization approach, we introduce a new large-scale driving dataset based on video and GPS data obtained from a large-scale network of connected dash-cams. Our experiments confirm that our approach is highly effective in challenging urban environments, reducing localization error by an order of magnitude. 
### 12.A note on 'A fully parallel 3D thinning algorithm and its applications'  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03705.pdf)
>  A 3D thinning algorithm erodes a 3D binary image layer by layer to extract the skeletons. This paper presents a correction to Ma and Sonka's thinning algorithm, A fully parallel 3D thinning algorithm and its applications, which fails to preserve connectivity of 3D objects. We start with Ma and Sonka's algorithm and examine its verification of connectivity preservation. Our analysis leads to a group of different deleting templates, which can preserve connectivity of 3D objects. 
### 13.Agnostic Lane Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03704.pdf)
>  Lane detection is an important yet challenging task in autonomous driving, which is affected by many factors, e.g., light conditions, occlusions caused by other vehicles, irrelevant markings on the road and the inherent long and thin property of lanes. Conventional methods typically treat lane detection as a semantic segmentation task, which assigns a class label to each pixel of the image. This formulation heavily depends on the assumption that the number of lanes is pre-defined and fixed and no lane changing occurs, which does not always hold. To make the lane detection model applicable to an arbitrary number of lanes and lane changing scenarios, we adopt an instance segmentation approach, which first differentiates lanes and background and then classify each lane pixel into each lane instance. Besides, a multi-task learning paradigm is utilized to better exploit the structural information and the feature pyramid architecture is used to detect extremely thin lanes. Three popular lane detection benchmarks, i.e., TuSimple, CULane and BDD100K, are used to validate the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm. 
### 14.Learning fashion compatibility across apparel categories for outfit recommendation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03703.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of generating recommendations for completing the outfit given that a user is interested in a particular apparel item. The proposed method is based on a siamese network used for feature extraction followed by a fully-connected network used for learning a fashion compatibility metric. The embeddings generated by the siamese network are augmented with color histogram features motivated by the important role that color plays in determining fashion compatibility. The training of the network is formulated as a maximum a posteriori (MAP) problem where Laplacian distributions are assumed for the filters of the siamese network to promote sparsity and matrix-variate normal distributions are assumed for the weights of the metric network to efficiently exploit correlations between the input units of each fully-connected layer. 
### 15.OpenEDS: Open Eye Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03702.pdf)
>  We present a large scale data set, OpenEDS: Open Eye Dataset, of eye-images captured using a virtual-reality (VR) head mounted display mounted with two synchronized eyefacing cameras at a frame rate of 200 Hz under controlled illumination. This dataset is compiled from video capture of the eye-region collected from 152 individual participants and is divided into four subsets: (i) 12,759 images with pixel-level annotations for key eye-regions: iris, pupil and sclera (ii) 252,690 unlabelled eye-images, (iii) 91,200 frames from randomly selected video sequence of 1.5 seconds in duration and (iv) 143 pairs of left and right point cloud data compiled from corneal topography of eye regions collected from a subset, 143 out of 152, participants in the study. A baseline experiment has been evaluated on OpenEDS for the task of semantic segmentation of pupil, iris, sclera and background, with the mean intersectionover-union (mIoU) of 98.3 %. We anticipate that OpenEDS will create opportunities to researchers in the eye tracking community and the broader machine learning and computer vision community to advance the state of eye-tracking for VR applications. The dataset is available for download upon request at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://research.fb.com/programs/openeds-challenge" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 16.Unsupervised automatic classification of Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM) images of CD4+ cells with varying extent of HIV virion infection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03700.pdf)
>  Archiving large sets of medical or cell images in digital libraries may require ordering randomly scattered sets of image data according to specific criteria, such as the spatial extent of a specific local color or contrast content that reveals different meaningful states of a physiological structure, tissue, or cell in a certain order, indicating progression or recession of a pathology, or the progressive response of a cell structure to treatment. Here we used a Self Organized Map (SOM)-based, fully automatic and unsupervised, classification procedure described in our earlier work and applied it to sets of minimally processed grayscale and/or color processed Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM) images of CD4+ T-lymphocytes (so-called helper cells) with varying extent of HIV virion infection. It is shown that the quantization error in the SOM output after training permits to scale the spatial magnitude and the direction of change (+ or -) in local pixel contrast or color across images of a series with a reliability that exceeds that of any human expert. The procedure is easily implemented and fast, and represents a promising step towards low-cost automatic digital image archiving with minimal intervention of a human operator. 
### 17.Alignment-Free Cross-Sensor Fingerprint Matching based on the Co-Occurrence of Ridge Orientations and Gabor-HoG Descriptor  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03699.pdf)
>  The existing automatic fingerprint verification methods are designed to work under the assumption that the same sensor is installed for enrollment and authentication (regular matching). There is a remarkable decrease in efficiency when one type of contact-based sensor is employed for enrolment and another type of contact-based sensor is used for authentication (cross-matching or fingerprint sensor interoperability problem,). The ridge orientation patterns in a fingerprint are invariant to sensor type. Based on this observation, we propose a robust fingerprint descriptor called the co-occurrence of ridge orientations (Co-Ror), which encodes the spatial distribution of ridge orientations. Employing this descriptor, we introduce an efficient automatic fingerprint verification method for cross-matching problem. Further, to enhance the robustness of the method, we incorporate scale based ridge orientation information through Gabor-HoG descriptor. The two descriptors are fused with canonical correlation analysis (CCA), and the matching score between two fingerprints is calculated using city-block distance. The proposed method is alignment-free and can handle the matching process without the need for a registration step. The intensive experiments on two benchmark databases (FingerPass and MOLF) show the effectiveness of the method and reveal its significant enhancement over the state-of-the-art methods such as VeriFinger (a commercial SDK), minutia cylinder-code (MCC), MCC with scale, and the thin-plate spline (TPS) model. The proposed research will help security agencies, service providers and law-enforcement departments to overcome the interoperability problem of contact sensors of different technology and interaction types. 
### 18.Inferring the Importance of Product Appearance: A Step Towards the Screenless Revolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03698.pdf)
>  Nowadays, almost all the online orders were placed through screened devices such as mobile phones, tablets, and computers. With the rapid development of the Internet of Things (IoT) and smart appliances, more and more screenless smart devices, e.g., smart speaker and smart refrigerator, appear in our daily lives. They open up new means of interaction and may provide an excellent opportunity to reach new customers and increase sales. However, not all the items are suitable for screenless shopping, since some items' appearance play an important role in consumer decision making. Typical examples include clothes, dolls, bags, and shoes. In this paper, we aim to infer the significance of every item's appearance in consumer decision making and identify the group of items that are suitable for screenless shopping. Specifically, we formulate the problem as a classification task that predicts if an item's appearance has a significant impact on people's purchase behavior. To solve this problem, we extract features from three different views, namely items' intrinsic properties, items' images, and users' comments, and collect a set of necessary labels via crowdsourcing. We then propose an iterative semi-supervised learning framework with three carefully designed loss functions. We conduct extensive experiments on a real-world transaction dataset collected from the online retail giant <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://JD.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. Experimental results verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 19.On Applying Machine Learning/Object Detection Models for Analysing Digitally Captured Physical Prototypes from Engineering Design Projects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03697.pdf)
>  While computer vision has received increasing attention in computer science over the last decade, there are few efforts in applying this to leverage engineering design research. Existing datasets and technologies allow researchers to capture and access more observations and video files, hence analysis is becoming a limiting factor. Therefore, this paper is investigating the application of machine learning, namely object detection methods to aid in the analysis of physical porotypes. With access to a large dataset of digitally captured physical prototypes from early-stage development projects (5950 images from 850 prototypes), the authors investigate applications that can be used for analysing this dataset. The authors retrained two pre-trained object detection models from two known frameworks, the TensorFlow Object Detection API and Darknet, using custom image sets of images of physical prototypes. As a result, a proof-of-concept of four trained models are presented; two models for detecting samples of wood-based sheet materials and two models for detecting samples containing microcontrollers. All models are evaluated using standard metrics for object detection model performance and the applicability of using object detection models in engineering design research is discussed. Results indicate that the models can successfully classify the type of material and type of pre-made component, respectively. However, more work is needed to fully integrate object detection models in the engineering design analysis workflow. The authors also extrapolate that the use of object detection for analysing images of physical prototypes will substantially reduce the effort required for analysing large datasets in engineering design research. 
### 20.HAWQ: Hessian AWare Quantization of Neural Networks with Mixed-Precision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03696.pdf)
>  Model size and inference speed/power have become a major challenge in the deployment of Neural Networks for many applications. A promising approach to address these problems is quantization. However, uniformly quantizing a model to ultra low precision leads to significant accuracy degradation. A novel solution for this is to use mixed-precision quantization, as some parts of the network may allow lower precision as compared to other layers. However, there is no systematic way to determine the precision of different layers. A brute force approach is not feasible for deep networks, as the search space for mixed-precision is exponential in the number of layers. Another challenge is a similar factorial complexity for determining block-wise fine-tuning order when quantizing the model to a target precision. Here, we introduce Hessian AWare Quantization (HAWQ), a novel second-order quantization method to address these problems. HAWQ allows for the automatic selection of the relative quantization precision of each layer, based on the layer's Hessian spectrum. Moreover, HAWQ provides a deterministic fine-tuning order for quantizing layers, based on second-order information. We show the results of our method on Cifar-10 using ResNet20, and on ImageNet using Inception-V3, ResNet50 and SqueezeNext models. Comparing HAWQ with state-of-the-art shows that we can achieve similar/better accuracy with $8\times$ activation compression ratio on ResNet20, as compared to DNAS~\cite{wu2018mixed}, and up to $1\%$ higher accuracy with up to $14\%$ smaller models on ResNet50 and Inception-V3, compared to recently proposed methods of RVQuant~\cite{park2018value} and HAQ~\cite{wang2018haq}. Furthermore, we show that we can quantize SqueezeNext to just 1MB model size while achieving above $68\%$ top1 accuracy on ImageNet. 
### 21.Measuring similarity between geo-tagged videos using largest common view  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03695.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel problem for discovering the similar trajectories based on the field of view (FoV) of the video data. The problem is important for many societal applications such as grouping moving objects, classifying geo-images, and identifying the interesting trajectory patterns. Prior work consider only either spatial locations or spatial relationship between two line-segments. However, these approaches show a limitation to find the similar moving objects with common views. In this paper, we propose new algorithm that can group both spatial locations and points of view to identify similar trajectories. We also propose novel methods that reduce the computational cost for the proposed work. Experimental results using real-world datasets demonstrates that the proposed approach outperforms prior work and reduces the computational cost. 
### 22.Supervised Online Hashing via Hadamard Codebook Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03694.pdf)
>  In recent years, binary code learning, a.k.a hashing, has received extensive attention in large-scale multimedia retrieval. It aims to encode high-dimensional data points to binary codes, hence the original high-dimensional metric space can be efficiently approximated via Hamming space. However, most existing hashing methods adopted offline batch learning, which is not suitable to handle incremental datasets with streaming data or new instances. In contrast, the robustness of the existing online hashing remains as an open problem, while the embedding of supervised/semantic information hardly boosts the performance of the online hashing, mainly due to the defect of unknown category numbers in supervised learning. In this paper, we proposed an online hashing scheme, termed Hadamard Codebook based Online Hashing (HCOH), which aims to solve the above problems towards robust and supervised online hashing. In particular, we first assign an appropriate high-dimensional binary codes to each class label, which is generated randomly by Hadamard codes to each class label, which is generated randomly by Hadamard codes. Subsequently, LSH is adopted to reduce the length of such Hadamard codes in accordance with the hash bits, which can adapt the predefined binary codes online, and theoretically guarantee the semantic similarity. Finally, we consider the setting of stochastic data acquisition, which facilitates our method to efficiently learn the corresponding hashing functions via stochastic gradient descend (SGD) online. Notably, the proposed HCOH can be embedded with supervised labels and it not limited to a predefined category number. Extensive experiments on three widely-used benchmarks demonstrate the merits of the proposed scheme over the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 23.Improving Image-Based Localization with Deep Learning: The Impact of the Loss Function  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03692.pdf)
>  This work formulates a novel loss term which can be appended to an RGB only image localization network's loss function to improve its performance. A common technique used when regressing a camera's pose from an image is to formulate the loss as a linear combination of positional and rotational error (using tuned hyperparameters as coefficients). In this work we observe that changes to rotation and position mutually affect the captured image, and in order to improve performance, a network's loss function should include a term which combines error in both position and rotation. To that end we design a geometric loss term which considers the similarity between the predicted and ground truth poses using both position and rotation, and use it to augment the existing image localization network PoseNet. The loss term is simply appended to the loss function of the already existing image localization network. We achieve improvements in the localization accuracy of the network for indoor scenes: with decreases of up to 9.64% and 2.99% in the median positional and rotational error when compared to similar pipelines. 
### 24.Deep AutoEncoder-based Lossy Geometry Compression for Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03691.pdf)
>  Point cloud is a fundamental 3D representation which is widely used in real world applications such as autonomous driving. As a newly-developed media format which is characterized by complexity and irregularity, point cloud creates a need for compression algorithms which are more flexible than existing codecs. Recently, autoencoders(AEs) have shown their effectiveness in many visual analysis tasks as well as image compression, which inspires us to employ it in point cloud compression. In this paper, we propose a general autoencoder-based architecture for lossy geometry point cloud compression. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first autoencoder-based geometry compression codec that directly takes point clouds as input rather than voxel grids or collections of images. Compared with handcrafted codecs, this approach adapts much more quickly to previously unseen media contents and media formats, meanwhile achieving competitive performance. Our architecture consists of a pointnet-based encoder, a uniform quantizer, an entropy estimation block and a nonlinear synthesis transformation module. In lossy geometry compression of point cloud, results show that the proposed method outperforms the test model for categories 1 and 3 (TMC13) published by MPEG-3DG group on the 125th meeting, and on average a 73.15\% BD-rate gain is achieved. 
### 25.Forecasting Pedestrian Trajectory with Machine-Annotated Training Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03681.pdf)
>  Reliable anticipation of pedestrian trajectory is imperative for the operation of autonomous vehicles and can significantly enhance the functionality of advanced driver assistance systems. While significant progress has been made in the field of pedestrian detection, forecasting pedestrian trajectories remains a challenging problem due to the unpredictable nature of pedestrians and the huge space of potentially useful features. In this work, we present a deep learning approach for pedestrian trajectory forecasting using a single vehicle-mounted camera. Deep learning models that have revolutionized other areas in computer vision have seen limited application to trajectory forecasting, in part due to the lack of richly annotated training data. We address the lack of training data by introducing a scalable machine annotation scheme that enables our model to be trained using a large dataset without human annotation. In addition, we propose Dynamic Trajectory Predictor (DTP), a model for forecasting pedestrian trajectory up to one second into the future. DTP is trained using both human and machine-annotated data, and anticipates dynamic motion that is not captured by linear models. Experimental evaluation confirms the benefits of the proposed model. 
### 26.What Do Single-view 3D Reconstruction Networks Learn?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03678.pdf)
>  Convolutional networks for single-view object reconstruction have shown impressive performance and have become a popular subject of research. All existing techniques are united by the idea of having an encoder-decoder network that performs non-trivial reasoning about the 3D structure of the output space. In this work, we set up two alternative approaches that perform image classification and retrieval respectively. These simple baselines yield better results than state-of-the-art methods, both qualitatively and quantitatively. We show that encoder-decoder methods are statistically indistinguishable from these baselines, thus indicating that the current state of the art in single-view object reconstruction does not actually perform reconstruction but image classification. We identify aspects of popular experimental procedures that elicit this behavior and discuss ways to improve the current state of research. 
### 27.Learning Loss for Active Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03677.pdf)
>  The performance of deep neural networks improves with more annotated data. The problem is that the budget for annotation is limited. One solution to this is active learning, where a model asks human to annotate data that it perceived as uncertain. A variety of recent methods have been proposed to apply active learning to deep networks but most of them are either designed specific for their target tasks or computationally inefficient for large networks. In this paper, we propose a novel active learning method that is simple but task-agnostic, and works efficiently with the deep networks. We attach a small parametric module, named "loss prediction module," to a target network, and learn it to predict target losses of unlabeled inputs. Then, this module can suggest data that the target model is likely to produce a wrong prediction. This method is task-agnostic as networks are learned from a single loss regardless of target tasks. We rigorously validate our method through image classification, object detection, and human pose estimation, with the recent network architectures. The results demonstrate that our method consistently outperforms the previous methods over the tasks. 
### 28.Seesaw-Net: Convolution Neural Network With Uneven Group Convolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03672.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are interested in boosting the representation capability of convolution neural networks which utilizing the inverted residual structure. Based on the success of Inverted Residual structure[Sandler et al. 2018] and Interleaved Low-Rank Group Convolutions[Sun et al. 2018], we rethink this two pattern of neural network structure, rather than NAS(Neural architecture search) method[Zoph and Le 2017; Pham et al. 2018; Liu et al. 2018b], we introduce uneven point-wise group convolution, which provide a novel search space for designing basic blocks to obtain better trade-off between representation capability and computational cost. Meanwhile, we propose two novel information flow patterns that will enable cross-group information flow for multiple group convolution layers with and without any channel permute/shuffle operation. Dense experiments on image classification task show that our proposed model, named Seesaw-Net, achieves state-of-the-art(SOTA) performance with limited computation and memory cost. Our code will be open-source and available together with pre-trained models. 
### 29.S$^\mathbf{4}$L: Self-Supervised Semi-Supervised Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03670.pdf)
>  This work tackles the problem of semi-supervised learning of image classifiers. Our main insight is that the field of semi-supervised learning can benefit from the quickly advancing field of self-supervised visual representation learning. Unifying these two approaches, we propose the framework of self-supervised semi-supervised learning ($S^4L$) and use it to derive two novel semi-supervised image classification methods. We demonstrate the effectiveness of these methods in comparison to both carefully tuned baselines, and existing semi-supervised learning methods. We then show that $S^4L$ and existing semi-supervised methods can be jointly trained, yielding a new state-of-the-art result on semi-supervised ILSVRC-2012 with 10% of labels. 
### 30.TE141K: Artistic Text Benchmark for Text Effects Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03646.pdf)
>  Text effects are combinations of visual elements such as outlines, colors and textures of text, which can dramatically improve its artistry. Although text effects are extensively utilized in the design industry, they are usually created by human experts due to their extreme complexity, which is laborious and not practical for normal users. In recent years, some efforts have been made for automatic text effects transfer, however, the lack of data limits the capability of transfer models. To address this problem, we introduce a new text effects dataset, TE141K, with 141,081 text effects/glyph pairs in total. Our dataset consists of 152 professionally designed text effects, rendered on glyphs including English letters, Chinese characters, Arabic numerals, etc. To the best of our knowledge, this is the largest dataset for text effects transfer as far. Based on this dataset, we propose a baseline approach named Text Effects Transfer GAN (TET-GAN), which supports the transfer of all 152 styles in one model and can efficiently extend to new styles. Finally, we conduct a comprehensive comparison where 14 style transfer models are benchmarked. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of TET-GAN both qualitatively and quantitatively, and indicate that our dataset is effective and challenging. 
### 31.Liver Lesion Segmentation with slice-wise 2D Tiramisu and Tversky loss function  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03639.pdf)
>  At present, lesion segmentation is still performed manually (or semi-automatically) by medical experts. To facilitate this process, we contribute a fully-automatic lesion segmentation pipeline. This work proposes a method as a part of the LiTS (Liver Tumor Segmentation Challenge) competition for ISBI 17 and MICCAI 17 comparing methods for automatics egmentation of liver lesions in CT scans. By utilizing cascaded, densely connected 2D U-Nets and a Tversky-coefficient based loss function, our framework achieves very good shape extractions with high detection sensitivity, with competitive scores at time of publication. In addition, adjusting hyperparameters in our Tversky-loss allows to tune the network towards higher sensitivity or robustness. 
### 32.Intra-frame Object Tracking by Deblatting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03633.pdf)
>  Objects moving at high speed along complex trajectories often appear in videos, especially videos of sports. Such objects elapse non-negligible distance during exposure time of a single frame and therefore their position in the frame is not well defined. They appear as semi-transparent streaks due to the motion blur and cannot be reliably tracked by standard trackers. We propose a novel approach called Tracking by Deblatting based on the observation that motion blur is directly related to the intra-frame trajectory of an object. Blur is estimated by solving two intertwined inverse problems, blind deblurring and image matting, which we call deblatting. The trajectory is then estimated by fitting a piecewise quadratic curve, which models physically justifiable trajectories. As a result, tracked objects are precisely localized with higher temporal resolution than by conventional trackers. The proposed TbD tracker was evaluated on a newly created dataset of videos with ground truth obtained by a high-speed camera using a novel Trajectory-IoU metric that generalizes the traditional Intersection over Union and measures the accuracy of the intra-frame trajectory. The proposed method outperforms baseline both in recall and trajectory accuracy. 
### 33.Fast and Efficient Zero-Learning Image Fusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03590.pdf)
>  We propose a real-time image fusion method using pre-trained neural networks. Our method generates a single image containing features from multiple sources. We first decompose images into a base layer representing large scale intensity variations, and a detail layer containing small scale changes. We use visual saliency to fuse the base layers, and deep feature maps extracted from a pre-trained neural network to fuse the detail layers. We conduct ablation studies to analyze our method's parameters such as decomposition filters, weight construction methods, and network depth and architecture. Then, we validate its effectiveness and speed on thermal, medical, and multi-focus fusion. We also apply it to multiple image inputs such as multi-exposure sequences. The experimental results demonstrate that our technique achieves state-of-the-art performance in visual quality, objective assessment, and runtime efficiency. 
### 34.Learning Representations for Predicting Future Activities  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03578.pdf)
>  Foreseeing the future is one of the key factors of intelligence. It involves understanding of the past and current environment as well as decent experience of its possible dynamics. In this work, we address future prediction at the abstract level of activities. We propose a network module for learning embeddings of the environment's dynamics in a self-supervised way. To take the ambiguities and high variances in the future activities into account, we use a multi-hypotheses scheme that can represent multiple futures. We demonstrate the approach by classifying future activities on the Epic-Kitchens and Breakfast datasets. Moreover, we generate captions that describe the future activities 
### 35.Feature Extraction and Classification Based on Spatial-Spectral ConvLSTM Neural Network for Hyperspectral Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03577.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning has presented a great advance in hyperspectral image (HSI) classification. Particularly, Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), as a special deep learning structure, has shown great ability in modeling long-term dependencies in the time dimension of video or the spectral dimension of HSIs. However, the loss of spatial information makes it quite difficult to obtain the better performance. In order to address this problem, two novel deep models are proposed to extract more discriminative spatial-spectral features by exploiting the Convolutional LSTM (ConvLSTM) for the first time. By taking the data patch in a local sliding window as the input of each memory cell band by band, the 2-D extended architecture of LSTM is considered for building the spatial-spectral ConvLSTM 2-D Neural Network (SSCL2DNN) to model long-range dependencies in the spectral domain. To take advantage of spatial and spectral information more effectively for extracting a more discriminative spatial-spectral feature representation, the spatial-spectral ConvLSTM 3-D Neural Network (SSCL3DNN) is further proposed by extending LSTM to 3-D version. The experiments, conducted on three commonly used HSI data sets, demonstrate that the proposed deep models have certain competitive advantages and can provide better classification performance than other state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 36.D2-Net: A Trainable CNN for Joint Detection and Description of Local Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03561.pdf)
>  In this work we address the problem of finding reliable pixel-level correspondences under difficult imaging conditions. We propose an approach where a single convolutional neural network plays a dual role: It is simultaneously a dense feature descriptor and a feature detector. By postponing the detection to a later stage, the obtained keypoints are more stable than their traditional counterparts based on early detection of low-level structures. We show that this model can be trained using pixel correspondences extracted from readily available large-scale SfM reconstructions, without any further annotations. The proposed method obtains state-of-the-art performance on both the difficult Aachen Day-Night localization dataset and the InLoc indoor localization benchmark, as well as competitive performance on other benchmarks for image matching and 3D reconstruction. 
### 37.Cycle-IR: Deep Cyclic Image Retargeting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03556.pdf)
>  Supervised deep learning techniques have achieved great success in various fields due to getting rid of the limitation of handcrafted representations. However, most previous image retargeting algorithms still employ fixed design principles such as using gradient map or handcrafted features to compute saliency map, which inevitably restricts its generality. Deep learning techniques may help to address this issue, but the challenging problem is that we need to build a large-scale image retargeting dataset for the training of deep retargeting models. However, building such a dataset requires huge human efforts. <br>In this paper, we propose a novel deep cyclic image retargeting approach, called Cycle-IR, to firstly implement image retargeting with a single deep model, without relying on any explicit user annotations. Our idea is built on the reverse mapping from the retargeted images to the given input images. If the retargeted image has serious distortion or excessive loss of important visual information, the reverse mapping is unlikely to restore the input image well. We constrain this forward-reverse consistency by introducing a cyclic perception coherence loss. In addition, we propose a simple yet effective image retargeting network (IRNet) to implement the image retargeting process. Our IRNet contains a spatial and channel attention layer, which is able to discriminate visually important regions of input images effectively, especially in cluttered images. Given arbitrary sizes of input images and desired aspect ratios, our Cycle-IR can produce visually pleasing target images directly. Extensive experiments on the standard RetargetMe dataset show the superiority of our Cycle-IR. In addition, our Cycle-IR outperforms the Multiop method and obtains the best result in the user study. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mintanwei/Cycle-IR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 38.Embedding Human Knowledge in Deep Neural Network via Attention Map  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03540.pdf)
>  Human-in-the-loop (HITL), which introduces human knowledge to machine learning, has been used in fine-grained recognition to estimate categories from the difference of local features. The conventional HITL approach has been successfully applied in non-deep machine learning, but it is difficult to use it with deep learning due to the enormous number of model parameters. To tackle this problem, in this paper, we propose using the Attention Branch Network (ABN) which is a visual explanation model. ABN applies an attention map for visual explanation to an attention mechanism. First, we manually modify the attention map obtained from ABN on the basis of human knowledge. Then, we use the modified attention map to an attention mechanism that enables ABN to adjust the recognition score. Second, for applying HITL to deep learning, we propose a fine-tuning approach that uses the modified attention map. Our fine-tuning updates the attention and perception branches of the ABN by using the training loss calculated from the attention map output from the ABN along with the modified attention map. This fine-tuning enables the ABN to output an attention map corresponding to human knowledge. Additionally, we use the updated attention map with its embedded human knowledge as an attention mechanism and inference at the perception branch, which improves the performance of ABN. Experimental results with the ImageNet dataset, CUB-200-2010 dataset, and IDRiD demonstrate that our approach clarifies the attention map in terms of visual explanation and improves the classification performance. 
### 39.Grand Challenge of 106-Point Facial Landmark Localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03469.pdf)
>  Facial landmark localization is a very crucial step in numerous face related applications, such as face recognition, facial pose estimation, face image synthesis, etc. However, previous competitions on facial landmark localization (i.e., the 300-W, 300-VW and Menpo challenges) aim to predict 68-point landmarks, which are incompetent to depict the structure of facial components. In order to overcome this problem, we construct a challenging dataset, named JD-landmark. Each image is manually annotated with 106-point landmarks. This dataset covers large variations on pose and expression, which brings a lot of difficulties to predict accurate landmarks. We hold a 106-point facial landmark localization competition1 on this dataset in conjunction with IEEE International Conference on Multimedia and Expo (ICME) 2019. The purpose of this competition is to discover effective and robust facial landmark localization approaches. 
### 40.Multi-Person Pose Estimation with Enhanced Channel-wise and Spatial Information  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03466.pdf)
>  Multi-person pose estimation is an important but challenging problem in computer vision. Although current approaches have achieved significant progress by fusing the multi-scale feature maps, they pay little attention to enhancing the channel-wise and spatial information of the feature maps. In this paper, we propose two novel modules to perform the enhancement of the information for the multi-person pose estimation. First, a Channel Shuffle Module (CSM) is proposed to adopt the channel shuffle operation on the feature maps with different levels, promoting cross-channel information communication among the pyramid feature maps. Second, a Spatial, Channel-wise Attention Residual Bottleneck (SCARB) is designed to boost the original residual unit with attention mechanism, adaptively highlighting the information of the feature maps both in the spatial and channel-wise context. The effectiveness of our proposed modules is evaluated on the COCO keypoint benchmark, and experimental results show that our approach achieves the state-of-the-art results. 
### 41.DistillHash: Unsupervised Deep Hashing by Distilling Data Pairs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03465.pdf)
>  Due to the high storage and search efficiency, hashing has become prevalent for large-scale similarity search. Particularly, deep hashing methods have greatly improved the search performance under supervised scenarios. In contrast, unsupervised deep hashing models can hardly achieve satisfactory performance due to the lack of reliable supervisory similarity signals. To address this issue, we propose a novel deep unsupervised hashing model, dubbed DistillHash, which can learn a distilled data set consisted of data pairs, which have confidence similarity signals. Specifically, we investigate the relationship between the initial noisy similarity signals learned from local structures and the semantic similarity labels assigned by a Bayes optimal classifier. We show that under a mild assumption, some data pairs, of which labels are consistent with those assigned by the Bayes optimal classifier, can be potentially distilled. Inspired by this fact, we design a simple yet effective strategy to distill data pairs automatically and further adopt a Bayesian learning framework to learn hash functions from the distilled data set. Extensive experimental results on three widely used benchmark datasets show that the proposed DistillHash consistently accomplishes the state-of-the-art search performance. 
### 42.Two-Stage Convolutional Neural Network Architecture for Lung Nodule Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03445.pdf)
>  Early detection of lung cancer is an effective way to improve the survival rate of patients. It is a critical step to have accurate detection of lung nodules in computed tomography (CT) images for the diagnosis of lung cancer. However, due to the heterogeneity of the lung nodules and the complexity of the surrounding environment, robust nodule detection has been a challenging task. In this study, we propose a two-stage convolutional neural network (TSCNN) architecture for lung nodule detection. The CNN architecture in the first stage is based on the improved UNet segmentation network to establish an initial detection of lung nodules. Simultaneously, in order to obtain a high recall rate without introducing excessive false positive nodules, we propose a novel sampling strategy, and use the offline hard mining idea for training and prediction according to the proposed cascaded prediction method. The CNN architecture in the second stage is based on the proposed dual pooling structure, which is built into three 3D CNN classification networks for false positive reduction. Since the network training requires a significant amount of training data, we adopt a data augmentation method based on random mask. Furthermore, we have improved the generalization ability of the false positive reduction model by means of ensemble learning. The proposed method has been experimentally verified on the LUNA dataset. Experimental results show that the proposed TSCNN architecture can obtain competitive detection performance. 
### 43.ROSA: Robust Salient Object Detection against Adversarial Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03434.pdf)
>  Recently salient object detection has witnessed remarkable improvement owing to the deep convolutional neural networks which can harvest powerful features for images. In particular, state-of-the-art salient object detection methods enjoy high accuracy and efficiency from fully convolutional network (FCN) based frameworks which are trained from end to end and predict pixel-wise labels. However, such framework suffers from adversarial attacks which confuse neural networks via adding quasi-imperceptible noises to input images without changing the ground truth annotated by human subjects. To our knowledge, this paper is the first one that mounts successful adversarial attacks on salient object detection models and verifies that adversarial samples are effective on a wide range of existing methods. Furthermore, this paper proposes a novel end-to-end trainable framework to enhance the robustness for arbitrary FCN-based salient object detection models against adversarial attacks. The proposed framework adopts a novel idea that first introduces some new generic noise to destroy adversarial perturbations, and then learns to predict saliency maps for input images with the introduced noise. Specifically, our proposed method consists of a segment-wise shielding component, which preserves boundaries and destroys delicate adversarial noise patterns and a context-aware restoration component, which refines saliency maps through global contrast modeling. Experimental results suggest that our proposed framework improves the performance significantly for state-of-the-art models on a series of datasets. 
### 44.Frustratingly Easy Person Re-Identification: Generalizing Person Re-ID in Practice  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03422.pdf)
>  Contemporary person re-identification (Re-ID) methods usually require access to data from the deployment camera network during training in order to perform well. This is because contemporary Re-ID models trained on one dataset do not generalise to other camera networks due to the domain-shift between datasets. This requirement is often the bottleneck for deploying Re-ID systems in practical security or commercial applications as it may be impossible to collect this data in advance or prohibitively costly to annotate it. This paper alleviates this issue by proposing a simple baseline for domain generalizable~(DG) person re-identification. That is, to learn a Re-ID model from a set of source domains that is suitable for application to unseen datasets out-of-the-box, without any model updating. Specifically, we observe that the domain discrepancy in Re-ID is due to style and content variance across datasets and demonstrate appropriate Instance and Feature Normalization alleviates much of the resulting domain-shift in Deep Re-ID models. Instance Normalization~(IN) in early layers filters out style statistic variations and Feature Normalization~(FN) in deep layers is able to further eliminate disparity in content statistics. Compared to contemporary alternatives, this approach is extremely simple to implement, while being faster to train and test, thus making it an extremely valuable baseline for implementing Re-ID in practice. With a few lines of code, it increases the rank 1 Re-ID accuracy by 11.7\%, 28.9\%, 10.1\% and 6.3\% on the VIPeR, PRID, GRID, and i-LIDS benchmarks respectively. Source code will be made available. 
### 45.Deep Learning Acceleration Techniques for Real Time Mobile Vision Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03418.pdf)
>  Deep Learning (DL) has become a crucial technology for Artificial Intelligence (AI). It is a powerful technique to automatically extract high-level features from complex data which can be exploited for applications such as computer vision, natural language processing, cybersecurity, communications, and so on. For the particular case of computer vision, several algorithms like object detection in real time videos have been proposed and they work well on Desktop GPUs and distributed computing platforms. However these algorithms are still heavy for mobile and embedded visual applications. The rapid spreading of smart portable devices and the emerging 5G network are introducing new smart multimedia applications in mobile environments. As a consequence, the possibility of implementing deep neural networks to mobile environments has attracted a lot of researchers. This paper presents emerging deep learning acceleration techniques that can enable the delivery of real time visual recognition into the hands of end users, anytime and anywhere. 
### 46.PPGNet: Learning Point-Pair Graph for Line Segment Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03415.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel framework to detect line segments in man-made environments. Specifically, we propose to describe junctions, line segments and relationships between them with a simple graph, which is more structured and informative than end-point representation used in existing line segment detection methods. In order to extract a line segment graph from an image, we further introduce the PPGNet, a convolutional neural network that directly infers a graph from an image. We evaluate our method on published benchmarks including York Urban and Wireframe datasets. The results demonstrate that our method achieves satisfactory performance and generalizes well on all the benchmarks. The source code of our work is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/svip-lab/PPGNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 47.A Dual Path ModelWith Adaptive Attention For Vehicle Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03397.pdf)
>  In recent years, attention models have been extensively used for person and vehicle re-identification. Most reidentification methods are designed to focus attention at key-point locations. However, depending on the orientation the contribution of each key-point varies. In this paper, we present a novel dual path adaptive attention model for vehicle re-identification (AAVER). The global appearance path captures macroscopic vehicle features while the orientation conditioned part appearance path learns to capture localized discriminative features by focusing attention to the most informative key-points. Through extensive experimentation, we show that the proposed AAVER method is able to accurately re-identify vehicles in unconstrained scenarios, yielding state of the art results on the challenging dataset VeRi-776. As a byproduct, the proposed system is also able to accurately predict vehicle key-points and shows an improvement of more than 7% over state of the art. 
### 48.Weakly Labeling the Antarctic: The Penguin Colony Case  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03313.pdf)
>  Antarctic penguins are important ecological indicators -- especially in the face of climate change. In this work, we present a deep learning based model for semantic segmentation of Adlie penguin colonies in high-resolution satellite imagery. To train our segmentation models, we take advantage of the Penguin Colony Dataset: a unique dataset with 2044 georeferenced cropped images from 193 Adlie penguin colonies in Antarctica. In the face of a scarcity of pixel-level annotation masks, we propose a weakly-supervised framework to effectively learn a segmentation model from weak labels. We use a classification network to filter out data unsuitable for the segmentation network. This segmentation network is trained with a specific loss function, based on the average activation, to effectively learn from the data with the weakly-annotated labels. Our experiments show that adding weakly-annotated training examples significantly improves segmentation performance, increasing the mean Intersection-over-Union from 42.3 to 60.0% on the Penguin Colony Dataset. 
### 49.Deep Closest Point: Learning Representations for Point Cloud Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03304.pdf)
>  Point cloud registration is a key problem for computer vision applied to robotics, medical imaging, and other applications. This problem involves finding a rigid transformation from one point cloud into another so that they align. Iterative Closest Point (ICP) and its variants provide simple and easily-implemented iterative methods for this task, but these algorithms can converge to spurious local optima. To address local optima and other difficulties in the ICP pipeline, we propose a learning-based method, titled Deep Closest Point (DCP), inspired by recent techniques in computer vision and natural language processing. Our model consists of three parts: a point cloud embedding network, an attention-based module combined with a pointer generation layer, to approximate combinatorial matching, and a differentiable singular value decomposition (SVD) layer to extract the final rigid transformation. We train our model end-to-end on the ModelNet40 dataset and show in several settings that it performs better than ICP, its variants (e.g., Go-ICP, FGR), and the recently-proposed learning-based method PointNetLK. Beyond providing a state-of-the-art registration technique, we evaluate the suitability of our learned features transferred to unseen objects. We also provide preliminary analysis of our learned model to help understand whether domain-specific and/or global features facilitate rigid registration. 
### 50.Advancements in Image Classification using Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03288.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is the state-of-the-art for image classification task. Here we have briefly discussed different components of CNN. In this paper, We have explained different CNN architectures for image classification. Through this paper, we have shown advancements in CNN from LeNet-5 to latest SENet model. We have discussed the model description and training details of each model. We have also drawn a comparison among those models. 
### 51.Handheld Multi-Frame Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03277.pdf)
>  Compared to DSLR cameras, smartphone cameras have smaller sensors, which limits their spatial resolution; smaller apertures, which limits their light gathering ability; and smaller pixels, which reduces their signal-to noise ratio. The use of color filter arrays (CFAs) requires demosaicing, which further degrades resolution. In this paper, we supplant the use of traditional demosaicing in single-frame and burst photography pipelines with a multiframe super-resolution algorithm that creates a complete RGB image directly from a burst of CFA raw images. We harness natural hand tremor, typical in handheld photography, to acquire a burst of raw frames with small offsets. These frames are then aligned and merged to form a single image with red, green, and blue values at every pixel site. This approach, which includes no explicit demosaicing step, serves to both increase image resolution and boost signal to noise ratio. Our algorithm is robust to challenging scene conditions: local motion, occlusion, or scene changes. It runs at 100 milliseconds per 12-megapixel RAW input burst frame on mass-produced mobile phones. Specifically, the algorithm is the basis of the Super-Res Zoom feature, as well as the default merge method in Night Sight mode (whether zooming or not) on Google's flagship phone. 
### 52.The Effect of Network Width on Stochastic Gradient Descent and Generalization: an Empirical Study  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03776.pdf)
>  We investigate how the final parameters found by stochastic gradient descent are influenced by over-parameterization. We generate families of models by increasing the number of channels in a base network, and then perform a large hyper-parameter search to study how the test error depends on learning rate, batch size, and network width. We find that the optimal SGD hyper-parameters are determined by a "normalized noise scale," which is a function of the batch size, learning rate, and initialization conditions. In the absence of batch normalization, the optimal normalized noise scale is directly proportional to width. Wider networks, with their higher optimal noise scale, also achieve higher test accuracy. These observations hold for MLPs, ConvNets, and ResNets, and for two different parameterization schemes ("Standard" and "NTK"). We observe a similar trend with batch normalization for ResNets. Surprisingly, since the largest stable learning rate is bounded, the largest batch size consistent with the optimal normalized noise scale decreases as the width increases. 
### 53.Differentiable Approximation Bridges For Training Networks Containing Non-Differentiable Functions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03658.pdf)
>  Modern neural network training relies on piece-wise (sub-)differentiable functions in order to use backpropation for efficient calculation of gradients. In this work, we introduce a novel method to allow for non-differentiable functions at intermediary layers of deep neural networks. We do so through the introduction of a differentiable approximation bridge (DAB) neural network which provides smooth approximations to the gradient of the non-differentiable function. We present strong empirical results (performing over 600 experiments) in three different domains: unsupervised (image) representation learning, image classification, and sequence sorting to demonstrate that our proposed method improves state of the art performance. We demonstrate that utilizing non-differentiable functions in unsupervised (image) representation learning improves reconstruction quality and posterior linear separability by 10%. We also observe an accuracy improvement of 77% in neural sequence sorting and a 25% improvement against the straight-through estimator [3] in an image classification setting with the sort non-linearity. This work enables the usage of functions that were previously not usable in neural networks. 
### 54.A Novel Adaptive Kernel for the RBF Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03546.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel adaptive kernel for the radial basis function (RBF) neural networks. The proposed kernel adaptively fuses the Euclidean and cosine distance measures to exploit the reciprocating properties of the two. The proposed framework dynamically adapts the weights of the participating kernels using the gradient descent method thereby alleviating the need for predetermined weights. The proposed method is shown to outperform the manual fusion of the kernels on three major problems of estimation namely nonlinear system identification, pattern classification and function approximation. 
### 55.MAP Inference via L2-Sphere Linear Program Reformulation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03433.pdf)
>  Maximum a posteriori (MAP) inference is an important task for graphical models. Due to complex dependencies among variables in realistic model, finding an exact solution for MAP inference is often intractable. Thus, many approximation methods have been developed, among which the linear programming (LP) relaxation based methods show promising performance. However, one major drawback of LP relaxation is that it is possible to give fractional solutions. Instead of presenting a tighter relaxation, in this work we propose a continuous but equivalent reformulation of the original MAP inference problem, called LS-LP. We add the L2-sphere constraint onto the original LP relaxation, leading to an intersected space with the local marginal polytope that is equivalent to the space of all valid integer label configurations. Thus, LS-LP is equivalent to the original MAP inference problem. We propose a perturbed alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) algorithm to optimize the LS-LP problem, by adding a sufficiently small perturbation epsilon onto the objective function and constraints. We prove that the perturbed ADMM algorithm globally converges to the epsilon-Karush-Kuhn-Tucker (epsilon-KKT) point of the LS-LP problem. The convergence rate will also be analyzed. Experiments on several benchmark datasets from Probabilistic Inference Challenge (PIC 2011) and OpenGM 2 show competitive performance of our proposed method against state-of-the-art MAP inference methods. 
### 56.Adversarial Image Translation: Unrestricted Adversarial Examples in Face Recognition Systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03421.pdf)
>  Thanks to recent advances in Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), face recognition systems have achieved high accuracy in classification of a large number of face images. However, recent works demonstrate that DNNs could be vulnerable to adversarial examples and raise concerns about robustness of face recognition systems. In particular adversarial examples that are not restricted to small perturbations could be more serious risks since conventional certified defenses might be ineffective against them. To shed light on the vulnerability of the face recognition systems to this type of adversarial examples, we propose a flexible and efficient method to generate unrestricted adversarial examples using image translation techniques. Our method enables us to translate a source into any desired facial appearance with large perturbations so that target face recognition systems could be deceived. We demonstrate through our experiments that our method achieves about $90\%$ and $30\%$ attack success rates under a white- and black-box setting, respectively. We also illustrate that our generated images are perceptually realistic and maintain personal identity while the perturbations are large enough to defeat certified defenses. 
### 57.Learning to Evolve  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03389.pdf)
>  Evolution and learning are two of the fundamental mechanisms by which life adapts in order to survive and to transcend limitations. These biological phenomena inspired successful computational methods such as evolutionary algorithms and deep learning. Evolution relies on random mutations and on random genetic recombination. Here we show that learning to evolve, i.e. learning to mutate and recombine better than at random, improves the result of evolution in terms of fitness increase per generation and even in terms of attainable fitness. We use deep reinforcement learning to learn to dynamically adjust the strategy of evolutionary algorithms to varying circumstances. Our methods outperform classical evolutionary algorithms on combinatorial and continuous optimization problems. 
