# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 15 May 2019
### 1.Learnable Triangulation of Human Pose  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05754.pdf)
>  We present two novel solutions for multi-view 3D human pose estimation based on new learnable triangulation methods that combine 3D information from multiple 2D views. The first (baseline) solution is a basic differentiable algebraic triangulation with an addition of confidence weights estimated from the input images. The second solution is based on a novel method of volumetric aggregation from intermediate 2D backbone feature maps. The aggregated volume is then refined via 3D convolutions that produce final 3D joint heatmaps and allow modelling a human pose prior. Crucially, both approaches are end-to-end differentiable, which allows us to directly optimize the target metric. We demonstrate transferability of the solutions across datasets and considerably improve the multi-view state of the art on the Human3.6M dataset. Video demonstration, annotations and additional materials will be posted on our project page (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://saic-violet.github.io/learnable-triangulation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>). 
### 2.The Algonauts Project: A Platform for Communication between the Sciences of Biological and Artificial Intelligence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05675.pdf)
>  In the last decade, artificial intelligence (AI) models inspired by the brain have made unprecedented progress in performing real-world perceptual tasks like object classification and speech recognition. Recently, researchers of natural intelligence have begun using those AI models to explore how the brain performs such tasks. These developments suggest that future progress will benefit from increased interaction between disciplines. Here we introduce the Algonauts Project as a structured and quantitative communication channel for interdisciplinary interaction between natural and artificial intelligence researchers. The project's core is an open challenge with a quantitative benchmark whose goal is to account for brain data through computational models. This project has the potential to provide better models of natural intelligence and to gather findings that advance AI. The 2019 Algonauts Project focuses on benchmarking computational models predicting human brain activity when people look at pictures of objects. The 2019 edition of the Algonauts Project is available online: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://algonauts.csail.mit.edu/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 3.Efficient Ladder-style DenseNets for Semantic Segmentation of Large Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05661.pdf)
>  Recent progress of deep image classification models has provided great potential to improve state-of-the-art performance in related computer vision tasks. However, the transition to semantic segmentation is hampered by strict memory limitations of contemporary GPUs. The extent of feature map caching required by convolutional backprop poses significant challenges even for moderately sized Pascal images, while requiring careful architectural considerations when the source resolution is in the megapixel range. To address these concerns, we propose a novel DenseNet-based ladder-style architecture which features high modelling power and a very lean upsampling datapath. We also propose to substantially reduce the extent of feature map caching by exploiting inherent spatial efficiency of the DenseNet feature extractor. The resulting models deliver high performance with fewer parameters than competitive approaches, and allow training at megapixel resolution on commodity hardware. The presented experimental results outperform the state-of-the-art in terms of prediction accuracy and execution speed on Cityscapes, Pascal VOC 2012, CamVid and ROB 2018 datasets. Source code will be released upon publication. 
### 4.Learning 3D Human Body Embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05622.pdf)
>  Although human body shapes vary for different identities with different poses, they can be embedded into a low-dimensional space due to their similarity in structure. Inspired by the recent work on latent representation learning with a deformation-based mesh representation, we propose an autoencoder like network architecture to learn disentangled shape and pose embedding specifically for 3D human body. We also integrate a coarse-to-fine reconstruction pipeline into the disentangling process to improve the reconstruction accuracy. Moreover, we construct a large dataset of human body models with consistent topology for the learning of neural network. Our learned embedding can achieve not only superior reconstruction accuracy but also provide great flexibilities in 3D human body creations via interpolation, bilateral interpolation and latent space sampling, which is confirmed by extensive experiments. The constructed dataset and trained model will be made publicly available. 
### 5.Monocular 3D Object Detection via Geometric Reasoning on Keypoints  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05618.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D object detection is well-known to be a challenging vision task due to the loss of depth information; attempts to recover depth using separate image-only approaches lead to unstable and noisy depth estimates, harming 3D detections. In this paper, we propose a novel keypoint-based approach for 3D object detection and localization from a single RGB image. We build our multi-branch model around 2D keypoint detection in images and complement it with a conceptually simple geometric reasoning method. Our network performs in an end-to-end manner, simultaneously and interdependently estimating 2D characteristics, such as 2D bounding boxes, keypoints, and orientation, along with full 3D pose in the scene. We fuse the outputs of distinct branches, applying a reprojection consistency loss during training. The experimental evaluation on the challenging KITTI dataset benchmark demonstrates that our network achieves state-of-the-art results among other monocular 3D detectors. 
### 6.American Sign Language Alphabet Recognition using Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05487.pdf)
>  Tremendous headway has been made in the field of 3D hand pose estimation but the 3D depth cameras are usually inaccessible. We propose a model to recognize American Sign Language alphabet from RGB images. Images for the training were resized and pre-processed before training the Deep Neural Network. The model was trained on a squeezenet architecture to make it capable of running on mobile devices with an accuracy of 83.29%. 
### 7.An Improved Self-supervised GAN via Adversarial Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05469.pdf)
>  We propose to improve unconditional Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) by training the self-supervised learning with the adversarial process. In particular, we apply self-supervised learning via the geometric transformation on input images and assign the pseudo-labels to these transformed images. (i) In addition to the GAN task, which distinguishes data (real) versus generated (fake) samples, we train the discriminator to predict the correct pseudo-labels of real transformed samples (classification task). Importantly, we find out that simultaneously training the discriminator to classify the fake class from the pseudo-classes of real samples for the classification task will improve the discriminator and subsequently lead better guides to train generator. (ii) The generator is trained by attempting to confuse the discriminator for not only the GAN task but also the classification task. For the classification task, the generator tries to confuse the discriminator recognizing the transformation of its output as one of the real transformed classes. Especially, we exploit that when the generator creates samples that result in a similar loss (via cross-entropy) as that of the real ones, the training is more stable and the generator distribution tends to match better the data distribution. When integrating our techniques into a state-of-the-art Auto-Encoder (AE) based-GAN model, they help to significantly boost the model's performance and also establish new state-of-the-art Fréchet Inception Distance (FID) scores in the literature of unconditional GAN for CIFAR-10 and STL-10 datasets. 
### 8.Transition Subspace Learning based Least Squares Regression for Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05445.pdf)
>  Only learning one projection matrix from original samples to the corresponding binary labels is too strict and will consequentlly lose some intrinsic geometric structures of data. In this paper, we propose a novel transition subspace learning based least squares regression (TSL-LSR) model for multicategory image classification. The main idea of TSL-LSR is to learn a transition subspace between the original samples and binary labels to alleviate the problem of overfitting caused by strict projection learning. Moreover, in order to reflect the underlying low-rank structure of transition matrix and learn more discriminative projection matrix, a low-rank constraint is added to the transition subspace. Experimental results on several image datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed TSL-LSR model in comparison with state-of-the-art algorithms 
### 9.LSANet: Feature Learning on Point Sets by Local Spatial Attention  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05442.pdf)
>  Directly learning features from the point cloud has become an active research direction in 3D understanding. Existing learning-based methods usually construct local regions from the point cloud and extract the corresponding features using shared Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) and max pooling. However, most of these processes do not adequately take the spatial distribution of the point cloud into account, limiting the ability to perceive fine-grained patterns. We design a novel Local Spatial Attention (LSA) module to adaptively generate attention maps according to the spatial distribution of local regions. The feature learning process which integrates with these attention maps can effectively capture the local geometric structure. We further propose the Spatial Feature Extractor (SFE), which constructs a branch architecture, to aggregate the spatial information with associated features in each layer of the network better.The experiments show that our network, named LSANet, can achieve on par or better performance than the state-of-the-art methods when evaluating on the challenging benchmark datasets. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LinZhuoChen/LSANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Panoramic Annular Localizer: Tackling the Variation Challenges of Outdoor Localization Using Panoramic Annular Images and Active Deep Descriptors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05425.pdf)
>  Visual localization is an attractive problem that estimates the camera localization from database images based on the query image. It is a crucial task for various applications, such as autonomous vehicles, assistive navigation and augmented reality. The challenging issues of the task lie in various appearance variations between query and database images, including illumination variations, season variations, dynamic object variations and viewpoint variations. In order to tackle those challenges, Panoramic Annular Localizer into which panoramic annular lens and robust deep image descriptors are incorporated is proposed in this paper. The panoramic annular images captured by the single camera are processed and fed into the NetVLAD network to form the active deep descriptor, and sequential matching is utilized to generate the localization result. The experiments carried on the public datasets and in the field illustrate the validation of the proposed system. 
### 11.Expression Conditional GAN for Facial Expression-to-Expression Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05416.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the facial expression translation task and propose a novel Expression Conditional GAN (ECGAN) which can learn the mapping from one image domain to another one based on an additional expression attribute. The proposed ECGAN is a generic framework and is applicable to different expression generation tasks where specific facial expression can be easily controlled by the conditional attribute label. Besides, we introduce a novel face mask loss to reduce the influence of background changing. Moreover, we propose an entire framework for facial expression generation and recognition in the wild, which consists of two modules, i.e., generation and recognition. Finally, we evaluate our framework on several public face datasets in which the subjects have different races, illumination, occlusion, pose, color, content and background conditions. Even though these datasets are very diverse, both the qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate that our approach is able to generate facial expressions accurately and robustly. 
### 12.Plug-and-Play Methods Provably Converge with Properly Trained Denoisers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05406.pdf)
>  Plug-and-play (PnP) is a non-convex framework that integrates modern denoising priors, such as BM3D or deep learning-based denoisers, into ADMM or other proximal algorithms. An advantage of PnP is that one can use pre-trained denoisers when there is not sufficient data for end-to-end training. Although PnP has been recently studied extensively with great empirical success, theoretical analysis addressing even the most basic question of convergence has been insufficient. In this paper, we theoretically establish convergence of PnP-FBS and PnP-ADMM, without using diminishing stepsizes, under a certain Lipschitz condition on the denoisers. We then propose real spectral normalization, a technique for training deep learning-based denoisers to satisfy the proposed Lipschitz condition. Finally, we present experimental results validating the theory. 
### 13.An Effective Two-Branch Model-Based Deep Network for Single Image Deraining  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05404.pdf)
>  Removing rain effects from an image automatically has many applications such as autonomous driving, drone piloting and photo editing and still draws the attention of many people. Traditional methods use heuristics to handcraft various priors to remove or separate the rain effects from an image. Recently end-to-end deep learning based deraining methods have been proposed to offer more flexibility and effectiveness. However, they tend not to obtain good visual effect when encountered images with heavy rain. Heavy rain brings not only rain streaks but also haze-like effect which is caused by the accumulation of tiny raindrops. Different from previous deraining methods, in this paper we model rainy images with a new rain model to remove not only rain streaks but also haze-like effect. Guided by our model, we design a two-branch network to learn its parameters. Then, an SPP structure is jointly trained to refine the results of our model to control the degree of removing the haze-like effect flexibly. Besides, a subnetwork which can localize the rainy pixels is proposed to guide the training of our network. Extensive experiments on several datasets show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art in both objectives assessments and visual quality. 
### 14.Diversify and Match: A Domain Adaptive Representation Learning Paradigm for Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05396.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel unsupervised domain adaptation approach for object detection. We aim to alleviate the imperfect translation problem of pixel-level adaptations, and the source-biased discriminativity problem of feature-level adaptations simultaneously. Our approach is composed of two stages, i.e., Domain Diversification (DD) and Multi-domain-invariant Representation Learning (MRL). At the DD stage, we diversify the distribution of the labeled data by generating various distinctive shifted domains from the source domain. At the MRL stage, we apply adversarial learning with a multi-domain discriminator to encourage feature to be indistinguishable among the domains. DD addresses the source-biased discriminativity, while MRL mitigates the imperfect image translation. We construct a structured domain adaptation framework for our learning paradigm and introduce a practical way of DD for implementation. Our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin of 3%~11% in terms of mean average precision (mAP) on various datasets. 
### 15.Population Based Augmentation: Efficient Learning of Augmentation Policy Schedules  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05393.pdf)
>  A key challenge in leveraging data augmentation for neural network training is choosing an effective augmentation policy from a large search space of candidate operations. Properly chosen augmentation policies can lead to significant generalization improvements; however, state-of-the-art approaches such as AutoAugment are computationally infeasible to run for the ordinary user. In this paper, we introduce a new data augmentation algorithm, Population Based Augmentation (PBA), which generates nonstationary augmentation policy schedules instead of a fixed augmentation policy. We show that PBA can match the performance of AutoAugment on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and SVHN, with three orders of magnitude less overall compute. On CIFAR-10 we achieve a mean test error of 1.46%, which is a slight improvement upon the current state-of-the-art. The code for PBA is open source and is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/arcelien/pba" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 16.Domain Adaptive Person Re-Identification via Camera Style Generation and Label Propagation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05382.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation in person re-identification resorts to labeled source data to promote the model training on target domain, facing the dilemmas caused by large domain shift and large camera variations. The non-overlapping labels challenge that source domain and target domain have entirely different persons further increases the re-identification difficulty. In this paper, we propose a novel algorithm to narrow such domain gaps. We derive a camera style adaptation framework to learn the style-based mappings between different camera views, from the target domain to the source domain, and then we can transfer the identity-based distribution from the source domain to the target domain on the camera level. To overcome the non-overlapping labels challenge and guide the person re-identification model to narrow the gap further, an efficient and effective soft-labeling method is proposed to mine the intrinsic local structure of the target domain through building the connection between GAN-translated source domain and the target domain. Experiment results conducted on real benchmark datasets indicate that our method gets state-of-the-art results. 
### 17.End to End Recognition System for Recognizing Offline Unconstrained Vietnamese Handwriting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05381.pdf)
>  Inspired by recent successes in neural machine translation and image caption generation, we present an attention based encoder decoder model (AED) to recognize Vietnamese Handwritten Text. The model composes of two parts: a DenseNet for extracting invariant features, and a Long Short-Term Memory network (LSTM) with an attention model incorporated for generating output text (LSTM decoder), which are connected from the CNN part to the attention model. The input of the CNN part is a handwritten text image and the target of the LSTM decoder is the corresponding text of the input image. Our model is trained end-to-end to predict the text from a given input image since all the parts are differential components. In the experiment section, we evaluate our proposed AED model on the VNOnDB-Word and VNOnDB-Line datasets to verify its efficiency. The experiential results show that our model achieves 12.30% of word error rate without using any language model. This result is competitive with the handwriting recognition system provided by Google in the Vietnamese Online Handwritten Text Recognition competition. 
### 18.A human-inspired recognition system for premodern Japanese historical documents  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05377.pdf)
>  Recognition of historical documents is a challenging problem due to the noised, damaged characters and background. However, in Japanese historical documents, not only contains the mentioned problems, pre-modern Japanese characters were written in cursive and are connected. Therefore, character segmentation based methods do not work well. This leads to the idea of creating a new recognition system. In this paper, we propose a human-inspired document reading system to recognize multiple lines of premodern Japanese historical documents. During the reading, people employ eyes movement to determine the start of a text line. Then, they move the eyes from the current character/word to the next character/word. They can also determine the end of a line or skip a figure to move to the next line. The eyes movement integrates with visual processing to operate the reading process in the brain. We employ attention-based encoder-decoder to implement this recognition system. First, the recognition system detects where to start a text line. Second, the system scans and recognize character by character until the text line is completed. Then, the system continues to detect the start of the next text line. This process is repeated until reading the whole document. We tested our human-inspired recognition system on the pre-modern Japanese historical document provide by the PRMU Kuzushiji competition. The results of the experiments demonstrate the superiority and effectiveness of our proposed system by achieving Sequence Error Rate of 9.87% and 53.81% on level 2 and level 3 of the dataset, respectively. These results outperform to any other systems participated in the PRMU Kuzushiji competition. 
### 19.Image quality assessment for determining efficacy and limitations of Super-Resolution Convolutional Neural Network (SRCNN)  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05373.pdf)
>  Traditional metrics for evaluating the efficacy of image processing techniques do not lend themselves to understanding the capabilities and limitations of modern image processing methods - particularly those enabled by deep learning. When applying image processing in engineering solutions, a scientist or engineer has a need to justify their design decisions with clear metrics. By applying blind/referenceless image spatial quality (BRISQUE), Structural SIMilarity (SSIM) index scores, and Peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) to images before and after image processing, we can quantify quality improvements in a meaningful way and determine the lowest recoverable image quality for a given method. 
### 20.A Context-and-Spatial Aware Network for Multi-Person Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05355.pdf)
>  Multi-person pose estimation is a fundamental yet challenging task in computer vision. Both rich context information and spatial information are required to precisely locate the keypoints for all persons in an image. In this paper, a novel Context-and-Spatial Aware Network (CSANet), which integrates both a Context Aware Path and Spatial Aware Path, is proposed to obtain effective features involving both context information and spatial information. Specifically, we design a Context Aware Path with structure supervision strategy and spatial pyramid pooling strategy to enhance the context information. Meanwhile, a Spatial Aware Path is proposed to preserve the spatial information, which also shortens the information propagation path from low-level features to high-level features. On top of these two paths, we employ a Heavy Head Path to further combine and enhance the features effectively. Experimentally, our proposed network outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the COCO keypoint benchmark, which verifies the effectiveness of our method and further corroborates the above proposition. 
### 21.Listwise View Ranking for Image Cropping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05352.pdf)
>  Rank-based Learning with deep neural network has been widely used for image cropping. However, the performance of ranking-based methods is often poor and this is mainly due to two reasons: 1) image cropping is a listwise ranking task rather than pairwise comparison; 2) the rescaling caused by pooling layer and the deformation in view generation damage the performance of composition learning. In this paper, we develop a novel model to overcome these problems. To address the first problem, we formulate the image cropping as a listwise ranking problem to find the best view composition. For the second problem, a refined view sampling (called RoIRefine) is proposed to extract refined feature maps for candidate view generation. Given a series of candidate views, the proposed model learns the Top-1 probability distribution of views and picks up the best one. By integrating refined sampling and listwise ranking, the proposed network called LVRN achieves the state-of-the-art performance both in accuracy and speed. 
### 22.Understanding Pedestrian-Vehicle Interactions with Vehicle Mounted Vision: An LSTM Model and Empirical Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05350.pdf)
>  Pedestrians and vehicles often share the road in complex inner city traffic. This leads to interactions between the vehicle and pedestrians, with each affecting the other's motion. In order to create robust methods to reason about pedestrian behavior and to design interfaces of communication between self-driving cars and pedestrians we need to better understand such interactions. In this paper, we present a data-driven approach to implicitly model pedestrians' interactions with vehicles, to better predict pedestrian behavior. We propose a LSTM model that takes as input the past trajectories of the pedestrian and ego-vehicle, and pedestrian head orientation, and predicts the future positions of the pedestrian. Our experiments based on a real-world, inner city dataset captured with vehicle mounted cameras, show that the usage of such cues improve pedestrian prediction when compared to a baseline that purely uses the past trajectory of the pedestrian. 
### 23.Disparity-Augmented Trajectories for Human Activity Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05344.pdf)
>  Numerous methods for human activity recognition have been proposed in the past two decades. Many of these methods are based on sparse representation, which describes the whole video content by a set of local features. Trajectories, being mid-level sparse features, are capable of describing the motion of an interest-point in 2D space. 2D trajectories might be affected by viewpoint changes, potentially decreasing their accuracy. In this paper, we initially propose and compare different 2D trajectory-based algorithms for human activity recognition. Moreover, we propose a new way of fusing disparity information with 2D trajectory information, without the calculation of 3D reconstruction. The obtained results show a 2.76\% improvement when using disparity-augmented trajectories, compared to using the classical 2D trajectory information only. Furthermore, we have also tested our method on the challenging Hollywood 3D dataset, and we have obtained competitive results, at a faster speed. 
### 24.Cooper: Cooperative Perception for Connected Autonomous Vehicles based on 3D Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05265.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles may make wrong decisions due to inaccurate detection and recognition. Therefore, an intelligent vehicle can combine its own data with that of other vehicles to enhance perceptive ability, and thus improve detection accuracy and driving safety. However, multi-vehicle cooperative perception requires the integration of real world scenes and the traffic of raw sensor data exchange far exceeds the bandwidth of existing vehicular networks. To the best our knowledge, we are the first to conduct a study on raw-data level cooperative perception for enhancing the detection ability of self-driving systems. In this work, relying on LiDAR 3D point clouds, we fuse the sensor data collected from different positions and angles of connected vehicles. A point cloud based 3D object detection method is proposed to work on a diversity of aligned point clouds. Experimental results on KITTI and our collected dataset show that the proposed system outperforms perception by extending sensing area, improving detection accuracy and promoting augmented results. Most importantly, we demonstrate it is possible to transmit point clouds data for cooperative perception via existing vehicular network technologies. 
### 25.Robustness Analysis of Face Obscuration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05243.pdf)
>  Face obscuration is often needed by law enforcement or mass media outlets to provide privacy protection. Sharing sensitive content where the obscuration or redaction technique may have failed to completely remove all identifiable traces can lead to life-threatening consequences. Hence, it is critical to be able to systematically measure the face obscuration performance of a given technique. In this paper we propose to measure the effectiveness of three obscuration techniques: Gaussian blurring, median blurring, and pixelation. We do so by identifying the redacted faces under two scenarios: classifying an obscured face into a group of identities and comparing the similarity of an obscured face with a clear face. Threat modeling is also considered to provide a vulnerability analysis for each studied obscuration technique. Based on our evaluation, we show that pixelation-based face obscuration approaches are the most effective. 
### 26.Deep Neural Networks for Marine Debris Detection in Sonar Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05241.pdf)
>  Garbage and waste disposal is one of the biggest challenges currently faced by mankind. Proper waste disposal and recycling is a must in any sustainable community, and in many coastal areas there is significant water pollution in the form of floating or submerged garbage. This is called marine debris. Submerged marine debris threatens marine life, and for shallow coastal areas, it can also threaten fishing vessels [Iñiguez et al. 2016, Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews]. Submerged marine debris typically stays in the environment for a long time (20+ years), and consists of materials that can be recycled, such as metals, plastics, glass, etc. Many of these items should not be disposed in water bodies as this has a negative effect in the environment and human health. This thesis performs a comprehensive evaluation on the use of DNNs for the problem of marine debris detection in FLS images, as well as related problems such as image classification, matching, and detection proposals. We do this in a dataset of 2069 FLS images that we captured with an ARIS Explorer 3000 sensor on marine debris objects lying in the floor of a small water tank. The objects we used to produce this dataset contain typical household marine debris and distractor marine objects (tires, hooks, valves, etc), divided in 10 classes plus a background class. Our results show that for the evaluated tasks, DNNs are a superior technique than the corresponding state of the art. There are large gains particularly for the matching and detection proposal tasks. We also study the effect of sample complexity and object size in many tasks, which is valuable information for practitioners. We expect that our results will advance the objective of using Autonomous Underwater Vehicles to automatically survey, detect and collect marine debris from underwater environments. 
### 27.Lightweight Monocular Depth Estimation Model by Joint End-to-End Filter pruning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05212.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have emerged as the state-of-the-art in multiple vision tasks including depth estimation. However, memory and computing power requirements remain as challenges to be tackled in these models. Monocular depth estimation has significant use in robotics and virtual reality that requires deployment on low-end devices. Training a small model from scratch results in a significant drop in accuracy and it does not benefit from pre-trained large models. Motivated by the literature of model pruning, we propose a lightweight monocular depth model obtained from a large trained model. This is achieved by removing the least important features with a novel joint end-to-end filter pruning. We propose to learn a binary mask for each filter to decide whether to drop the filter or not. These masks are trained jointly to exploit relations between filters at different layers as well as redundancy within the same layer. We show that we can achieve around 5x compression rate with small drop in accuracy on the KITTI driving dataset. We also show that masking can improve accuracy over the baseline with fewer parameters, even without enforcing compression loss. 
### 28.DeepFlow: History Matching in the Space of Deep Generative Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05749.pdf)
>  The calibration of a reservoir model with observed transient data of fluid pressures and rates is a key task in obtaining a predictive model of the flow and transport behaviour of the earth's subsurface. The model calibration task, commonly referred to as "history matching", can be formalised as an ill-posed inverse problem where we aim to find the underlying spatial distribution of petrophysical properties that explain the observed dynamic data. We use a generative adversarial network pretrained on geostatistical object-based models to represent the distribution of rock properties for a synthetic model of a hydrocarbon reservoir. The dynamic behaviour of the reservoir fluids is modelled using a transient two-phase incompressible Darcy formulation. We invert for the underlying reservoir properties by first modeling property distributions using the pre-trained generative model then using the adjoint equations of the forward problem to perform gradient descent on the latent variables that control the output of the generative model. In addition to the dynamic observation data, we include well rock-type constraints by introducing an additional objective function. Our contribution shows that for a synthetic test case, we are able to obtain solutions to the inverse problem by optimising in the latent variable space of a deep generative model, given a set of transient observations of a non-linear forward problem. 
### 29.Graph Convolutional Gaussian Processes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05739.pdf)
>  We propose a novel Bayesian nonparametric method to learn translation-invariant relationships on non-Euclidean domains. The resulting graph convolutional Gaussian processes can be applied to problems in machine learning for which the input observations are functions with domains on general graphs. The structure of these models allows for high dimensional inputs while retaining expressibility, as is the case with convolutional neural networks. We present applications of graph convolutional Gaussian processes to images and triangular meshes, demonstrating their versatility and effectiveness, comparing favorably to existing methods, despite being relatively simple models. 
### 30."Tom" pet robot applied to urban autism  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05652.pdf)
>  With the fast development of network information technology, more and more people are immersed in the virtual community environment brought by the network, ignoring the social interaction in real life. The consequent urban autism problem has become more and more serious. Promoting offline communication between people " and "eliminating loneliness through emotional communication between pet robots and breeders" to solve this problem, and has developed a design called "Tom". "Tom" is a smart pet robot with a pet robot-based social mechanism Called "Tom-Talker". The main contribution of this paper is to propose a social mechanism called "Tom-Talker" that encourages users to socialize offline. And "Tom-Talker" also has a corresponding reward mechanism and a friend recommendation algorithm. It also proposes a pet robot named "Tom" with an emotional interaction algorithm to recognize users' emotions, simulate animal emotions and communicate emotionally with use s. This paper designs experiments and analyzes the results. The results show that our pet robots have a good effect on solving urban autism problems. 
### 31.Revisiting Precision and Recall Definition for Generative Model Evaluation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05441.pdf)
>  In this article we revisit the definition of Precision-Recall (PR) curves for generative models proposed by Sajjadi et al. (<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1806.00035" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.00035">arXiv:1806.00035</a>). Rather than providing a scalar for generative quality, PR curves distinguish mode-collapse (poor recall) and bad quality (poor precision). We first generalize their formulation to arbitrary measures, hence removing any restriction to finite support. We also expose a bridge between PR curves and type I and type II error rates of likelihood ratio classifiers on the task of discriminating between samples of the two distributions. Building upon this new perspective, we propose a novel algorithm to approximate precision-recall curves, that shares some interesting methodological properties with the hypothesis testing technique from Lopez-Paz et al (<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1610.06545" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1610.06545">arXiv:1610.06545</a>). We demonstrate the interest of the proposed formulation over the original approach on controlled multi-modal datasets. 
### 32.Towards a Skeleton-Based Action Recognition For Realistic Scenarios  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05420.pdf)
>  Understanding human actions is a crucial problem for service robots. However, the general trend in Action Recognition is developing and testing these systems on structured datasets. That's why this work presents a practical Skeleton-based Action Recognition framework which can be used in realistic scenarios. Our results show that although non-augmented and non-normalized data may yield comparable results on the test split of the dataset, it is far from being useful on another dataset which is a manually collected data. 
### 33.Self-supervised Audio Spatialization with Correspondence Classifier  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05375.pdf)
>  Spatial audio is an essential medium to audiences for 3D visual and auditory experience. However, the recording devices and techniques are expensive or inaccessible to the general public. In this work, we propose a self-supervised audio spatialization network that can generate spatial audio given the corresponding video and monaural audio. To enhance spatialization performance, we use an auxiliary classifier to classify ground-truth videos and those with audio where the left and right channels are swapped. We collect a large-scale video dataset with spatial audio to validate the proposed method. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model on the audio spatialization task. 
### 34.Convolutional neural networks with fractional order gradient method  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05336.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a fractional order gradient method for the backward propagation of convolutional neural networks. To overcome the problem that fractional order gradient method cannot converge to real extreme point, a simplified fractional order gradient method is designed based on Caputo's definition. The parameters within layers are updated by the designed gradient method, but the propagations between layers still use integer order gradients, and thus the complicated derivatives of composite functions are avoided and the chain rule will be kept. By connecting every layers in series and adding loss functions, the proposed convolutional neural networks can be trained smoothly according to various tasks. Some practical experiments are carried out in order to demonstrate the effectiveness of neural networks at last. 
### 35.Affine Variational Autoencoders: An Efficient Approach for Improving Generalization and Robustness to Distribution Shift  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05300.pdf)
>  In this study, we propose the Affine Variational Autoencoder (AVAE), a variant of Variational Autoencoder (VAE) designed to improve robustness by overcoming the inability of VAEs to generalize to distributional shifts in the form of affine perturbations. By optimizing an affine transform to maximize ELBO, the proposed AVAE transforms an input to the training distribution without the need to increase model complexity to model the full distribution of affine transforms. In addition, we introduce a training procedure to create an efficient model by learning a subset of the training distribution, and using the AVAE to improve generalization and robustness to distributional shift at test time. Experiments on affine perturbations demonstrate that the proposed AVAE significantly improves generalization and robustness to distributional shift in the form of affine perturbations without an increase in model complexity. 
### 36.Harnessing the Vulnerability of Latent Layers in Adversarially Trained Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05186.pdf)
>  Neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial attacks -- small visually imperceptible crafted noise which when added to the input drastically changes the output. The most effective method of defending against these adversarial attacks is to use the methodology of adversarial training. We analyze the adversarially trained robust models to study their vulnerability against adversarial attacks at the level of the latent layers. Our analysis reveals that contrary to the input layer which is robust to adversarial attack, the latent layer of these robust models are highly susceptible to adversarial perturbations of small magnitude. Leveraging this information, we introduce a new technique Latent Adversarial Training (LAT) which comprises of fine-tuning the adversarially trained models to ensure the robustness at the feature layers. We also propose Latent Attack (LA), a novel algorithm for construction of adversarial examples. LAT results in minor improvement in test accuracy and leads to a state-of-the-art adversarial accuracy against the universal first-order adversarial PGD attack which is shown for the MNIST, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 datasets. 
