# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 8 May 2019
### 1.EDVR: Video Restoration with Enhanced Deformable Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02716.pdf)
>  Video restoration tasks, including super-resolution, deblurring, etc, are drawing increasing attention in the computer vision community. A challenging benchmark named REDS is released in the NTIRE19 Challenge. This new benchmark challenges existing methods from two aspects: (1) how to align multiple frames given large motions, and (2) how to effectively fuse different frames with diverse motion and blur. In this work, we propose a novel Video Restoration framework with Enhanced Deformable networks, termed EDVR, to address these challenges. First, to handle large motions, we devise a Pyramid, Cascading and Deformable (PCD) alignment module, in which frame alignment is done at the feature level using deformable convolutions in a coarse-to-fine manner. Second, we propose a Temporal and Spatial Attention (TSA) fusion module, in which attention is applied both temporally and spatially, so as to emphasize important features for subsequent restoration. Thanks to these modules, our EDVR wins the champions and outperforms the second place by a large margin in all four tracks in the NTIRE19 video restoration and enhancement challenges. EDVR also demonstrates superior performance to state-of-the-art published methods on video super-resolution and deblurring. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xinntao/EDVR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 2.Context-Aware Automatic Occlusion Removal  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02710.pdf)
>  Occlusion removal is an interesting application of image enhancement, for which, existing work suggests manually-annotated or domain-specific occlusion removal. No work tries to address automatic occlusion detection and removal as a context-aware generic problem. In this paper, we present a novel methodology to identify objects that do not relate to the image context as occlusions and remove them, reconstructing the space occupied coherently. The proposed system detects occlusions by considering the relation between foreground and background object classes represented as vector embeddings, and removes them through inpainting. We test our system on COCO-Stuff dataset and conduct a user study to establish a baseline in context-aware automatic occlusion removal. 
### 3.Learning Unsupervised Multi-View Stereopsis via Robust Photometric Consistency  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02706.pdf)
>  We present a learning based approach for multi-view stereopsis (MVS). While current deep MVS methods achieve impressive results, they crucially rely on ground-truth 3D training data, and acquisition of such precise 3D geometry for supervision is a major hurdle. Our framework instead leverages photometric consistency between multiple views as supervisory signal for learning depth prediction in a wide baseline MVS setup. However, naively applying photo consistency constraints is undesirable due to occlusion and lighting changes across views. To overcome this, we propose a robust loss formulation that: a) enforces first order consistency and b) for each point, selectively enforces consistency with some views, thus implicitly handling occlusions. We demonstrate our ability to learn MVS without 3D supervision using a real dataset, and show that each component of our proposed robust loss results in a significant improvement. We qualitatively observe that our reconstructions are often more complete than the acquired ground truth, further showing the merits of this approach. Lastly, our learned model generalizes to novel settings, and our approach allows adaptation of existing CNNs to datasets without ground-truth 3D by unsupervised finetuning. Project webpage: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://tejaskhot.github.io/unsup_mvs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 4.PackNet-SfM: 3D Packing for Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02693.pdf)
>  Densely estimating the depth of a scene from a single image is an ill-posed inverse problem that is seeing exciting progress with self-supervision from strong geometric cues, in particular from training using stereo imagery. In this work, we investigate the more challenging structure-from-motion (SfM) setting, learning purely from monocular videos. We propose PackNet - a novel deep architecture that leverages new 3D packing and unpacking blocks to effectively capture fine details in monocular depth map predictions. Additionally, we propose a novel velocity supervision loss that allows our model to predict metrically accurate depths, thus alleviating the need for test-time ground-truth scaling. We show that our proposed scale-aware architecture achieves state-of-the-art results on the KITTI benchmark, significantly improving upon any approach trained on monocular video, and even achieves competitive performance to stereo-trained methods. 
### 5.Feature-Fused Context-Encoding Network for Neuroanatomy Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02686.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of fine-grained brain structures remains a challenging task. Current segmentation methods mainly utilize 2D and 3D deep neural networks. The 2D networks take image slices as input to produce coarse segmentation in less processing time, whereas the 3D networks take the whole image volumes to generated fine-detailed segmentation with more computational burden. In order to obtain accurate fine-grained segmentation efficiently, in this paper, we propose an end-to-end Feature-Fused Context-Encoding Network for brain structure segmentation from MR (magnetic resonance) images. Our model is implemented based on a 2D convolutional backbone, which integrates a 2D encoding module to acquire planar image features and a spatial encoding module to extract spatial context information. A global context encoding module is further introduced to capture global context semantics from the fused 2D encoding and spatial features. The proposed network aims to fully leverage the global anatomical prior knowledge learned from context semantics, which is represented by a structure-aware attention factor to recalibrate the outputs of the network. In this way, the network is guaranteed to be aware of the class-dependent feature maps to facilitate the segmentation. We evaluate our model on 2012 Brain Multi-Atlas Labelling Challenge dataset for 134 fine-grained structure segmentation. Besides, we validate our network on 27 coarse structure segmentation tasks. Experimental results have demonstrated that our model can achieve improved performance compared with the state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 6.Attention-based Fusion for Multi-source Human Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02655.pdf)
>  We present a generalization of the person-image generation task, in which a human image is generated conditioned on a target pose and a set X of source appearance images. In this way, we can exploit multiple, possibly complementary images of the same person which are usually available at training and at testing time. The solution we propose is mainly based on a local attention mechanism which selects relevant information from different source image regions, avoiding the necessity to build specific generators for each specific cardinality of X. The empirical evaluation of our method shows the practical interest of addressing the person-image generation problem in a multi-source setting. 
### 7.High Frequency Residual Learning for Multi-Scale Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02649.pdf)
>  We present a novel high frequency residual learning framework, which leads to a highly efficient multi-scale network (MSNet) architecture for mobile and embedded vision problems. The architecture utilizes two networks: a low resolution network to efficiently approximate low frequency components and a high resolution network to learn high frequency residuals by reusing the upsampled low resolution features. With a classifier calibration module, MSNet can dynamically allocate computation resources during inference to achieve a better speed and accuracy trade-off. We evaluate our methods on the challenging ImageNet-1k dataset and observe consistent improvements over different base networks. On ResNet-18 and MobileNet with alpha=1.0, MSNet gains 1.5% accuracy over both architectures without increasing computations. On the more efficient MobileNet with alpha=0.25, our method gains 3.8% accuracy with the same amount of computations. 
### 8.Efficient Neural Architecture Search on Low-Dimensional Data for OCT Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02590.pdf)
>  Typically, deep learning architectures are handcrafted for their respective learning problem. As an alternative, neural architecture search (NAS) has been proposed where the architecture's structure is learned in an additional optimization step. For the medical imaging domain, this approach is very promising as there are diverse problems and imaging modalities that require architecture design. However, NAS is very time-consuming and medical learning problems often involve high-dimensional data with high computational requirements. We propose an efficient approach for NAS in the context of medical, image-based deep learning problems by searching for architectures on low-dimensional data which are subsequently transferred to high-dimensional data. For OCT-based layer segmentation, we demonstrate that a search on 1D data reduces search time by 87.5% compared to a search on 2D data while the final 2D models achieve similar performance. 
### 9.Oriented Point Sampling for Plane Detection in Unorganized Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02553.pdf)
>  Plane detection in 3D point clouds is a crucial pre-processing step for applications such as point cloud segmentation, semantic mapping and SLAM. In contrast to many recent plane detection methods that are only applicable on organized point clouds, our work is targeted to unorganized point clouds that do not permit a 2D parametrization. We compare three methods for detecting planes in point clouds efficiently. One is a novel method proposed in this paper that generates plane hypotheses by sampling from a set of points with estimated normals. We named this method Oriented Point Sampling (OPS) to contrast with more conventional techniques that require the sampling of three unoriented points to generate plane hypotheses. We also implemented an efficient plane detection method based on local sampling of three unoriented points and compared it with OPS and the 3D-KHT algorithm, which is based on octrees, on the detection of planes on 10,000 point clouds from the SUN RGB-D dataset. 
### 10.Learning Spatio-Temporal Features with Two-Stream Deep 3D CNNs for Lipreading  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02540.pdf)
>  We focus on the word-level visual lipreading, which requires recognizing the word being spoken, given only the video but not the audio. State-of-the-art methods explore the use of end-to-end neural networks, including a shallow (up to three layers) 3D convolutional neural network (CNN) + a deep 2D CNN (\emph{e.g.}, ResNet) as the front-end to extract visual features, and a recurrent neural network (\emph{e.g.}, bidirectional LSTM) as the back-end for classification. In this work, we propose to replace the shallow 3D CNNs + deep 2D CNNs front-end with recent successful deep 3D CNNs --- two-stream (\emph{i.e.}, grayscale video and optical flow streams) I3D. We evaluate different combinations of front-end and back-end modules with the grayscale video and optical flow inputs on the LRW dataset. The experiments show that, compared to the shallow 3D CNNs + deep 2D CNNs front-end, the deep 3D CNNs front-end with pre-training on the large-scale image and video datasets (\emph{e.g.}, ImageNet and Kinetics) can improve the classification accuracy. On the other hand, we demonstrate that using the optical flow input alone can achieve comparable performance as using the grayscale video as input. Moreover, the two-stream network using both the grayscale video and optical flow inputs can further improve the performance. Overall, our two-stream I3D front-end with a Bi-LSTM back-end results in an absolute improvement of 5.3\% over the previous art. 
### 11.Trinity of Pixel Enhancement: a Joint Solution for Demosaicking, Denoising and Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02538.pdf)
>  Demosaicing, denoising and super-resolution (SR) are of practical importance in digital image processing and have been studied independently in the passed decades. Despite the recent improvement of learning-based image processing methods in image quality, there lacks enough analysis into their interactions and characteristics under a realistic setting of the mixture problem of demosaicing, denoising and SR. In existing solutions, these tasks are simply combined to obtain a high-resolution image from a low-resolution raw mosaic image, resulting in a performance drop of the final image quality. In this paper, we first rethink the mixture problem from a holistic perspective and then propose the Trinity Enhancement Network (TENet), a specially designed learning-based method for the mixture problem, which adopts a novel image processing pipeline order and a joint learning strategy. In order to obtain the correct color sampling for training, we also contribute a new dataset namely PixelShift200, which consists of high-quality full color sampled real-world images using the advanced pixel shift technique. Experiments demonstrate that our TENet is superior to existing solutions in both quantitative and qualitative perspective. Our experiments also show the necessity of the proposed PixelShift200 dataset. 
### 12.Contrastive Learning for Lifted Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02507.pdf)
>  In this work we address supervised learning via lifted network formulations. Lifted networks are interesting because they allow training on massively parallel hardware and assign energy models to discriminatively trained neural networks. We demonstrate that training methods for lifted networks proposed in the literature have significant limitations, and therefore we propose to use a contrastive loss to train lifted networks. We show that this contrastive training approximates back-propagation in theory and in practice, and that it is superior to the regular training objective for lifted networks. 
### 13.Learning to Interpret Satellite Images in Global Scale Using Wikipedia  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02506.pdf)
>  Despite recent progress in computer vision, finegrained interpretation of satellite images remains challenging because of a lack of labeled training data. To overcome this limitation, we construct a novel dataset called WikiSatNet by pairing georeferenced Wikipedia articles with satellite imagery of their corresponding locations. We then propose two strategies to learn representations of satellite images by predicting properties of the corresponding articles from the images. Leveraging this new multi-modal dataset, we can drastically reduce the quantity of human-annotated labels and time required for downstream tasks. On the recently released fMoW dataset, our pre-training strategies can boost the performance of a model pre-trained on ImageNet by up to 4:5% in F1 score. 
### 14.Locality and Structure Regularized Low Rank Representation for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02488.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) classification, which aims to assign an accurate label for hyperspectral pixels, has drawn great interest in recent years. Although low rank representation (LRR) has been used to classify HSI, its ability to segment each class from the whole HSI data has not been exploited fully yet. LRR has a good capacity to capture the underlying lowdimensional subspaces embedded in original data. However, there are still two drawbacks for LRR. First, LRR does not consider the local geometric structure within data, which makes the local correlation among neighboring data easily ignored. Second, the representation obtained by solving LRR is not discriminative enough to separate different data. In this paper, a novel locality and structure regularized low rank representation (LSLRR) model is proposed for HSI classification. To overcome the above limitations, we present locality constraint criterion (LCC) and structure preserving strategy (SPS) to improve the classical LRR. Specifically, we introduce a new distance metric, which combines both spatial and spectral features, to explore the local similarity of pixels. Thus, the global and local structures of HSI data can be exploited sufficiently. Besides, we propose a structure constraint to make the representation have a near block-diagonal structure. This helps to determine the final classification labels directly. Extensive experiments have been conducted on three popular HSI datasets. And the experimental results demonstrate that the proposed LSLRR outperforms other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 15.P2SGrad: Refined Gradients for Optimizing Deep Face Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02479.pdf)
>  Cosine-based softmax losses significantly improve the performance of deep face recognition networks. However, these losses always include sensitive hyper-parameters which can make training process unstable, and it is very tricky to set suitable hyper parameters for a specific dataset. This paper addresses this challenge by directly designing the gradients for adaptively training deep neural networks. We first investigate and unify previous cosine softmax losses by analyzing their gradients. This unified view inspires us to propose a novel gradient called P2SGrad (Probability-to-Similarity Gradient), which leverages a cosine similarity instead of classification probability to directly update the testing metrics for updating neural network parameters. P2SGrad is adaptive and hyper-parameter free, which makes the training process more efficient and faster. We evaluate our P2SGrad on three face recognition benchmarks, LFW, MegaFace, and IJB-C. The results show that P2SGrad is stable in training, robust to noise, and achieves state-of-the-art performance on all the three benchmarks. 
### 16.Ensemble of Convolutional Neural Networks Trained with Different Activation Functions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02473.pdf)
>  Activation functions play a vital role in the training of Convolutional Neural Networks. For this reason, to develop efficient and performing functions is a crucial problem in the deep learning community. Key to these approaches is to permit a reliable parameter learning, avoiding vanishing gradient problems. The goal of this work is to propose an ensemble of Convolutional Neural Networks trained using several different activation functions. Moreover, a novel activation function is here proposed for the first time. Our aim is to improve the performance of Convolutional Neural Networks in small/medium size biomedical datasets. Our results clearly show that the proposed ensemble outperforms Convolutional Neural Networks trained with standard ReLU as activation function. The proposed ensemble outperforms with a p-value of 0.01 each tested stand-alone activation function; for reliable performance comparison we have tested our approach in more than 10 datasets, using two well-known Convolutional Neural Network: Vgg16 and ResNet50. MATLAB code used here will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LorisNanni" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.Adapting Image Super-Resolution State-of-the-arts and Learning Multi-model Ensemble for Video Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02462.pdf)
>  Recently, image super-resolution has been widely studied and achieved significant progress by leveraging the power of deep convolutional neural networks. However, there has been limited advancement in video super-resolution (VSR) due to the complex temporal patterns in videos. In this paper, we investigate how to adapt state-of-the-art methods of image super-resolution for video super-resolution. The proposed adapting method is straightforward. The information among successive frames is well exploited, while the overhead on the original image super-resolution method is negligible. Furthermore, we propose a learning-based method to ensemble the outputs from multiple super-resolution models. Our methods show superior performance and rank second in the NTIRE2019 Video Super-Resolution Challenge Track 1. 
### 18.Interactive Video Retrieval with Dialog  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02442.pdf)
>  Now that everyone can easily record videos, the quantity of which is continuously increasing, research on methods for improved video retrieval is important in the contemporary world. In cases where target videos are to be identified within a large collection gathered by individuals, the appropriate information must be obtained to retrieve the correct video within a large number of similar items in the target database. The purpose of this research is to retrieve target videos in such cases by introducing an interaction, or a dialog, between the system and the user. We propose a system to retrieve videos by asking questions about the content of the videos and leveraging the user's responses to the questions. Additionally, we confirmed the usefulness of the proposed system through experiments using the dataset called AVSD which includes videos and dialogs about the videos. 
### 19.LEDNet: A Lightweight Encoder-Decoder Network for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02423.pdf)
>  The extensive computational burden limits the usage of CNNs in mobile devices for dense estimation tasks. In this paper, we present a lightweight network to address this problem,namely LEDNet, which employs an asymmetric encoder-decoder architecture for the task of real-time semantic segmentation.More specifically, the encoder adopts a ResNet as backbone network, where two new operations, channel split and shuffle, are utilized in each residual block to greatly reduce computation cost while maintaining higher segmentation accuracy. On the other hand, an attention pyramid network (APN) is employed in the decoder to further lighten the entire network complexity. Our model has less than 1M parameters,and is able to run at over 71 FPS in a single GTX 1080Ti GPU. The comprehensive experiments demonstrate that our approach achieves state-of-the-art results in terms of speed and accuracy trade-off on CityScapes dataset. 
### 20.Recovering remote Photoplethysmograph Signal from Facial videos Using Spatio-Temporal Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02419.pdf)
>  Recently average heart rate (HR) can be measured relatively accurately from human face videos based on non-contact remote photoplethysmography (rPPG). However in many healthcare applications, knowing only the average HR is not enough, and measured blood volume pulse signal and its heart rate variability (HRV) features are also important. We propose the first end-to-end rPPG signal recovering system (PhysNet) using deep spatio-temporal convolutional networks to measure both HR and HRV features. PhysNet extracts the spatial and temporal hidden features simultaneously from raw face sequences while outputs the corresponding rPPG signal directly. The temporal context information helps the network learn more robust features with less fluctuation. Our approach was tested on two datasets, and achieved superior performance of HR and HRV features comparing to the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 21.Accurate Tissue Interface Segmentation via Adversarial Pre-Segmentation of Anterior Segment OCT Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02378.pdf)
>  Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) is an imaging modality that has been widely adopted for visualizing corneal, retinal and limbal tissue structure with micron resolution. It can be used to diagnose pathological conditions of the eye, and for developing pre-operative surgical plans. In contrast to the posterior retina, imaging the anterior tissue structures, such as the limbus and cornea, results in B-scans that exhibit increased speckle noise patterns and imaging artifacts. These artifacts, such as shadowing and specularity, pose a challenge during the analysis of the acquired volumes as they substantially obfuscate the location of tissue interfaces. To deal with the artifacts and speckle noise patterns and accurately segment the shallowest tissue interface, we propose a cascaded neural network framework, which comprises of a conditional Generative Adversarial Network (cGAN) and a Tissue Interface Segmentation Network (TISN). The cGAN pre-segments OCT B-scans by removing undesired specular artifacts and speckle noise patterns just above the shallowest tissue interface, and the TISN combines the original OCT image with the pre-segmentation to segment the shallowest interface. We show the applicability of the cascaded framework to corneal datasets, demonstrate that it precisely segments the shallowest corneal interface, and also show its generalization capacity to limbal datasets. We also propose a hybrid framework, wherein the cGAN pre-segmentation is passed to a traditional image analysis-based segmentation algorithm, and describe the improved segmentation performance. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first approach to remove severe specular artifacts and speckle noise patterns (prior to the shallowest interface) that affects the interpretation of anterior segment OCT datasets, thereby resulting in the accurate segmentation of the shallowest tissue interface. 
### 22.Variational Representation Learning for Vehicle Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02343.pdf)
>  Vehicle Re-identification is attracting more and more attention in recent years. One of the most challenging problems is to learn an efficient representation for a vehicle from its multi-viewpoint images. Existing methods tend to derive features of dimensions ranging from thousands to tens of thousands. In this work we proposed a deep learning based framework that can lead to an efficient representation of vehicles. While the dimension of the learned features can be as low as 256, experiments on different datasets show that the Top-1 and Top-5 retrieval accuracies exceed multiple state-of-the-art methods. The key to our framework is two-fold. Firstly, variational feature learning is employed to generate variational features which are more discriminating. Secondly, long short-term memory (LSTM) is used to learn the relationship among different viewpoints of a vehicle. The LSTM also plays as an encoder to downsize the features. 
### 23.Semantic Adversarial Network for Zero-Shot Sketch-Based Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02327.pdf)
>  Zero-shot sketch-based image retrieval (ZS-SBIR) is a specific cross-modal retrieval task for retrieving natural images with free-hand sketches under zero-shot scenario. Previous works mostly focus on modeling the correspondence between images and sketches or synthesizing image features with sketch features. However, both of them ignore the large intra-class variance of sketches, thus resulting in unsatisfactory retrieval performance. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end semantic adversarial approach for ZS-SBIR. Specifically, we devise a semantic adversarial module to maximize the consistency between learned semantic features and category-level word vectors. Moreover, to preserve the discriminability of synthesized features within each training category, a triplet loss is employed for the generative module. Additionally, the proposed model is trained in an end-to-end strategy to exploit better semantic features suitable for ZS-SBIR. Extensive experiments conducted on two large-scale popular datasets demonstrate that our proposed approach remarkably outperforms state-of-the-art approaches by more than 12\% on Sketchy dataset and about 3\% on TU-Berlin dataset in the retrieval. 
### 24.Spatially Constrained Generative Adversarial Networks for Conditional Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02320.pdf)
>  Image generation has raised tremendous attention in both academic and industrial areas, especially for the conditional and target-oriented image generation, such as criminal portrait and fashion design. Although the current studies have achieved preliminary results along this direction, they always focus on class labels as the condition where spatial contents are randomly generated from latent vectors. Edge details are usually blurred since spatial information is difficult to preserve. In light of this, we propose a novel Spatially Constrained Generative Adversarial Network (SCGAN), which decouples the spatial constraints from the latent vector and makes these constraints feasible as additional controllable signals. To enhance the spatial controllability, a generator network is specially designed to take a semantic segmentation, a latent vector and an attribute-level label as inputs step by step. Besides, a segmentor network is constructed to impose spatial constraints on the generator. Experimentally, we provide both visual and quantitative results on CelebA and DeepFashion datasets, and demonstrate that the proposed SCGAN is very effective in controlling the spatial contents as well as generating high-quality images. 
### 25.Automatic 4D Facial Expression Recognition via Collaborative Cross-domain Dynamic Image Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02319.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel 4D Facial Expression Recognition (FER) method using Collaborative Cross-domain Dynamic Image Network (CCDN). Given a 4D data of face scans, we first compute its geometrical images, and then combine their correlated information in the proposed cross-domain image representations. The acquired set is then used to generate cross-domain dynamic images (CDI) via rank pooling that encapsulates facial deformations over time in terms of a single image. For the training phase, these CDIs are fed into an end-to-end deep learning model, and the resultant predictions collaborate over multi-views for performance gain in expression classification. Furthermore, we propose a 4D augmentation scheme that not only expands the training data scale but also introduces significant facial muscle movement patterns to improve the FER performance. Results from extensive experiments on the commonly used BU-4DFE dataset under widely adopted settings show that our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art 4D FER methods by achieving an accuracy of 96.5% indicating its effectiveness. 
### 26.Frame-wise Motion and Appearance for Real-time Multiple Object Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02292.pdf)
>  The main challenge of Multiple Object Tracking (MOT) is the efficiency in associating indefinite number of objects between video frames. Standard motion estimators used in tracking, e.g., Long Short Term Memory (LSTM), only deal with single object, while Re-IDentification (Re-ID) based approaches exhaustively compare object appearances. Both approaches are computationally costly when they are scaled to a large number of objects, making it very difficult for real-time MOT. To address these problems, we propose a highly efficient Deep Neural Network (DNN) that simultaneously models association among indefinite number of objects. The inference computation of the DNN does not increase with the number of objects. Our approach, Frame-wise Motion and Appearance (FMA), computes the Frame-wise Motion Fields (FMF) between two frames, which leads to very fast and reliable matching among a large number of object bounding boxes. As auxiliary information is used to fix uncertain matches, Frame-wise Appearance Features (FAF) are learned in parallel with FMFs. Extensive experiments on the MOT17 benchmark show that our method achieved real-time MOT with competitive results as the state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 27.Simultaneous Object Detection and Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02285.pdf)
>  Both object detection in and semantic segmentation of camera images are important tasks for automated vehicles. Object detection is necessary so that the planning and behavior modules can reason about other road users. Semantic segmentation provides for example free space information and information about static and dynamic parts of the environment. There has been a lot of research to solve both tasks using Convolutional Neural Networks. These approaches give good results but are computationally demanding. In practice, a compromise has to be found between detection performance, detection quality and the number of tasks. Otherwise it is not possible to meet the real-time requirements of automated vehicles. In this work, we propose a neural network architecture to solve both tasks simultaneously. This architecture was designed to run with around 10 Hz on 1 MP images on current hardware. Our approach achieves a mean IoU of 61.2% for the semantic segmentation task on the challenging Cityscapes benchmark. It also achieves an average precision of 69.3% for cars and 67.7% on the moderate difficulty level of the KITTI benchmark. 
### 28.Source Generator Attribution via Inversion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02259.pdf)
>  With advances in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) leading to dramatically-improved synthetic images and video, there is an increased need for algorithms which extend traditional forensics to this new category of imagery. While GANs have been shown to be helpful in a number of computer vision applications, there are other problematic uses such as `deep fakes' which necessitate such forensics. Source camera attribution algorithms using various cues have addressed this need for imagery captured by a camera, but there are fewer options for synthetic imagery. We address the problem of attributing a synthetic image to a specific generator in a white box setting, by inverting the process of generation. This enables us to simultaneously determine whether the generator produced the image and recover an input which produces a close match to the synthetic image. 
### 29.Searching for MobileNetV3  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02244.pdf)
>  We present the next generation of MobileNets based on a combination of complementary search techniques as well as a novel architecture design. MobileNetV3 is tuned to mobile phone CPUs through a combination of hardware aware network architecture search (NAS) complemented by the NetAdapt algorithm and then subsequently improved through novel architecture advances. This paper starts the exploration of how automated search algorithms and network design can work together to harness complementary approaches improving the overall state of the art. Through this process we create two new MobileNet models for release: MobileNetV3-Large and MobileNetV3-Small which are targeted for high and low resource use cases. These models are then adapted and applied to the tasks of object detection and semantic segmentation. For the task of semantic segmentation (or any dense pixel prediction), we propose a new efficient segmentation decoder Lite Reduced Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (LR-ASPP). We achieve new state of the art results for mobile classification, detection and segmentation. MobileNetV3-Large is 3.2% more accurate on ImageNet classification while reducing latency by 15% compared to MobileNetV2. MobileNetV2-Small is 4.6% more accurate while reducing latency by 5% compared to MobileNetV2. MobileNetV3-Large detection is 25% faster at roughly the same accuracy as MobileNetV2 on COCO detection. MobileNetV3-Large LR-ASPP is 30% faster than MobileNetV2 R-ASPP at similar accuracy for Cityscapes segmentation. 
### 30.Image Matters: Detecting Offensive and Non-Compliant Content / Logo in Product Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02234.pdf)
>  In e-commerce, product content, especially product images have a significant influence on a customer's journey from product discovery to evaluation and finally, purchase decision. Since many e-commerce retailers sell items from other third-party marketplace sellers besides their own, the content published by both internal and external content creators needs to be monitored and enriched, wherever possible. Despite guidelines and warnings, product listings that contain offensive and non-compliant images continue to enter catalogs. Offensive and non-compliant content can include a wide range of objects, logos, and banners conveying violent, sexually explicit, racist, or promotional messages. Such images can severely damage the customer experience, lead to legal issues, and erode the company brand. <br>In this paper, we present a machine learning driven offensive and non-compliant image detection system for extremely large e-commerce catalogs. This system proactively detects and removes such content before they are published to the customer-facing website. <br>This paper delves into the unique challenges of applying machine learning to real-world data from retail domain with hundreds of millions of product images. We demonstrate how we resolve the issue of non-compliant content that appears across tens of thousands of product categories. We also describe how we deal with the sheer variety in which each single non-compliant scenario appears. This paper showcases a number of practical yet unique approaches such as representative training data creation that are critical to solve an extremely rarely occurring problem. In summary, our system combines state-of-the-art image classification and object detection techniques, and fine tunes them with internal data to develop a solution customized for a massive, diverse, and constantly evolving product catalog. 
### 31.A Geometric Approach to Obtain a Bird's Eye View from an Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02231.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is to rectify any monocular image by computing a homography matrix that transforms it to a bird's eye (overhead) view. <br>We make the following contributions: (i) we show that the homography matrix can be parameterised with only four parameters that specify the horizon line and the vertical vanishing point, or only two if the field of view or focal length is known; (ii) We introduce a novel representation for the geometry of a line or point (which can be at infinity) that is suitable for regression with a convolutional neural network (CNN); (iii) We introduce a large synthetic image dataset with ground truth for the orthogonal vanishing points, that can be used for training a CNN to predict these geometric entities; and finally (iv) We achieve state-of-the-art results on horizon detection, with 74.52% AUC on the Horizon Lines in the Wild dataset. Our method is fast and robust, and can be used to remove perspective distortion from videos in real time. 
### 32.Sparse data interpolation using the geodesic distance affinity space  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02229.pdf)
>  In this paper, we adapt the geodesic distance-based recursive filter to the sparse data interpolation problem. The proposed technique is general and can be easily applied to any kind of sparse data. We demonstrate the superiority over other interpolation techniques in three experiments for qualitative and quantitative evaluation. <br>In addition, we compare our method with the popular interpolation algorithm presented in the EpicFlow optical flow paper that is intuitively motivated by a similar geodesic distance principle. The comparison shows that our algorithm is more accurate and considerably faster than the EpicFlow interpolation technique. 
### 33.Transferring Multiscale Map Styles Using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02200.pdf)
>  The advancement of the Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies makes it possible to learn stylistic design criteria from existing maps or other visual art and transfer these styles to make new digital maps. In this paper, we propose a novel framework using AI for map style transfer applicable across multiple map scales. Specifically, we identify and transfer the stylistic elements from a target group of visual examples, including Google Maps, OpenStreetMap, and artistic paintings, to unstylized GIS vector data through two generative adversarial network (GAN) models. We then train a binary classifier based on a deep convolutional neural network to evaluate whether the transfer styled map images preserve the original map design characteristics. Our experiment results show that GANs have great potential for multiscale map style transferring, but many challenges remain requiring future research. 
### 34.Mapping Missing Population in Rural India: A Deep Learning Approach with Satellite Imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02196.pdf)
>  Millions of people worldwide are absent from their country's census. Accurate, current, and granular population metrics are critical to improving government allocation of resources, to measuring disease control, to responding to natural disasters, and to studying any aspect of human life in these communities. Satellite imagery can provide sufficient information to build a population map without the cost and time of a government census. We present two Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures which efficiently and effectively combine satellite imagery inputs from multiple sources to accurately predict the population density of a region. In this paper, we use satellite imagery from rural villages in India and population labels from the 2011 SECC census. Our best model achieves better performance than previous papers as well as LandScan, a community standard for global population distribution. 
### 35.Towards Evaluating and Understanding Robust Optimisation under Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02675.pdf)
>  This work evaluates the efficacy of adversarial robustness under transfer from CIFAR 100 to CIFAR 10. This allows us to identify transfer learning strategies under which adversarial defences are successfully retained, in addition to revealing potential vulnerabilities. We study the extent to which features crafted by fast gradient sign methods (FGSM) and their iterative alternative (PGD) can preserve their defence properties against black and white-box attacks under three different transfer learning strategies. We find that using PGD examples during training leads to more general robustness that is easier to transfer. Furthermore, under successful transfer, it achieves 5.2% more accuracy against white-box PGD attacks than the considered baselines. In this paper, we study the effects of using robust optimisation in the source and target networks. Our empirical evaluation sheds light on how well such mechanisms generalise while achieving comparable results to non-transferred defences. 
### 36.Learning Optimal Data Augmentation Policies via Bayesian Optimization for Image Classification Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02610.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning has achieved remarkable achievements in many fields, including computer vision, natural language processing, speech recognition and others. Adequate training data is the key to ensure the effectiveness of the deep models. However, obtaining valid data requires a lot of time and labor resources. Data augmentation (DA) is an effective alternative approach, which can generate new labeled data based on existing data using label-preserving transformations. Although we can benefit a lot from DA, designing appropriate DA policies requires a lot of expert experience and time consumption, and the evaluation of searching the optimal policies is costly. So we raise a new question in this paper: how to achieve automated data augmentation at as low cost as possible? We propose a method named BO-Aug for automating the process by finding the optimal DA policies using the Bayesian optimization approach. Our method can find the optimal policies at a relatively low search cost, and the searched policies based on a specific dataset are transferable across different neural network architectures or even different datasets. We validate the BO-Aug on three widely used image classification datasets, including CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and SVHN. Experimental results show that the proposed method can achieve state-of-the-art or near advanced classification accuracy. Code to reproduce our experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhangxiaozao/BO-Aug" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 37.DLIMD: Dictionary Learning based Image-domain Material Decomposition for spectral CT  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02567.pdf)
>  The potential huge advantage of spectral computed tomography (CT) is its capability to provide accuracy material identification and quantitative tissue information. This can benefit clinical applications, such as brain angiography, early tumor recognition, etc. To achieve more accurate material components with higher material image quality, we develop a dictionary learning based image-domain material decomposition (DLIMD) for spectral CT in this paper. First, we reconstruct spectral CT image from projections and calculate material coefficients matrix by selecting uniform regions of basis materials from image reconstruction results. Second, we employ the direct inversion (DI) method to obtain initial material decomposition results, and a set of image patches are extracted from the mode-1 unfolding of normalized material image tensor to train a united dictionary by the K-SVD technique. Third, the trained dictionary is employed to explore the similarities from decomposed material images by constructing the DLIMD model. Fourth, more constraints (i.e., volume conservation and the bounds of each pixel within material maps) are further integrated into the model to improve the accuracy of material decomposition. Finally, both physical phantom and preclinical experiments are employed to evaluate the performance of the proposed DLIMD in material decomposition accuracy, material image edge preservation and feature recovery. 
### 38.Ocular Diseases Diagnosis in Fundus Images using a Deep Learning: Approaches, tools and Performance evaluation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02544.pdf)
>  Ocular pathology detection from fundus images presents an important challenge on health care. In fact, each pathology has different severity stages that may be deduced by verifying the existence of specific lesions. Each lesion is characterized by morphological features. Moreover, several lesions of different pathologies have similar features. We note that patient may be affected simultaneously by several pathologies. Consequently, the ocular pathology detection presents a multi-class classification with a complex resolution principle. Several detection methods of ocular pathologies from fundus images have been proposed. The methods based on deep learning are distinguished by higher performance detection, due to their capability to configure the network with respect to the detection objective. This work proposes a survey of ocular pathology detection methods based on deep learning. First, we study the existing methods either for lesion segmentation or pathology classification. Afterwards, we extract the principle steps of processing and we analyze the proposed neural network structures. Subsequently, we identify the hardware and software environment required to employ the deep learning architecture. Thereafter, we investigate about the experimentation principles involved to evaluate the methods and the databases used either for training and testing phases. The detection performance ratios and execution times are also reported and discussed. 
### 39.Generating Realistic Unrestricted Adversarial Inputs using Dual-Objective GAN Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02463.pdf)
>  The correctness of deep neural networks is well-known to be vulnerable to small, 'adversarial' perturbations of their inputs. Although studying these attacks is valuable, they do not necessarily conform to any real-world threat model. This has led to interest in the generation of (and robustness to) unrestricted adversarial inputs, which are not constructed as small perturbations of correctly-classified ground-truth inputs. We introduce a novel algorithm to generate realistic unrestricted adversarial inputs, in the sense that they cannot reliably be distinguished from the training dataset by a human. This is achieved by modifying generative adversarial networks: a generator neural network is trained to construct examples that deceive a fixed target network (so they are adversarial) while also deceiving the usual co-training discriminator network (so they are realistic). Our approach is demonstrated by the generation of unrestricted adversarial inputs for a trained image classifier that is robust to perturbation-based attacks. We find that human judges are unable to identify which image out of ten was generated by our method about 50 percent of the time, providing evidence that they are moderately realistic. 
### 40.Representation of White- and Black-Box Adversarial Examples in Deep Neural Networks and Humans: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02422.pdf)
>  The recent success of brain-inspired deep neural networks (DNNs) in solving complex, high-level visual tasks has led to rising expectations for their potential to match the human visual system. However, DNNs exhibit idiosyncrasies that suggest their visual representation and processing might be substantially different from human vision. One limitation of DNNs is that they are vulnerable to adversarial examples, input images on which subtle, carefully designed noises are added to fool a machine classifier. The robustness of the human visual system against adversarial examples is potentially of great importance as it could uncover a key mechanistic feature that machine vision is yet to incorporate. In this study, we compare the visual representations of white- and black-box adversarial examples in DNNs and humans by leveraging functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). We find a small but significant difference in representation patterns for different (i.e. white- versus black- box) types of adversarial examples for both humans and DNNs. However, human performance on categorical judgment is not degraded by noise regardless of the type unlike DNN. These results suggest that adversarial examples may be differentially represented in the human visual system, but unable to affect the perceptual experience. 
### 41.Are Graph Neural Networks Miscalibrated?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02296.pdf)
>  Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have proven to be successful in many classification tasks, outperforming previous state-of-the-art methods in terms of accuracy. However, accuracy alone is not enough for high-stakes decision making. Decision makers want to know the likelihood that a specific GNN prediction is correct. For this purpose, obtaining calibrated models is essential. In this work, we analyze the calibration of state-of-the-art GNNs on multiple datasets. Our experiments show that GNNs can be calibrated in some datasets but also badly miscalibrated in others, and that state-of-the-art calibration methods are helpful but do not fix the problem. 
### 42.Caveats in Generating Medical Imaging Labels from Radiology Reports  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02283.pdf)
>  Acquiring high-quality annotations in medical imaging is usually a costly process. Automatic label extraction with natural language processing (NLP) has emerged as a promising workaround to bypass the need of expert annotation. Despite the convenience, the limitation of such an approximation has not been carefully examined and is not well understood. With a challenging set of 1,000 chest X-ray studies and their corresponding radiology reports, we show that there exists a surprisingly large discrepancy between what radiologists visually perceive and what they clinically report. Furthermore, with inherently flawed report as ground truth, the state-of-the-art medical NLP fails to produce high-fidelity labels. 
### 43.MixMatch: A Holistic Approach to Semi-Supervised Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02249.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning has proven to be a powerful paradigm for leveraging unlabeled data to mitigate the reliance on large labeled datasets. In this work, we unify the current dominant approaches for semi-supervised learning to produce a new algorithm, MixMatch, that works by guessing low-entropy labels for data-augmented unlabeled examples and mixing labeled and unlabeled data using MixUp. We show that MixMatch obtains state-of-the-art results by a large margin across many datasets and labeled data amounts. For example, on CIFAR-10 with 250 labels, we reduce error rate by a factor of 4 (from 38% to 11%) and by a factor of 2 on STL-10. We also demonstrate how MixMatch can help achieve a dramatically better accuracy-privacy trade-off for differential privacy. Finally, we perform an ablation study to tease apart which components of MixMatch are most important for its success. 
### 44.Back to the Future: Predicting Traffic Shockwave Formation and Propagation Using a Convolutional Encoder-Decoder Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02197.pdf)
>  This study proposes a deep learning methodology to predict the propagation of traffic shockwaves. The input to the deep neural network is time-space diagram of the study segment, and the output of the network is the predicted (future) propagation of the shockwave on the study segment in the form of time-space diagram. The main feature of the proposed methodology is the ability to extract the features embedded in the time-space diagram to predict the propagation of traffic shockwaves. 
