# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 1 Sep 2020
### 1.Online Spatiotemporal Action Detection and Prediction via Causal Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13759.pdf)
>  In this thesis, we focus on video action understanding problems from an online and real-time processing point of view. We start with the conversion of the traditional offline spatiotemporal action detection pipeline into an online spatiotemporal action tube detection system. An action tube is a set of bounding connected over time, which bounds an action instance in space and time. Next, we explore the future prediction capabilities of such detection methods by extending an existing action tube into the future by regression. Later, we seek to establish that online/causal representations can achieve similar performance to that of offline three dimensional (3D) convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on various tasks, including action recognition, temporal action segmentation and early prediction.      
### 2.Reinforced Axial Refinement Network for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13748.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D object detection aims to extract the 3D position and properties of objects from a 2D input image. This is an ill-posed problem with a major difficulty lying in the information loss by depth-agnostic cameras. Conventional approaches sample 3D bounding boxes from the space and infer the relationship between the target object and each of them, however, the probability of effective samples is relatively small in the 3D space. To improve the efficiency of sampling, we propose to start with an initial prediction and refine it gradually towards the ground truth, with only one 3d parameter changed in each step. This requires designing a policy which gets a reward after several steps, and thus we adopt reinforcement learning to optimize it. The proposed framework, Reinforced Axial Refinement Network (RAR-Net), serves as a post-processing stage which can be freely integrated into existing monocular 3D detection methods, and improve the performance on the KITTI dataset with small extra computational costs.      
### 3.RecSal : Deep Recursive Supervision for Visual Saliency Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13745.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art saliency prediction methods develop upon model architectures or loss functions; while training to generate one target saliency map. However, publicly available saliency prediction datasets can be utilized to create more information for each stimulus than just a final aggregate saliency map. This information when utilized in a biologically inspired fashion can contribute in better prediction performance without the use of models with huge number of parameters. In this light, we propose to extract and use the statistics of (a) region specific saliency and (b) temporal order of fixations, to provide additional context to our network. We show that extra supervision using spatially or temporally sequenced fixations results in achieving better performance in saliency prediction. Further, we also design novel architectures for utilizing this extra information and show that it achieves superior performance over a base model which is devoid of extra supervision. We show that our best method outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods with 50-80% fewer parameters. We also show that our models perform consistently well across all evaluation metrics unlike prior methods.      
### 4.RESA: Recurrent Feature-Shift Aggregator for Lane Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13719.pdf)
>  Lane detection is one of the most important tasks in self-driving. Due to various complex scenarios (e.g., severe occlusion, ambiguous lanes, and etc.) and the sparse supervisory signals inherent in lane annotations, lane detection task is still challenging. Thus, it is difficult for ordinary convolutional neural network (CNN) trained in general scenes to catch subtle lane feature from raw image. In this paper, we present a novel module named REcurrent Feature-Shift Aggregator (RESA) to enrich lane feature after preliminary feature extraction with an ordinary CNN. RESA takes advantage of strong shape priors of lanes and captures spatial relationships of pixels across rows and columns. It shifts sliced feature map recurrently in vertical and horizontal directions and enables each pixel to gather global information. With the help of slice-by-slice information propagation, RESA can conjecture lanes accurately in challenging scenarios with weak appearance clues. Moreover, we also propose a Bilateral Up-Sampling Decoder which combines coarse grained feature and fine detailed feature in up-sampling stage, and it can recover low-resolution feature map into pixel-wise prediction meticulously. Our method achieves state-of-the-art results on two popular lane detection benchmarks (CULane and Tusimple). The code will be released publicly available.      
### 5.Extracting full-field subpixel structural displacements from videos via deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13715.pdf)
>  This paper develops a deep learning framework based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) that enable real-time extraction of full-field subpixel structural displacements from videos. In particular, two new CNN architectures are designed and trained on a dataset generated by the phase-based motion extraction method from a single lab-recorded high-speed video of a dynamic structure. As displacement is only reliable in the regions with sufficient texture contrast, the sparsity of motion field induced by the texture mask is considered via the network architecture design and loss function definition. Results show that, with the supervision of full and sparse motion field, the trained network is capable of identifying the pixels with sufficient texture contrast as well as their subpixel motions. The performance of the trained networks is tested on various videos of other structures to extract the full-field motion (e.g., displacement time histories), which indicates that the trained networks have generalizability to accurately extract full-field subtle displacements for pixels with sufficient texture contrast.      
### 6.Initial Classifier Weights Replay for Memoryless Class Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13710.pdf)
>  Incremental Learning (IL) is useful when artificial systems need to deal with streams of data and do not have access to all data at all times. The most challenging setting requires a constant complexity of the deep model and an incremental model update without access to a bounded memory of past data. Then, the representations of past classes are strongly affected by catastrophic forgetting. To mitigate its negative effect, an adapted fine tuning which includes knowledge distillation is usually deployed. We propose a different approach based on a vanilla fine tuning backbone. It leverages initial classifier weights which provide a strong representation of past classes because they are trained with all class data. However, the magnitude of classifiers learned in different states varies and normalization is needed for a fair handling of all classes. Normalization is performed by standardizing the initial classifier weights, which are assumed to be normally distributed. In addition, a calibration of prediction scores is done by using state level statistics to further improve classification fairness. We conduct a thorough evaluation with four public datasets in a memoryless incremental learning setting. Results show that our method outperforms existing techniques by a large margin for large-scale datasets.      
### 7.Learning to Localize Actions from Moments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13705.pdf)
>  With the knowledge of action moments (i.e., trimmed video clips that each contains an action instance), humans could routinely localize an action temporally in an untrimmed video. Nevertheless, most practical methods still require all training videos to be labeled with temporal annotations (action category and temporal boundary) and develop the models in a fully-supervised manner, despite expensive labeling efforts and inapplicable to new categories. In this paper, we introduce a new design of transfer learning type to learn action localization for a large set of action categories, but only on action moments from the categories of interest and temporal annotations of untrimmed videos from a small set of action classes. Specifically, we present Action Herald Networks (AherNet) that integrate such design into an one-stage action localization framework. Technically, a weight transfer function is uniquely devised to build the transformation between classification of action moments or foreground video segments and action localization in synthetic contextual moments or untrimmed videos. The context of each moment is learnt through the adversarial mechanism to differentiate the generated features from those of background in untrimmed videos. Extensive experiments are conducted on the learning both across the splits of ActivityNet v1.3 and from THUMOS14 to ActivityNet v1.3. Our AherNet demonstrates the superiority even comparing to most fully-supervised action localization methods. More remarkably, we train AherNet to localize actions from 600 categories on the leverage of action moments in Kinetics-600 and temporal annotations from 200 classes in ActivityNet v1.3. Source code and data are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FuchenUSTC/AherNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 8.Adversarial Patch Camouflage against Aerial Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13671.pdf)
>  Detection of military assets on the ground can be performed by applying deep learning-based object detectors on drone surveillance footage. The traditional way of hiding military assets from sight is camouflage, for example by using camouflage nets. However, large assets like planes or vessels are difficult to conceal by means of traditional camouflage nets. An alternative type of camouflage is the direct misleading of automatic object detectors. Recently, it has been observed that small adversarial changes applied to images of the object can produce erroneous output by deep learning-based detectors. In particular, adversarial attacks have been successfully demonstrated to prohibit person detections in images, requiring a patch with a specific pattern held up in front of the person, thereby essentially camouflaging the person for the detector. Research into this type of patch attacks is still limited and several questions related to the optimal patch configuration remain open. <br>This work makes two contributions. First, we apply patch-based adversarial attacks for the use case of unmanned aerial surveillance, where the patch is laid on top of large military assets, camouflaging them from automatic detectors running over the imagery. The patch can prevent automatic detection of the whole object while only covering a small part of it. Second, we perform several experiments with different patch configurations, varying their size, position, number and saliency. Our results show that adversarial patch attacks form a realistic alternative to traditional camouflage activities, and should therefore be considered in the automated analysis of aerial surveillance imagery.      
### 9.Radar+RGB Attentive Fusion for Robust Object Detection in Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13642.pdf)
>  This paper presents two variations of architecture referred to as RANet and BIRANet. The proposed architecture aims to use radar signal data along with RGB camera images to form a robust detection network that works efficiently, even in variable lighting and weather conditions such as rain, dust, fog, and others. First, radar information is fused in the feature extractor network. Second, radar points are used to generate guided anchors. Third, a method is proposed to improve region proposal network targets. BIRANet yields 72.3/75.3% average AP/AR on the NuScenes dataset, which is better than the performance of our base network Faster-RCNN with Feature pyramid network(FFPN). RANet gives 69.6/71.9% average AP/AR on the same dataset, which is reasonably acceptable performance. Also, both BIRANet and RANet are evaluated to be robust towards the noise.      
### 10.Continuous Color Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13626.pdf)
>  Color transfer, which plays a key role in image editing, has attracted noticeable attention recently. It has remained a challenge to date due to various issues such as time-consuming manual adjustments and prior segmentation issues. In this paper, we propose to model color transfer under a probability framework and cast it as a parameter estimation problem. In particular, we relate the transferred image with the example image under the Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) and regard the transferred image color as the GMM centroids. We employ the Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm (E-step and M-step) for optimization. To better preserve gradient information, we introduce a Laplacian based regularization term to the objective function at the M-step which is solved by deriving a gradient descent algorithm. Given the input of a source image and an example image, our method is able to generate continuous color transfer results with increasing EM iterations. Various experiments show that our approach generally outperforms other competitive color transfer methods, both visually and quantitatively.      
### 11.Galaxy Morphology Classification using EfficientNet Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13611.pdf)
>  We study the usage of EfficientNets and their applications to Galaxy Morphology Classification. We explore the usage of EfficientNets into predicting the vote fractions of the 79,975 testing images from the Galaxy Zoo 2 challenge on Kaggle. We evaluate this model using the standard competition metric i.e. rmse score and rank among the top 3 on the public leaderboard with a public score of 0.07765. We propose a fine-tuned architecture using EfficientNetB5 to classify galaxies into seven classes - completely round smooth, in-between smooth, cigarshaped smooth, lenticular, barred spiral, unbarred spiral and irregular. The network along with other popular convolutional networks are used to classify 29,941 galaxy images. Different metrics such as accuracy, recall, precision, F1 score are used to evaluate the performance of the model along with a comparative study of other state of the art convolutional models to determine which one performs the best. We obtain an accuracy of 93.7% on our classification model with an F1 score of 0.8857. EfficientNets can be applied to large scale galaxy classification in future optical space surveys which will provide a large amount of data such as the Large Synoptic Space Telescope.      
### 12.iLGaCo: Incremental Learning of Gait Covariate Factors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13507.pdf)
>  Gait is a popular biometric pattern used for identifying people based on their way of walking. Traditionally, gait recognition approaches based on deep learning are trained using the whole training dataset. In fact, if new data (classes, view-points, walking conditions, etc.) need to be included, it is necessary to re-train again the model with old and new data samples. <br>In this paper, we propose iLGaCo, the first incremental learning approach of covariate factors for gait recognition, where the deep model can be updated with new information without re-training it from scratch by using the whole dataset. Instead, our approach performs a shorter training process with the new data and a small subset of previous samples. This way, our model learns new information while retaining previous knowledge. <br>We evaluate iLGaCo on CASIA-B dataset in two incremental ways: adding new view-points and adding new walking conditions. In both cases, our results are close to the classical `training-from-scratch' approach, obtaining a marginal drop in accuracy ranging from 0.2% to 1.2%, what shows the efficacy of our approach. In addition, the comparison of iLGaCo with other incremental learning methods, such as LwF and iCarl, shows a significant improvement in accuracy, between 6% and 15% depending on the experiment.      
### 13.Deep Probabilistic Feature-metric Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13504.pdf)
>  Dense image alignment from RGB-D images remains a critical issue for real-world applications, especially under challenging lighting conditions and in a wide baseline setting. In this paper, we propose a new framework to learn a pixel-wise deep feature map and a deep feature-metric uncertainty map predicted by a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), which together formulate a deep probabilistic feature-metric residual of the two-view constraint that can be minimised using Gauss-Newton in a coarse-to-fine optimisation framework. Furthermore, our network predicts a deep initial pose for faster and more reliable convergence. The optimisation steps are differentiable and unrolled to train in an end-to-end fashion. Due to its probabilistic essence, our approach can easily couple with other residuals, where we show a combination with ICP. Experimental results demonstrate state-of-the-art performance on the TUM RGB-D dataset and 3D rigid object tracking dataset. We further demonstrate our method's robustness and convergence qualitatively.      
### 14.Receptive Multi-granularity Representation for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13450.pdf)
>  A key for person re-identification is achieving consistent local details for discriminative representation across variable environments. Current stripe-based feature learning approaches have delivered impressive accuracy, but do not make a proper trade-off between diversity, locality, and robustness, which easily suffers from part semantic inconsistency for the conflict between rigid partition and misalignment. This paper proposes a receptive multi-granularity learning approach to facilitate stripe-based feature learning. This approach performs local partition on the intermediate representations to operate receptive region ranges, rather than current approaches on input images or output features, thus can enhance the representation of locality while remaining proper local association. Toward this end, the local partitions are adaptively pooled by using significance-balanced activations for uniform stripes. Random shifting augmentation is further introduced for a higher variance of person appearing regions within bounding boxes to ease misalignment. By two-branch network architecture, different scales of discriminative identity representation can be learned. In this way, our model can provide a more comprehensive and efficient feature representation without larger model storage costs. Extensive experiments on intra-dataset and cross-dataset evaluations demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Especially, our approach achieves a state-of-the-art accuracy of 96.2%@Rank-1 or 90.0%@mAP on the challenging Market-1501 benchmark.      
### 15.Self-supervised Video Representation Learning by Uncovering Spatio-temporal Statistics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13426.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel pretext task to address the self-supervised video representation learning problem. Specifically, given an unlabeled video clip, we compute a series of spatio-temporal statistical summaries, such as the spatial location and dominant direction of the largest motion, the spatial location and dominant color of the largest color diversity along the temporal axis, etc. Then a neural network is built and trained to yield the statistical summaries given the video frames as inputs. In order to alleviate the learning difficulty, we employ several spatial partitioning patterns to encode rough spatial locations instead of exact spatial Cartesian coordinates. Our approach is inspired by the observation that human visual system is sensitive to rapidly changing contents in the visual field, and only needs impressions about rough spatial locations to understand the visual contents. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach, we conduct extensive experiments with several 3D backbone networks, i.e., C3D, 3D-ResNet and R(2+1)D. The results show that our approach outperforms the existing approaches across the three backbone networks on various downstream video analytic tasks including action recognition, video retrieval, dynamic scene recognition, and action similarity labeling. The source code is made publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/laura-wang/video_repres_sts" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Evaluating Single Image Dehazing Methods Under Realistic Sunlight Haze  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13377.pdf)
>  Haze can degrade the visibility and the image quality drastically, thus degrading the performance of computer vision tasks such as object detection. Single image dehazing is a challenging and ill-posed problem, despite being widely studied. Most existing methods assume that haze has a uniform/homogeneous distribution and haze can have a single color, i.e. grayish white color similar to smoke, while in reality haze can be distributed non-uniformly with different patterns and colors. In this paper, we focus on haze created by sunlight as it is one of the most prevalent type of haze in the wild. Sunlight can generate non-uniformly distributed haze with drastic density changes due to sun rays and also a spectrum of haze color due to sunlight color changes during the day. This presents a new challenge to image dehazing methods. For these methods to be practical, this problem needs to be addressed. To quantify the challenges and assess the performance of these methods, we present a sunlight haze benchmark dataset, Sun-Haze, containing 107 hazy images with different types of haze created by sunlight having a variety of intensity and color. We evaluate a representative set of state-of-the-art image dehazing methods on this benchmark dataset in terms of standard metrics such as PSNR, SSIM, CIEDE2000, PI and NIQE. This uncovers the limitation of the current methods, and questions their underlying assumptions as well as their practicality.      
### 17.Introducing Representations of Facial Affect in Automated Multimodal Deception Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13369.pdf)
>  Automated deception detection systems can enhance health, justice, and security in society by helping humans detect deceivers in high-stakes situations across medical and legal domains, among others. This paper presents a novel analysis of the discriminative power of dimensional representations of facial affect for automated deception detection, along with interpretable features from visual, vocal, and verbal modalities. We used a video dataset of people communicating truthfully or deceptively in real-world, high-stakes courtroom situations. We leveraged recent advances in automated emotion recognition in-the-wild by implementing a state-of-the-art deep neural network trained on the Aff-Wild database to extract continuous representations of facial valence and facial arousal from speakers. We experimented with unimodal Support Vector Machines (SVM) and SVM-based multimodal fusion methods to identify effective features, modalities, and modeling approaches for detecting deception. Unimodal models trained on facial affect achieved an AUC of 80%, and facial affect contributed towards the highest-performing multimodal approach (adaptive boosting) that achieved an AUC of 91% when tested on speakers who were not part of training sets. This approach achieved a higher AUC than existing automated machine learning approaches that used interpretable visual, vocal, and verbal features to detect deception in this dataset, but did not use facial affect. Across all videos, deceptive and truthful speakers exhibited significant differences in facial valence and facial arousal, contributing computational support to existing psychological theories on affect and deception. The demonstrated importance of facial affect in our models informs and motivates the future development of automated, affect-aware machine learning approaches for modeling and detecting deception and other social behaviors in-the-wild.      
### 18.VarifocalNet: An IoU-aware Dense Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13367.pdf)
>  Accurately ranking a huge number of candidate detections is a key to the high-performance dense object detector. While prior work uses the classification score or the combination of it and the IoU-based localization score as the ranking basis, neither of them can reliably represent the rank, and this harms the detection performance. In this paper, we propose to learn IoU-aware classification scores (IACS) that simultaneously represent the object presence confidence and localization accuracy, to produce a more accurate rank of detections in dense object detectors. In particular, we design a new loss function, named Varifocal Loss, for training a dense object detector to predict the IACS, and a new efficient star-shaped bounding box feature representation for estimating the IACS and refining coarse bounding boxes. Combining these two new components and a bounding box refinement branch, we build a new dense object detector on the FCOS architecture, what we call VarifocalNet or VFNet for short. Extensive experiments on MS COCO benchmark show that our VFNet consistently surpasses the strong baseline by $\sim$2.0 AP with different backbones and our best model with Res2Net-101-DCN reaches a single-model single-scale AP of 51.3 on COCO test-dev, achieving the state-of-the-art among various object detectors. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hyz-xmaster/VarifocalNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 19.Sentence Guided Temporal Modulation for Dynamic Video Thumbnail Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13362.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of sentence specified dynamic video thumbnail generation. Given an input video and a user query sentence, the goal is to generate a video thumbnail that not only provides the preview of the video content, but also semantically corresponds to the sentence. In this paper, we propose a sentence guided temporal modulation (SGTM) mechanism that utilizes the sentence embedding to modulate the normalized temporal activations of the video thumbnail generation network. Unlike the existing state-of-the-art method that uses recurrent architectures, we propose a non-recurrent framework that is simple and allows much more parallelization. Extensive experiments and analysis on a large-scale dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework.      
### 20.DeepFacePencil: Creating Face Images from Freehand Sketches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13343.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the task of generating photo-realistic face images from hand-drawn sketches. Existing image-to-image translation methods require a large-scale dataset of paired sketches and images for supervision. They typically utilize synthesized edge maps of face images as training data. However, these synthesized edge maps strictly align with the edges of the corresponding face images, which limit their generalization ability to real hand-drawn sketches with vast stroke diversity. To address this problem, we propose DeepFacePencil, an effective tool that is able to generate photo-realistic face images from hand-drawn sketches, based on a novel dual generator image translation network during training. A novel spatial attention pooling (SAP) is designed to adaptively handle stroke distortions which are spatially varying to support various stroke styles and different levels of details. We conduct extensive experiments and the results demonstrate the superiority of our model over existing methods on both image quality and model generalization to hand-drawn sketches.      
### 21.Shape Defense  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13336.pdf)
>  Humans rely heavily on shape information to recognize objects. Conversely, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are biased more towards texture. This is perhaps the main reason why CNNs are vulnerable to adversarial examples. Here, we explore how shape bias can be incorporated into CNNs to improve their robustness. Two algorithms are proposed, based on the observation that edges are invariant to moderate imperceptible perturbations. In the first one, a classifier is adversarially trained on images with the edge map as an additional channel. At inference time, the edge map is recomputed and concatenated to the image. In the second algorithm, a conditional GAN is trained to translate the edge maps, from clean and/or perturbed images, into clean images. Inference is done over the generated image corresponding to the input's edge map. Extensive experiments over 10 datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms against FGSM and $\ell_\infty$ PGD-40 attacks. Further, we show that a) edge information can also benefit other adversarial training methods, and b) CNNs trained on edge-augmented inputs are more robust against natural image corruptions such as motion blur, impulse noise and JPEG compression, than CNNs trained solely on RGB images. From a broader perspective, our study suggests that CNNs do not adequately account for image structures that are crucial for robustness. Code is available at:~\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aliborji/Shapedefence.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 22.An Integrated Approach to Produce Robust Models with High Efficiency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13305.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) needs to be both efficient and robust for practical uses. Quantization and structure simplification are promising ways to adapt DNNs to mobile devices, and adversarial training is the most popular method to make DNNs robust. In this work, we try to obtain both features by applying a convergent relaxation quantization algorithm, Binary-Relax (BR), to a robust adversarial-trained model, ResNets Ensemble via Feynman-Kac Formalism (EnResNet). We also discover that high precision, such as ternary (tnn) and 4-bit, quantization will produce sparse DNNs. However, this sparsity is unstructured under advarsarial training. To solve the problems that adversarial training jeopardizes DNNs' accuracy on clean images and the struture of sparsity, we design a trade-off loss function that helps DNNs preserve their natural accuracy and improve the channel sparsity. With our trade-off loss function, we achieve both goals with no reduction of resistance under weak attacks and very minor reduction of resistance under strong attcks. Together with quantized EnResNet with trade-off loss function, we provide robust models that have high efficiency.      
### 23.Deep Volumetric Universal Lesion Detection using Light-Weight Pseudo 3D Convolution and Surface Point Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13254.pdf)
>  Identifying, measuring and reporting lesions accurately and comprehensively from patient CT scans are important yet time-consuming procedures for physicians. Computer-aided lesion/significant-findings detection techniques are at the core of medical imaging, which remain very challenging due to the tremendously large variability of lesion appearance, location and size distributions in 3D imaging. In this work, we propose a novel deep anchor-free one-stage VULD framework that incorporates (1) P3DC operators to recycle the architectural configurations and pre-trained weights from the off-the-shelf 2D networks, especially ones with large capacities to cope with data variance, and (2) a new SPR method to effectively regress the 3D lesion spatial extents by pinpointing their representative key points on lesion surfaces. Experimental validations are first conducted on the public large-scale NIH DeepLesion dataset where our proposed method delivers new state-of-the-art quantitative performance. We also test VULD on our in-house dataset for liver tumor detection. VULD generalizes well in both large-scale and small-sized tumor datasets in CT imaging.      
### 24.A Compact Deep Architecture for Real-time Saliency Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13227.pdf)
>  Saliency computation models aim to imitate the attention mechanism in the human visual system. The application of deep neural networks for saliency prediction has led to a drastic improvement over the last few years. However, deep models have a high number of parameters which makes them less suitable for real-time applications. Here we propose a compact yet fast model for real-time saliency prediction. Our proposed model consists of a modified U-net architecture, a novel fully connected layer, and central difference convolutional layers. The modified U-Net architecture promotes compactness and efficiency. The novel fully-connected layer facilitates the implicit capturing of the location-dependent information. Using the central difference convolutional layers at different scales enables capturing more robust and biologically motivated features. We compare our model with state of the art saliency models using traditional saliency scores as well as our newly devised scheme. Experimental results over four challenging saliency benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in striking a balance between accuracy and speed. Our model can be run in real-time which makes it appealing for edge devices and video processing.      
### 25.Finding Action Tubes with a Sparse-to-Dense Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13196.pdf)
>  The task of spatial-temporal action detection has attracted increasing attention among researchers. Existing dominant methods solve this problem by relying on short-term information and dense serial-wise detection on each individual frames or clips. Despite their effectiveness, these methods showed inadequate use of long-term information and are prone to inefficiency. In this paper, we propose for the first time, an efficient framework that generates action tube proposals from video streams with a single forward pass in a sparse-to-dense manner. There are two key characteristics in this framework: (1) Both long-term and short-term sampled information are explicitly utilized in our spatiotemporal network, (2) A new dynamic feature sampling module (DTS) is designed to effectively approximate the tube output while keeping the system tractable. We evaluate the efficacy of our model on the UCF101-24, JHMDB-21 and UCFSports benchmark datasets, achieving promising results that are competitive to state-of-the-art methods. The proposed sparse-to-dense strategy rendered our framework about 7.6 times more efficient than the nearest competitor.      
### 26.Learn by Observation: Imitation Learning for Drone Patrolling from Videos of A Human Navigator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13193.pdf)
>  We present an imitation learning method for autonomous drone patrolling based only on raw videos. Different from previous methods, we propose to let the drone learn patrolling in the air by observing and imitating how a human navigator does it on the ground. The observation process enables the automatic collection and annotation of data using inter-frame geometric consistency, resulting in less manual effort and high accuracy. Then a newly designed neural network is trained based on the annotated data to predict appropriate directions and translations for the drone to patrol in a lane-keeping manner as humans. Our method allows the drone to fly at a high altitude with a broad view and low risk. It can also detect all accessible directions at crossroads and further carry out the integration of available user instructions and autonomous patrolling control commands. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the accuracy of the proposed imitating learning process as well as the reliability of the holistic system for autonomous drone navigation. The codes, datasets as well as video demonstrations are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vsislab.github.io/uavpatrol" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 27.Transfer Learning-based Road Damage Detection for Multiple Countries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13101.pdf)
>  Many municipalities and road authorities seek to implement automated evaluation of road damage. However, they often lack technology, know-how, and funds to afford state-of-the-art equipment for data collection and analysis of road damages. Although some countries, like Japan, have developed less expensive and readily available Smartphone-based methods for automatic road condition monitoring, other countries still struggle to find efficient solutions. This work makes the following contributions in this context. Firstly, it assesses the usability of the Japanese model for other countries. Secondly, it proposes a large-scale heterogeneous road damage dataset comprising 26620 images collected from multiple countries using smartphones. Thirdly, we propose generalized models capable of detecting and classifying road damages in more than one country. Lastly, we provide recommendations for readers, local agencies, and municipalities of other countries when one other country publishes its data and model for automatic road damage detection and classification. Our dataset is available at (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sekilab/RoadDamageDetector/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 28.An automatic framework to study the tissue micro-environment of renal glomeruli in differently stained consecutive digital whole slide images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13050.pdf)
>  Objective: This article presents an automatic image processing framework to extract quantitative high-level information describing the micro-environment of glomeruli in consecutive whole slide images (WSIs) processed with different staining modalities of patients with chronic kidney rejection after kidney transplantation. Methods: This three step framework consists of: 1) cell and anatomical structure segmentation based on colour deconvolution and deep learning 2) fusion of information from different stainings using a newly developed registration algorithm 3) feature extraction. Results: Each step of the framework is validated independently both quantitatively and qualitatively by pathologists. An illustration of the different types of features that can be extracted is presented. Conclusion: The proposed generic framework allows for the analysis of the micro-environment surrounding large structures that can be segmented (either manually or automatically). It is independent of the segmentation approach and is therefore applicable to a variety of biomedical research questions. Significance: Chronic tissue remodelling processes after kidney transplantation can result in interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy (IFTA) and glomerulosclerosis. This pipeline provides tools to quantitatively analyse, in the same spatial context, information from different consecutive WSIs and help researchers understand the complex underlying mechanisms leading to IFTA and glomerulosclerosis.      
### 29.Dual Attention GANs for Semantic Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13024.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the semantic image synthesis task that aims at transferring semantic label maps to photo-realistic images. Existing methods lack effective semantic constraints to preserve the semantic information and ignore the structural correlations in both spatial and channel dimensions, leading to unsatisfactory blurry and artifact-prone results. To address these limitations, we propose a novel Dual Attention GAN (DAGAN) to synthesize photo-realistic and semantically-consistent images with fine details from the input layouts without imposing extra training overhead or modifying the network architectures of existing methods. We also propose two novel modules, i.e., position-wise Spatial Attention Module (SAM) and scale-wise Channel Attention Module (CAM), to capture semantic structure attention in spatial and channel dimensions, respectively. Specifically, SAM selectively correlates the pixels at each position by a spatial attention map, leading to pixels with the same semantic label being related to each other regardless of their spatial distances. Meanwhile, CAM selectively emphasizes the scale-wise features at each channel by a channel attention map, which integrates associated features among all channel maps regardless of their scales. We finally sum the outputs of SAM and CAM to further improve feature representation. Extensive experiments on four challenging datasets show that DAGAN achieves remarkably better results than state-of-the-art methods, while using fewer model parameters. The source code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Ha0Tang/DAGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Adaptive Exploitation of Pre-trained Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Robust Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13015.pdf)
>  Due to the automatic feature extraction procedure via multi-layer nonlinear transformations, the deep learning-based visual trackers have recently achieved great success in challenging scenarios for visual tracking purposes. Although many of those trackers utilize the feature maps from pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs), the effects of selecting different models and exploiting various combinations of their feature maps are still not compared completely. To the best of our knowledge, all those methods use a fixed number of convolutional feature maps without considering the scene attributes (e.g., occlusion, deformation, and fast motion) that might occur during tracking. As a pre-requisition, this paper proposes adaptive discriminative correlation filters (DCF) based on the methods that can exploit CNN models with different topologies. First, the paper provides a comprehensive analysis of four commonly used CNN models to determine the best feature maps of each model. Second, with the aid of analysis results as attribute dictionaries, adaptive exploitation of deep features is proposed to improve the accuracy and robustness of visual trackers regarding video characteristics. Third, the generalization of the proposed method is validated on various tracking datasets as well as CNN models with similar architectures. Finally, extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed adaptive method compared with state-of-the-art visual tracking methods.      
### 31.Lymph Node Gross Tumor Volume Detection in Oncology Imaging via Relationship Learning Using Graph Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13013.pdf)
>  Determining the spread of GTV$_{LN}$ is essential in defining the respective resection or irradiating regions for the downstream workflows of surgical resection and radiotherapy for many cancers. Different from the more common enlarged lymph node (LN), GTV$_{LN}$ also includes smaller ones if associated with high positron emission tomography signals and/or any metastasis signs in CT. This is a daunting task. In this work, we propose a unified LN appearance and inter-LN relationship learning framework to detect the true GTV$_{LN}$. This is motivated by the prior clinical knowledge that LNs form a connected lymphatic system, and the spread of cancer cells among LNs often follows certain pathways. Specifically, we first utilize a 3D convolutional neural network with ROI-pooling to extract the GTV$_{LN}$'s instance-wise appearance features. Next, we introduce a graph neural network to further model the inter-LN relationships where the global LN-tumor spatial priors are included in the learning process. This leads to an end-to-end trainable network to detect by classifying GTV$_{LN}$. We operate our model on a set of GTV$_{LN}$ candidates generated by a preliminary 1st-stage method, which has a sensitivity of $&gt;85\%$ at the cost of high false positive (FP) ($&gt;15$ FPs per patient). We validate our approach on a radiotherapy dataset with 142 paired PET/RTCT scans containing the chest and upper abdominal body parts. The proposed method significantly improves over the state-of-the-art (SOTA) LN classification method by $5.5\%$ and $13.1\%$ in F1 score and the averaged sensitivity value at $2, 3, 4, 6$ FPs per patient, respectively.      
### 32.AKHCRNet: Bengali Handwritten Character Recognition Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12995.pdf)
>  I propose a state of the art deep neural architectural solution for handwritten character recognition for Bengali alphabets, compound alphabets as well as numerical digits that achieves state-of-the-art accuracy 96.8% in just 11 epochs. Similar work has been done before by Chatterjee, Dutta, et al. 2019 but they achieved 96.12% accuracy in about 47 epochs. The deep neural architecture used in that paper was fairly large considering the inclusion of the weights of the ResNet 50 model which is a 50-layer Residual Network. This proposed model achieves higher accuracy as compared to any previous work &amp; in a little number of epochs. ResNet50 is a good model trained on the ImageNet dataset, but I propose an HCR network that is trained from the scratch on Bengali characters without the "Ensemble Learning" that can outperform previous architectures.      
### 33.Driving Through Ghosts: Behavioral Cloning with False Positives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12969.pdf)
>  Safe autonomous driving requires robust detection of other traffic participants. However, robust does not mean perfect, and safe systems typically minimize missed detections at the expense of a higher false positive rate. This results in conservative and yet potentially dangerous behavior such as avoiding imaginary obstacles. In the context of behavioral cloning, perceptual errors at training time can lead to learning difficulties or wrong policies, as expert demonstrations might be inconsistent with the perceived world state. In this work, we propose a behavioral cloning approach that can safely leverage imperfect perception without being conservative. Our core contribution is a novel representation of perceptual uncertainty for learning to plan. We propose a new probabilistic birds-eye-view semantic grid to encode the noisy output of object perception systems. We then leverage expert demonstrations to learn an imitative driving policy using this probabilistic representation. Using the CARLA simulator, we show that our approach can safely overcome critical false positives that would otherwise lead to catastrophic failures or conservative behavior.      
### 34.Patch-based Brain Age Estimation from MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12965.pdf)
>  Brain age estimation from Magnetic Resonance Images (MRI) derives the difference between a subject's biological brain age and their chronological age. This is a potential biomarker for neurodegeneration, e.g. as part of Alzheimer's disease. Early detection of neurodegeneration manifesting as a higher brain age can potentially facilitate better medical care and planning for affected individuals. Many studies have been proposed for the prediction of chronological age from brain MRI using machine learning and specifically deep learning techniques. Contrary to most studies, which use the whole brain volume, in this study, we develop a new deep learning approach that uses 3D patches of the brain as well as convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to develop a localised brain age estimator. In this way, we can obtain a visualization of the regions that play the most important role for estimating brain age, leading to more anatomically driven and interpretable results, and thus confirming relevant literature which suggests that the ventricles and the hippocampus are the areas that are most informative. In addition, we leverage this knowledge in order to improve the overall performance on the task of age estimation by combining the results of different patches using an ensemble method, such as averaging or linear regression. The network is trained on the UK Biobank dataset and the method achieves state-of-the-art results with a Mean Absolute Error of 2.46 years for purely regional estimates, and 2.13 years for an ensemble of patches before bias correction, while 1.96 years after bias correction.      
### 35.Zero-Shot Learning from Adversarial Feature Residual to Compact Visual Feature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12962.pdf)
>  Recently, many zero-shot learning (ZSL) methods focused on learning discriminative object features in an embedding feature space, however, the distributions of the unseen-class features learned by these methods are prone to be partly overlapped, resulting in inaccurate object recognition. Addressing this problem, we propose a novel adversarial network to synthesize compact semantic visual features for ZSL, consisting of a residual generator, a prototype predictor, and a discriminator. The residual generator is to generate the visual feature residual, which is integrated with a visual prototype predicted via the prototype predictor for synthesizing the visual feature. The discriminator is to distinguish the synthetic visual features from the real ones extracted from an existing categorization CNN. Since the generated residuals are generally numerically much smaller than the distances among all the prototypes, the distributions of the unseen-class features synthesized by the proposed network are less overlapped. In addition, considering that the visual features from categorization CNNs are generally inconsistent with their semantic features, a simple feature selection strategy is introduced for extracting more compact semantic visual features. Extensive experimental results on six benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method could achieve a significantly better performance than existing state-of-the-art methods by 1.2-13.2% in most cases.      
### 36.Puzzle-AE: Novelty Detection in Images through Solving Puzzles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12959.pdf)
>  Autoencoder (AE) has proved to be an effective framework for novelty detection. However, they do not typically show promising results on other kinds of real-world datasets, which are exhibiting high intra-class variations, such as CIFAR-10. AEs are not generally able to learn a latent space that solely captures common features of the normal class, resulting in both high false positive and false negative rates due to modeling features that are irrelevant to the normal class. Recently, self-supervised learning has shown great promise in representation learning. To this end, we propose a new AE framework that is trained based on solving puzzles on randomly permuted image patches. Based on this framework, we achieve competitive or superior results compared to SOTA anomaly detection methods on various toy and real-world datasets. Unlike many competitors in this field, the proposed framework is stable, has real-time performance, more general and agnostic to choices of the model hyper-parameters, can work effectively under small sample size settings, and does not require unprincipled early stopping.      
### 37.Adaptive Local Structure Consistency based Heterogeneous Remote Sensing Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12958.pdf)
>  Change detection of heterogeneous remote sensing images is an important and challenging topic in remote sensing for emergency situation resulting from nature disaster. Due to the different imaging mechanisms of heterogeneous sensors, it is difficult to directly compare the images. To address this challenge, we explore an unsupervised change detection method based on adaptive local structure consistency (ALSC) between heterogeneous images in this letter, which constructs an adaptive graph representing the local structure for each patch in one image domain and then projects this graph to the other image domain to measure the change level. This local structure consistency exploits the fact that the heterogeneous images share the same structure information for the same ground object, which is imaging modality-invariant. To avoid the leakage of heterogeneous data, the pixelwise change image is calculated in the same image domain by graph projection. Experiment results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed ALSC based change detection method by comparing with some state-of-the-art methods.      
### 38.VR-Caps: A Virtual Environment for Capsule Endoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12949.pdf)
>  Current capsule endoscopes and next-generation robotic capsules for diagnosis and treatment of gastrointestinal diseases are complex cyber-physical platforms that must orchestrate complex software and hardware functions. The desired tasks for these systems include visual localization, depth estimation, 3D mapping, disease detection and segmentation, automated navigation, active control, path realization and optional therapeutic modules such as targeted drug delivery and biopsy sampling. Data-driven algorithms promise to enable many advanced functionalities for capsule endoscopes, but real-world data is challenging to obtain. Physically-realistic simulations providing synthetic data have emerged as a solution to the development of data-driven algorithms. In this work, we present a comprehensive simulation platform for capsule endoscopy operations and introduce VR-Caps, a virtual active capsule environment that simulates a range of normal and abnormal tissue conditions (e.g., inflated, dry, wet etc.) and varied organ types, capsule endoscope designs (e.g., mono, stereo, dual and 360camera), and the type, number, strength, and placement of internal and external magnetic sources that enable active locomotion. VR-Caps makes it possible to both independently or jointly develop, optimize, and test medical imaging and analysis software for the current and next-generation endoscopic capsule systems. To validate this approach, we train state-of-the-art deep neural networks to accomplish various medical image analysis tasks using simulated data from VR-Caps and evaluate the performance of these models on real medical data. Results demonstrate the usefulness and effectiveness of the proposed virtual platform in developing algorithms that quantify fractional coverage, camera trajectory, 3D map reconstruction, and disease classification.      
### 39.On segmentation of pectoralis muscle in digital mammograms by means of deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12904.pdf)
>  Computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) has long become an integral part of radiological management of breast disease, facilitating a number of important clinical applications, including quantitative assessment of breast density and early detection of malignancies based on X-ray mammography. Common to such applications is the need to automatically discriminate between breast tissue and adjacent anatomy, with the latter being predominantly represented by pectoralis major (or pectoral muscle). Especially in the case of mammograms acquired in the mediolateral oblique (MLO) view, the muscle is easily confusable with some elements of breast anatomy due to their morphological and photometric similarity. As a result, the problem of automatic detection and segmentation of pectoral muscle in MLO mammograms remains a challenging task, innovative approaches to which are still required and constantly searched for. To address this problem, the present paper introduces a two-step segmentation strategy based on a combined use of data-driven prediction (deep learning) and graph-based image processing. In particular, the proposed method employs a convolutional neural network (CNN) which is designed to predict the location of breast-pectoral boundary at different levels of spatial resolution. Subsequently, the predictions are used by the second stage of the algorithm, in which the desired boundary is recovered as a solution to the shortest path problem on a specially designed graph. The proposed algorithm has been tested on three different datasets (i.e., MIAS, CBIS-DDSm and InBreast) using a range of quantitative metrics. The results of comparative analysis show considerable improvement over state-of-the-art, while offering the possibility of model-free and fully automatic processing.      
### 40.Self-Organized Operational Neural Networks for Severe Image Restoration Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12894.pdf)
>  Discriminative learning based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) aims to perform image restoration by learning from training examples of noisy-clean image pairs. It has become the go-to methodology for tackling image restoration and has outperformed the traditional non-local class of methods. However, the top-performing networks are generally composed of many convolutional layers and hundreds of neurons, with trainable parameters in excess of several millions. We claim that this is due to the inherent linear nature of convolution-based transformation, which is inadequate for handling severe restoration problems. Recently, a non-linear generalization of CNNs, called the operational neural networks (ONN), has been shown to outperform CNN on AWGN denoising. However, its formulation is burdened by a fixed collection of well-known nonlinear operators and an exhaustive search to find the best possible configuration for a given architecture, whose efficacy is further limited by a fixed output layer operator assignment. In this study, we leverage the Taylor series-based function approximation to propose a self-organizing variant of ONNs, Self-ONNs, for image restoration, which synthesizes novel nodal transformations onthe-fly as part of the learning process, thus eliminating the need for redundant training runs for operator search. In addition, it enables a finer level of operator heterogeneity by diversifying individual connections of the receptive fields and weights. We perform a series of extensive ablation experiments across three severe image restoration tasks. Even when a strict equivalence of learnable parameters is imposed, Self-ONNs surpass CNNs by a considerable margin across all problems, improving the generalization performance by up to 3 dB in terms of PSNR.      
### 41.Background Splitting: Finding Rare Classes in a Sea of Background  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12873.pdf)
>  We focus on the real-world problem of training accurate deep models for image classification of a small number of rare categories. In these scenarios, almost all images belong to the background category in the dataset (&gt;95% of the dataset is background). We demonstrate that both standard fine-tuning approaches and state-of-the-art approaches for training on imbalanced datasets do not produce accurate deep models in the presence of this extreme imbalance. Our key observation is that the extreme imbalance due to the background category can be drastically reduced by leveraging visual knowledge from an existing pre-trained model. Specifically, the background category is "split" into smaller and more coherent pseudo-categories during training using a pre-trained model. We incorporate background splitting into an image classification model by adding an auxiliary loss that learns to mimic the predictions of the existing, pre-trained image classification model. Note that this process is automatic and requires no additional manual labels. The auxiliary loss regularizes the feature representation of the shared network trunk by requiring it to discriminate between previously homogeneous background instances and reduces overfitting to the small number of rare category positives. We also show that BG splitting can be combined with other background imbalance methods to further improve performance. We evaluate our method on a modified version of the iNaturalist dataset where only a small subset of rare category labels are available during training (all other images are labeled as background). By jointly learning to recognize ImageNet categories and selected iNaturalist categories, our approach yields performance that is 42.3 mAP points higher than a fine-tuning baseline when 99.98% of the data is background, and 8.3 mAP points higher than SotA baselines when 98.30% of the data is background.      
### 42.Using Artificial Intelligence for Particle Track Identification in CLAS12 Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12860.pdf)
>  In this article we describe the development of machine learning models to assist the CLAS12 tracking algorithm by identifying the best track candidates from combinatorial track candidates from the hits in drift chambers. Several types of machine learning models were tested, including: Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) and Extremely Randomized Trees (ERT). The final implementation was based on an MLP network and provided an accuracy $&gt;99\%$. The implementation of AI assisted tracking into the CLAS12 reconstruction workflow and provided a 6 times code speedup.      
### 43.Learning to Balance Specificity and Invariance for In and Out of Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12839.pdf)
>  We introduce Domain-specific Masks for Generalization, a model for improving both in-domain and out-of-domain generalization performance. For domain generalization, the goal is to learn from a set of source domains to produce a single model that will best generalize to an unseen target domain. As such, many prior approaches focus on learning representations which persist across all source domains with the assumption that these domain agnostic representations will generalize well. However, often individual domains contain characteristics which are unique and when leveraged can significantly aid in-domain recognition performance. To produce a model which best generalizes to both seen and unseen domains, we propose learning domain specific masks. The masks are encouraged to learn a balance of domain-invariant and domain-specific features, thus enabling a model which can benefit from the predictive power of specialized features while retaining the universal applicability of domain-invariant features. We demonstrate competitive performance compared to naive baselines and state-of-the-art methods on both PACS and DomainNet.      
### 44.A Multisite, Report-Based, Centralized Infrastructure for Feedback and Monitoring of Radiology AI/ML Development and Clinical Deployment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13781.pdf)
>  An infrastructure for multisite, geographically-distributed creation and collection of diverse, high-quality, curated and labeled radiology image data is crucial for the successful automated development, deployment, monitoring and continuous improvement of Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine Learning (ML) solutions in the real world. An interactive radiology reporting approach that integrates image viewing, dictation, natural language processing (NLP) and creation of hyperlinks between image findings and the report, provides localized labels during routine interpretation. These images and labels can be captured and centralized in a cloud-based system. This method provides a practical and efficient mechanism with which to monitor algorithm performance. It also supplies feedback for iterative development and quality improvement of new and existing algorithmic models. Both feedback and monitoring are achieved without burdening the radiologist. The method addresses proposed regulatory requirements for post-marketing surveillance and external data. Comprehensive multi-site data collection assists in reducing bias. Resource requirements are greatly reduced compared to dedicated retrospective expert labeling.      
### 45.Plug-and-Play Image Restoration with Deep Denoiser Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13751.pdf)
>  Recent works on plug-and-play image restoration have shown that a denoiser can implicitly serve as the image prior for model-based methods to solve many inverse problems. Such a property induces considerable advantages for plug-and-play image restoration (e.g., integrating the flexibility of model-based method and effectiveness of learning-based methods) when the denoiser is discriminatively learned via deep convolutional neural network (CNN) with large modeling capacity. However, while deeper and larger CNN models are rapidly gaining popularity, existing plug-and-play image restoration hinders its performance due to the lack of suitable denoiser prior. In order to push the limits of plug-and-play image restoration, we set up a benchmark deep denoiser prior by training a highly flexible and effective CNN denoiser. We then plug the deep denoiser prior as a modular part into a half quadratic splitting based iterative algorithm to solve various image restoration problems. We, meanwhile, provide a thorough analysis of parameter setting, intermediate results and empirical convergence to better understand the working mechanism. Experimental results on three representative image restoration tasks, including deblurring, super-resolution and demosaicing, demonstrate that the proposed plug-and-play image restoration with deep denoiser prior not only significantly outperforms other state-of-the-art model-based methods but also achieves competitive or even superior performance against state-of-the-art learning-based methods. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cszn/DPIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Unpaired Learning of Deep Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13711.pdf)
>  We investigate the task of learning blind image denoising networks from an unpaired set of clean and noisy images. Such problem setting generally is practical and valuable considering that it is feasible to collect unpaired noisy and clean images in most real-world applications. And we further assume that the noise can be signal dependent but is spatially uncorrelated. In order to facilitate unpaired learning of denoising network, this paper presents a two-stage scheme by incorporating self-supervised learning and knowledge distillation. For self-supervised learning, we suggest a dilated blind-spot network (D-BSN) to learn denoising solely from real noisy images. Due to the spatial independence of noise, we adopt a network by stacking 1x1 convolution layers to estimate the noise level map for each image. Both the D-BSN and image-specific noise model (CNN\_est) can be jointly trained via maximizing the constrained log-likelihood. Given the output of D-BSN and estimated noise level map, improved denoising performance can be further obtained based on the Bayes' rule. As for knowledge distillation, we first apply the learned noise models to clean images to synthesize a paired set of training images, and use the real noisy images and the corresponding denoising results in the first stage to form another paired set. Then, the ultimate denoising model can be distilled by training an existing denoising network using these two paired sets. Experiments show that our unpaired learning method performs favorably on both synthetic noisy images and real-world noisy photographs in terms of quantitative and qualitative evaluation.      
### 47.Switchable Deep Beamformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13646.pdf)
>  Recent proposals of deep beamformers using deep neural networks have attracted significant attention as computational efficient alternatives to adaptive and compressive beamformers. Moreover, deep beamformers are versatile in that image post-processing algorithms can be combined with the beamforming. Unfortunately, in the current technology, a separate beamformer should be trained and stored for each application, demanding significant scanner resources. To address this problem, here we propose a {\em switchable} deep beamformer that can produce various types of output such as DAS, speckle removal, deconvolution, etc., using a single network with a simple switch. In particular, the switch is implemented through Adaptive Instanace Normalization (AdaIN) layers, so that various output can be generated by merely changing the AdaIN code. Experimental results using B-mode focused ultrasound confirm the flexibility and efficacy of the proposed methods for various applications.      
### 48.Evaluating Knowledge Transfer In Neural Network for Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13574.pdf)
>  Deep learning and knowledge transfer techniques have permeated the field of medical imaging and are considered as key approaches for revolutionizing diagnostic imaging practices. However, there are still challenges for the successful integration of deep learning into medical imaging tasks due to a lack of large annotated imaging data. To address this issue, we propose a teacher-student learning framework to transfer knowledge from a carefully pre-trained convolutional neural network (CNN) teacher to a student CNN as a way of improving the diagnostic tasks on a small data regime. In this study, we explore the performance of knowledge transfer in the medical imaging setting through a series of experiments. We investigate the proposed network's performance when the student network is trained on a small dataset (target dataset) as well as when teachers and student's domains are distinct. We also examine the proposed network's behavior on the convergence and regularization of the student network during training. The performances of the CNN models are evaluated on three medical imaging datasets including Diabetic Retinopathy, CheXpert, and ChestX-ray8. Our results indicate that the teacher-student learning framework outperforms transfer learning for small imaging datasets. Particularly, the teacher-student learning framework improves the area under the ROC Curve (AUC) of the CNN model on a small sample of CheXpert (n=5k) by 4% and on ChestX-ray8 (n=5.6k) by 9%. In addition to small training data size, we also demonstrate a clear advantage to favoring teacher-student learning framework for cross-domain knowledge transfer in the medical imaging setting compared to other knowledge transfer techniques such as transfer learning. We observe that the teacher-student network holds a great promise not only to improve the performance of diagnosis but also to reduce overfitting when the dataset is small.      
### 49.Structured Graph Learning for Clustering and Semi-supervised Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13429.pdf)
>  Graphs have become increasingly popular in modeling structures and interactions in a wide variety of problems during the last decade. Graph-based clustering and semi-supervised classification techniques have shown impressive performance. This paper proposes a graph learning framework to preserve both the local and global structure of data. Specifically, our method uses the self-expressiveness of samples to capture the global structure and adaptive neighbor approach to respect the local structure. Furthermore, most existing graph-based methods conduct clustering and semi-supervised classification on the graph learned from the original data matrix, which doesn't have explicit cluster structure, thus they might not achieve the optimal performance. By considering rank constraint, the achieved graph will have exactly $c$ connected components if there are $c$ clusters or classes. As a byproduct of this, graph learning and label inference are jointly and iteratively implemented in a principled way. Theoretically, we show that our model is equivalent to a combination of kernel k-means and k-means methods under certain condition. Extensive experiments on clustering and semi-supervised classification demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 50.Integrative Object and Pose to Task Detection for an Augmented-Reality-based Human Assistance System using Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13419.pdf)
>  As a result of an increasingly automatized and digitized industry, processes are becoming more complex. Augmented Reality has shown considerable potential in assisting workers with complex tasks by enhancing user understanding and experience with spatial information. However, the acceptance and integration of AR into industrial processes is still limited due to the lack of established methods and tedious integration efforts. Meanwhile, deep neural networks have achieved remarkable results in computer vision tasks and bear great prospects to enrich Augmented Reality applications . In this paper, we propose an Augmented-Reality-based human assistance system to assist workers in complex manual tasks where we incorporate deep neural networks for computer vision tasks. More specifically, we combine Augmented Reality with object and action detectors to make workflows more intuitive and flexible. To evaluate our system in terms of user acceptance and efficiency, we conducted several user studies. We found a significant reduction in time to task completion in untrained workers and a decrease in error rate. Furthermore, we investigated the users learning curve with our assistance system.      
### 51.Extreme Memorization via Scale of Initialization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13363.pdf)
>  We construct an experimental setup in which changing the scale of initialization strongly impacts the implicit regularization induced by SGD, interpolating from good generalization performance to completely memorizing the training set while making little progress on the test set. Moreover, we find that the extent and manner in which generalization ability is affected depends on the activation and loss function used, with $\sin$ activation being the most extreme. In the case of the homogeneous ReLU activation, we show that this behavior can be attributed to the loss function. Our empirical investigation reveals that increasing the scale of initialization could cause the representations and gradients to be increasingly misaligned across examples in the same class. We further demonstrate that a similar misalignment phenomenon occurs in other scenarios affecting generalization performance, such as changes to the architecture or data distribution.      
### 52.An evolutionary perspective on the design of neuromorphic shape filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13229.pdf)
>  A substantial amount of time and energy has been invested to develop machine vision using connectionist (neural network) principles. Most of that work has been inspired by theories advanced by neuroscientists and behaviorists for how cortical systems store stimulus information. Those theories call for information flow through connections among several neuron populations, with the initial connections being random (or at least non-functional). Then the strength or location of connections are modified through training trials to achieve an effective output, such as the ability to identify an object. Those theories ignored the fact that animals that have no cortex, e.g., fish, can demonstrate visual skills that outpace the best neural network models. Neural circuits that allow for immediate effective vision and quick learning have been preprogrammed by hundreds of millions of years of evolution and the visual skills are available shortly after hatching. Cortical systems may be providing advanced image processing, but most likely are using design principles that had been proven effective in simpler systems. The present article provides a brief overview of retinal and cortical mechanisms for registering shape information, with the hope that it might contribute to the design of shape-encoding circuits that more closely match the mechanisms of biological vision.      
### 53.Deep Hypergraph U-Net for Brain Graph Embedding and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13118.pdf)
>  -Background. Network neuroscience examines the brain as a complex system represented by a network (or connectome), providing deeper insights into the brain morphology and function, allowing the identification of atypical brain connectivity alterations, which can be used as diagnostic markers of neurological disorders. -Existing Methods. Graph embedding methods which map data samples (e.g., brain networks) into a low dimensional space have been widely used to explore the relationship between samples for classification or prediction tasks. However, the majority of these works are based on modeling the pair-wise relationships between samples, failing to capture their higher-order relationships. -New Method. In this paper, inspired by the nascent field of geometric deep learning, we propose Hypergraph U-Net (HUNet), a novel data embedding framework leveraging the hypergraph structure to learn low-dimensional embeddings of data samples while capturing their high-order relationships. Specifically, we generalize the U-Net architecture, naturally operating on graphs, to hypergraphs by improving local feature aggregation and preserving the high-order relationships present in the data. -Results. We tested our method on small-scale and large-scale heterogeneous brain connectomic datasets including morphological and functional brain networks of autistic and demented patients, respectively. -Conclusion. Our HUNet outperformed state-of-the-art geometric graph and hypergraph data embedding techniques with a gain of 4-14% in classification accuracy, demonstrating both scalability and generalizability. HUNet code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/basiralab/HUNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.MDCN: Multi-scale Dense Cross Network for Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13084.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have been proven to be of great benefit for single-image super-resolution (SISR). However, previous works do not make full use of multi-scale features and ignore the inter-scale correlation between different upsampling factors, resulting in sub-optimal performance. Instead of blindly increasing the depth of the network, we are committed to mining image features and learning the inter-scale correlation between different upsampling factors. To achieve this, we propose a Multi-scale Dense Cross Network (MDCN), which achieves great performance with fewer parameters and less execution time. MDCN consists of multi-scale dense cross blocks (MDCBs), hierarchical feature distillation block (HFDB), and dynamic reconstruction block (DRB). Among them, MDCB aims to detect multi-scale features and maximize the use of image features flow at different scales, HFDB focuses on adaptively recalibrate channel-wise feature responses to achieve feature distillation, and DRB attempts to reconstruct SR images with different upsampling factors in a single model. It is worth noting that all these modules can run independently. It means that these modules can be selectively plugged into any CNN model to improve model performance. Extensive experiments show that MDCN achieves competitive results in SISR, especially in the reconstruction task with multiple upsampling factors. The code will be provided at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MIVRC/MDCN-PyTorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.Longitudinal Image Registration with Temporal-order and Subject-specificity Discrimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.13002.pdf)
>  Morphological analysis of longitudinal MR images plays a key role in monitoring disease progression for prostate cancer patients, who are placed under an active surveillance program. In this paper, we describe a learning-based image registration algorithm to quantify changes on regions of interest between a pair of images from the same patient, acquired at two different time points. Combining intensity-based similarity and gland segmentation as weak supervision, the population-data-trained registration networks significantly lowered the target registration errors (TREs) on holdout patient data, compared with those before registration and those from an iterative registration algorithm. Furthermore, this work provides a quantitative analysis on several longitudinal-data-sampling strategies and, in turn, we propose a novel regularisation method based on maximum mean discrepancy, between differently-sampled training image pairs. Based on 216 3D MR images from 86 patients, we report a mean TRE of 5.6 mm and show statistically significant differences between the different training data sampling strategies.      
### 56.Improved anomaly detection by training an autoencoder with skip connections on images corrupted with Stain-shaped noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12977.pdf)
>  In industrial vision, the anomaly detection problem can be addressed with an autoencoder trained to map an arbitrary image, i.e. with or without any defect, to a clean image, i.e. without any defect. In this approach, anomaly detection relies conventionally on the reconstruction residual or, alternatively, on the reconstruction uncertainty. To improve the sharpness of the reconstruction, we consider an autoencoder architecture with skip connections. In the common scenario where only clean images are available for training, we propose to corrupt them with a synthetic noise model to prevent the convergence of the network towards the identity mapping, and introduce an original Stain noise model for that purpose. We show that this model favors the reconstruction of clean images from arbitrary real-world images, regardless of the actual defects appearance. In addition to demonstrating the relevance of our approach, our validation provides the first consistent assessment of reconstruction-based methods, by comparing their performance over the MVTec AD dataset, both for pixel- and image-wise anomaly detection.      
### 57.Unpaired Deep Learning for Accelerated MRI using Optimal Transport Driven CycleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12967.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning approaches for accelerated MRI have been extensively studied thanks to their high performance reconstruction in spite of significantly reduced runtime complexity. These neural networks are usually trained in a supervised manner, so matched pairs of subsampled and fully sampled k-space data are required. Unfortunately, it is often difficult to acquire matched fully sampled k-space data, since the acquisition of fully sampled k-space data requires long scan time and often leads to the change of the acquisition protocol. Therefore, unpaired deep learning without matched label data has become a very important research topic. In this paper, we propose an unpaired deep learning approach using a optimal transport driven cycle-consistent generative adversarial network (OT-cycleGAN) that employs a single pair of generator and discriminator. The proposed OT-cycleGAN architecture is rigorously derived from a dual formulation of the optimal transport formulation using a specially designed penalized least squares cost. The experimental results show that our method can reconstruct high resolution MR images from accelerated k- space data from both single and multiple coil acquisition, without requiring matched reference data.      
### 58.Path Planning Followed by Kinodynamic Smoothing for Multirotor Aerial Vehicles (MAVs)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12950.pdf)
>  We explore path planning followed by kinodynamic smoothing while ensuring the vehicle dynamics feasibility for MAVs. We have chosen a geometrically based motion planning technique \textquotedblleft RRT*\textquotedblright\; for this purpose. In the proposed technique, we modified original RRT* introducing an adaptive search space and a steering function which help to increase the consistency of the planner. Moreover, we propose multiple RRT* which generates a set of desired paths, provided that the optimal path is selected among them. Then, apply kinodynamic smoothing, which will result in dynamically feasible as well as obstacle-free path. Thereafter, a b spline-based trajectory is generated to maneuver vehicle autonomously in unknown environments. Finally, we have tested the proposed technique in various simulated environments.      
### 59.Ultra Lightweight Image Super-Resolution with Multi-Attention Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12912.pdf)
>  Lightweight image super-resolution (SR) networks have the utmost significance for real-world applications. There are several deep learning based SR methods with remarkable performance, but their memory and computational cost are hindrances in practical usage. To tackle this problem, we propose a Multi-Attentive Feature Fusion Super-Resolution Network (MAFFSRN). MAFFSRN consists of proposed feature fusion groups (FFGs) that serve as a feature extraction block. Each FFG contains a stack of proposed multi-attention blocks (MAB) that are combined in a novel feature fusion structure. Further, the MAB with a cost-efficient attention mechanism (CEA) helps us to refine and extract the features using multiple attention mechanisms. The comprehensive experiments show the superiority of our model over the existing state-of-the-art. We participated in AIM 2020 efficient SR challenge with our MAFFSRN model and won 1st, 3rd, and 4th places in memory usage, floating-point operations (FLOPs) and number of parameters, respectively.      
### 60.ChildBot: Multi-Robot Perception and Interaction with Children  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12818.pdf)
>  In this paper we present an integrated robotic system capable of participating in and performing a wide range of educational and entertainment tasks, in collaboration with one or more children. The system, called ChildBot, features multimodal perception modules and multiple robotic agents that monitor the interaction environment, and can robustly coordinate complex Child-Robot Interaction use-cases. In order to validate the effectiveness of the system and its integrated modules, we have conducted multiple experiments with a total of 52 children. Our results show improved perception capabilities in comparison to our earlier works that ChildBot was based on. In addition, we have conducted a preliminary user experience study, employing some educational/entertainment tasks, that yields encouraging results regarding the technical validity of our system and initial insights on the user experience with it.      
### 61.Variable Star Classification Using Multi-View Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.05821.pdf)
>  Our multi-view metric learning framework enables robust characterization of star categories by directly learning to discriminate in a multi-faceted feature space, thus, eliminating the need to combine feature representations prior to fitting the machine learning model. We also demonstrate how to extend standard multi-view learning, which employs multiple vectorized views, to the matrix-variate case which allows very novel variable star signature representations. The performance of our proposed methods is evaluated on the UCR Starlight and LINEAR datasets. Both the vector and matrix-variate versions of our multi-view learning framework perform favorably --- demonstrating the ability to discriminate variable star categories.      
