# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 3 Sep 2020
### 1.Lunar Crater Identification in Digital Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01228.pdf)
>  It is often necessary to identify a pattern of observed craters in a single image of the lunar surface and without any prior knowledge of the camera's location. This so-called "lost-in-space" crater identification problem is common in both crater-based terrain relative navigation (TRN) and in automatic registration of scientific imagery. Past work on crater identification has largely been based on heuristic schemes, with poor performance outside of a narrowly defined operating regime (e.g., nadir pointing images, small search areas). This work provides the first mathematically rigorous treatment of the general crater identification problem. It is shown when it is (and when it is not) possible to recognize a pattern of elliptical crater rims in an image formed by perspective projection. For the cases when it is possible to recognize a pattern, descriptors are developed using invariant theory that provably capture all of the viewpoint invariant information. These descriptors may be pre-computed for known crater patterns and placed in a searchable index for fast recognition. New techniques are also developed for computing pose from crater rim observations and for evaluating crater rim correspondences. These techniques are demonstrated on both synthetic and real images.      
### 2.Seeing wake words: Audio-visual Keyword Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01225.pdf)
>  The goal of this work is to automatically determine whether and when a word of interest is spoken by a talking face, with or without the audio. We propose a zero-shot method suitable for in the wild videos. Our key contributions are: (1) a novel convolutional architecture, KWS-Net, that uses a similarity map intermediate representation to separate the task into (i) sequence matching, and (ii) pattern detection, to decide whether the word is there and when; (2) we demonstrate that if audio is available, visual keyword spotting improves the performance both for a clean and noisy audio signal. Finally, (3) we show that our method generalises to other languages, specifically French and German, and achieves a comparable performance to English with less language specific data, by fine-tuning the network pre-trained on English. The method exceeds the performance of the previous state-of-the-art visual keyword spotting architecture when trained and tested on the same benchmark, and also that of a state-of-the-art lip reading method.      
### 3.Comprehensive Semantic Segmentation on High Resolution Aerial Imagery for Natural Disaster Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01193.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a large-scale hurricane Michael dataset for visual perception in disaster scenarios, and analyze state-of-the-art deep neural network models for semantic segmentation. The dataset consists of around 2000 high-resolution aerial images, with annotated ground-truth data for semantic segmentation. We discuss the challenges of the dataset and train the state-of-the-art methods on this dataset to evaluate how well these methods can recognize the disaster situations. Finally, we discuss challenges for future research.      
### 4.Evaluation of Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks for data augmentation of chest X-ray images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01181.pdf)
>  Medical image datasets are usually imbalanced, due to the high costs of obtaining the data and time-consuming annotations. Training deep neural network models on such datasets to accurately classify the medical condition does not yield desired results and often over-fits the data on majority class samples. In order to address this issue, data augmentation is often performed on training data by position augmentation techniques such as scaling, cropping, flipping, padding, rotation, translation, affine transformation, and color augmentation techniques such as brightness, contrast, saturation, and hue to increase the dataset sizes. These augmentation techniques are not guaranteed to be advantageous in domains with limited data, especially medical image data, and could lead to further overfitting. In this work, we performed data augmentation on the Chest X-rays dataset through generative modeling (deep convolutional generative adversarial network) which creates artificial instances retaining similar characteristics to the original data and evaluation of the model resulted in Fréchet Distance of Inception (FID) score of 1.289.      
### 5.Transform Quantization for CNN Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01174.pdf)
>  In this paper, we compress convolutional neural network (CNN) weights post-training via transform quantization. Previous CNN quantization techniques tend to ignore the joint statistics of weights and activations, producing sub-optimal CNN performance at a given quantization bit-rate, or consider their joint statistics during training only and do not facilitate efficient compression of already trained CNN models. We optimally transform (decorrelate) and quantize the weights post-training using a rate-distortion framework to improve compression at any given quantization bit-rate. Transform quantization unifies quantization and dimensionality reduction (decorrelation) techniques in a single framework to facilitate low bit-rate compression of CNNs and efficient inference in the transform domain. We first introduce a theory of rate and distortion for CNN quantization, and pose optimum quantization as a rate-distortion optimization problem. We then show that this problem can be solved using optimal bit-depth allocation following decorrelation by the optimal End-to-end Learned Transform (ELT) we derive in this paper. Experiments demonstrate that transform quantization advances the state of the art in CNN compression in both retrained and non-retrained quantization scenarios. In particular, we find that transform quantization with retraining is able to compress CNN models such as AlexNet, ResNet and DenseNet to very low bit-rates (1-2 bits).      
### 6.Semantically Adaptive Image-to-image Translation for Domain Adaptation of Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01166.pdf)
>  Domain shift is a very challenging problem for semantic segmentation. Any model can be easily trained on synthetic data, where images and labels are artificially generated, but it will perform poorly when deployed on real environments. In this paper, we address the problem of domain adaptation for semantic segmentation of street scenes. Many state-of-the-art approaches focus on translating the source image while imposing that the result should be semantically consistent with the input. However, we advocate that the image semantics can also be exploited to guide the translation algorithm. To this end, we rethink the generative model to enforce this assumption and strengthen the connection between pixel-level and feature-level domain alignment. We conduct extensive experiments by training common semantic segmentation models with our method and show that the results we obtain on the synthetic-to-real benchmarks surpass the state-of-the-art.      
### 7.Local-HDP: Interactive Open-Ended 3D Object Categorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01152.pdf)
>  We introduce a non-parametric hierarchical Bayesian approach for open-ended 3D object categorization, named the Local Hierarchical Dirichlet Process (Local-HDP). This method allows an agent to learn independent topics for each category incrementally and to adapt to the environment in time. Hierarchical Bayesian approaches like Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) can transform low-level features to high-level conceptual topics for 3D object categorization. However, the efficiency and accuracy of LDA-based approaches depend on the number of topics that is chosen manually. Moreover, fixing the number of topics for all categories can lead to overfitting or underfitting of the model. In contrast, the proposed Local-HDP can autonomously determine the number of topics for each category. Furthermore, an inference method is proposed that results in a fast posterior approximation. Experiments show that Local-HDP outperforms other state-of-the-art approaches in terms of accuracy, scalability, and memory efficiency with a large margin.      
### 8.Long-Term Anticipation of Activities with Cycle Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01142.pdf)
>  With the success of deep learning methods in analyzing activities in videos, more attention has recently been focused towards anticipating future activities. However, most of the work on anticipation either analyzes a partially observed activity or predicts the next action class. Recently, new approaches have been proposed to extend the prediction horizon up to several minutes in the future and that anticipate a sequence of future activities including their durations. While these works decouple the semantic interpretation of the observed sequence from the anticipation task, we propose a framework for anticipating future activities directly from the features of the observed frames and train it in an end-to-end fashion. Furthermore, we introduce a cycle consistency loss over time by predicting the past activities given the predicted future. Our framework achieves state-of-the-art results on two datasets: the Breakfast dataset and 50Salads.      
### 9.Lifelong Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01129.pdf)
>  Recent advances in object detection have benefited significantly from rapid developments in deep neural networks. However, neural networks suffer from the well-known issue of catastrophic forgetting, which makes continual or lifelong learning problematic. In this paper, we leverage the fact that new training classes arrive in a sequential manner and incrementally refine the model so that it additionally detects new object classes in the absence of previous training data. Specifically, we consider the representative object detector, Faster R-CNN, for both accurate and efficient prediction. To prevent abrupt performance degradation due to catastrophic forgetting, we propose to apply knowledge distillation on both the region proposal network and the region classification network, to retain the detection of previously trained classes. A pseudo-positive-aware sampling strategy is also introduced for distillation sample selection. We evaluate the proposed method on PASCAL VOC 2007 and MS COCO benchmarks and show competitive mAP and 6x inference speed improvement, which makes the approach more suitable for real-time applications. Our implementation will be publicly available.      
### 10.Perceptual Deep Neural Networks: Adversarial Robustness through Input Recreation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01110.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples have shown that albeit highly accurate, models learned by machines, differently from humans,have many weaknesses. However, humans' perception is also fundamentally different from machines, because we do not see the signals which arrive at the retina but a rather complex recreation of them. In this paper, we explore how machines could recreate the input as well as investigate the benefits of such an augmented perception. In this regard, we propose Perceptual Deep Neural Networks ($\varphi$DNN) which also recreate their own input before further processing. The concept is formalized mathematically and two variations of it are developed (one based on inpainting the whole image and the other based on a noisy resized super resolution recreation). Experiments reveal that $\varphi$DNNs can reduce attacks' accuracy substantially, surpassing even state-of-the-art defenses. Moreover, the recreation process intentionally corrupts the input image. Interestingly, we show by ablation tests that corrupting the input is, although counter-intuitive,beneficial. This suggests that the blind-spot in vertebrates might also be, analogously, the precursor of visual robustness. Thus, $\varphi$DNNs reveal that input recreation has strong benefits for artificial neural networks similar to biological ones, shedding light into the importance of the blind-spot and starting an area of perception models for robust recognition in artificial intelligence.      
### 11.Face Image Quality Assessment: A Literature Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01103.pdf)
>  The performance of face analysis and recognition systems depends on the quality of the acquired face data, which is influenced by numerous factors. Automatically assessing the quality of face data in terms of biometric utility can thus be useful to filter out low quality data. This survey provides an overview of the face quality assessment literature in the framework of face biometrics, with a focus on face recognition based on visible wavelength face images as opposed to e.g. depth or infrared quality assessment. A trend towards deep learning based methods is observed, including notable conceptual differences among the recent approaches. Besides image selection, face image quality assessment can also be used in a variety of other application scenarios, which are discussed herein. Open issues and challenges are pointed out, i.a. highlighting the importance of comparability for algorithm evaluations, and the challenge for future work to create deep learning approaches that are interpretable in addition to providing accurate utility predictions.      
### 12.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation For Plant Organ Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01081.pdf)
>  Supervised learning is often used to count objects in images, but for counting small, densely located objects, the required image annotations are burdensome to collect. Counting plant organs for image-based plant phenotyping falls within this category. Object counting in plant images is further challenged by having plant image datasets with significant domain shift due to different experimental conditions, e.g. applying an annotated dataset of indoor plant images for use on outdoor images, or on a different plant species. In this paper, we propose a domain-adversarial learning approach for domain adaptation of density map estimation for the purposes of object counting. The approach does not assume perfectly aligned distributions between the source and target datasets, which makes it more broadly applicable within general object counting and plant organ counting tasks. Evaluation on two diverse object counting tasks (wheat spikelets, leaves) demonstrates consistent performance on the target datasets across different classes of domain shift: from indoor-to-outdoor images and from species-to-species adaptation.      
### 13.Video Captioning Using Weak Annotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01067.pdf)
>  Video captioning has shown impressive progress in recent years. One key reason of the performance improvements made by existing methods lie in massive paired video-sentence data, but collecting such strong annotation, i.e., high-quality sentences, is time-consuming and laborious. It is the fact that there now exist an amazing number of videos with weak annotation that only contains semantic concepts such as actions and objects. In this paper, we investigate using weak annotation instead of strong annotation to train a video captioning model. To this end, we propose a progressive visual reasoning method that progressively generates fine sentences from weak annotations by inferring more semantic concepts and their dependency relationships for video captioning. To model concept relationships, we use dependency trees that are spanned by exploiting external knowledge from large sentence corpora. Through traversing the dependency trees, the sentences are generated to train the captioning model. Accordingly, we develop an iterative refinement algorithm that refines sentences via spanning dependency trees and fine-tunes the captioning model using the refined sentences in an alternative training manner. Experimental results demonstrate that our method using weak annotation is very competitive to the state-of-the-art methods using strong annotation.      
### 14.Exploiting Latent Codes: Interactive Fashion Product Generation, Similar Image Retrieval, and Cross-Category Recommendation using Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01053.pdf)
>  The rise of deep learning applications in the fashion industry has fueled advances in curating large-scale datasets to build applications for product design, image retrieval, and recommender systems. In this paper, the author proposes using Variational Autoencoder (VAE) to build an interactive fashion product application framework that allows the users to generate products with attributes according to their liking, retrieve similar styles for the same product category, and receive content-based recommendations from other categories. Fashion product images dataset containing eyewear, footwear, and bags are appropriate to illustrate that this pipeline is applicable in the booming industry of e-commerce enabling direct user interaction in specifying desired products paired with new methods for data matching, and recommendation systems by using VAE and exploiting its generated latent codes.      
### 15.Zero-Shot Human-Object Interaction Recognition via Affordance Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01039.pdf)
>  We propose a new approach for Zero-Shot Human-Object Interaction Recognition in the challenging setting that involves interactions with unseen actions (as opposed to just unseen combinations of seen actions and objects). Our approach makes use of knowledge external to the image content in the form of a graph that models affordance relations between actions and objects, i.e., whether an action can be performed on the given object or not. We propose a loss function with the aim of distilling the knowledge contained in the graph into the model, while also using the graph to regularise learnt representations by imposing a local structure on the latent space. We evaluate our approach on several datasets (including the popular HICO and HICO-DET) and show that it outperforms the current state of the art.      
### 16.IAUnet: Global Context-Aware Feature Learning for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01035.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (reID) by CNNs based networks has achieved favorable performance in recent years. However, most of existing CNNs based methods do not take full advantage of spatial-temporal context modeling. In fact, the global spatial-temporal context can greatly clarify local distractions to enhance the target feature representation. To comprehensively leverage the spatial-temporal context information, in this work, we present a novel block, Interaction-Aggregation-Update (IAU), for high-performance person reID. Firstly, Spatial-Temporal IAU (STIAU) module is introduced. STIAU jointly incorporates two types of contextual interactions into a CNN framework for target feature learning. Here the spatial interactions learn to compute the contextual dependencies between different body parts of a single frame. While the temporal interactions are used to capture the contextual dependencies between the same body parts across all frames. Furthermore, a Channel IAU (CIAU) module is designed to model the semantic contextual interactions between channel features to enhance the feature representation, especially for small-scale visual cues and body parts. Therefore, the IAU block enables the feature to incorporate the globally spatial, temporal, and channel context. It is lightweight, end-to-end trainable, and can be easily plugged into existing CNNs to form IAUnet. The experiments show that IAUnet performs favorably against state-of-the-art on both image and video reID tasks and achieves compelling results on a general object categorization task. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/blue-blue272/ImgReID-IAnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Deep Generative Model for Image Inpainting with Local Binary Pattern Learning and Spatial Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01031.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) has demonstrated its powerful capabilities in the field of image inpainting. The DL-based image inpainting approaches can produce visually plausible results, but often generate various unpleasant artifacts, especially in the boundary and highly textured regions. To tackle this challenge, in this work, we propose a new end-to-end, two-stage (coarse-to-fine) generative model through combining a local binary pattern (LBP) learning network with an actual inpainting network. Specifically, the first LBP learning network using U-Net architecture is designed to accurately predict the structural information of the missing region, which subsequently guides the second image inpainting network for better filling the missing pixels. Furthermore, an improved spatial attention mechanism is integrated in the image inpainting network, by considering the consistency not only between the known region with the generated one, but also within the generated region itself. Extensive experiments on public datasets including CelebA-HQ, Places and Paris StreetView demonstrate that our model generates better inpainting results than the state-of-the-art competing algorithms, both quantitatively and qualitatively. The source code and trained models will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HighwayWu/ImageInpainting" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Privacy Leakage of SIFT Features via Deep Generative Model based Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01030.pdf)
>  Many practical applications, e.g., content based image retrieval and object recognition, heavily rely on the local features extracted from the query image. As these local features are usually exposed to untrustworthy parties, the privacy leakage problem of image local features has received increasing attention in recent years. In this work, we thoroughly evaluate the privacy leakage of Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT), which is one of the most widely-used image local features. We first consider the case that the adversary can fully access the SIFT features, i.e., both the SIFT descriptors and the coordinates are available. We propose a novel end-to-end, coarse-to-fine deep generative model for reconstructing the latent image from its SIFT features. The designed deep generative model consists of two networks, where the first one attempts to learn the structural information of the latent image by transforming from SIFT features to Local Binary Pattern (LBP) features, while the second one aims to reconstruct the pixel values guided by the learned LBP. Compared with the state-of-the-art algorithms, the proposed deep generative model produces much improved reconstructed results over three public datasets. Furthermore, we address more challenging cases that only partial SIFT features (either SIFT descriptors or coordinates) are accessible to the adversary. It is shown that, if the adversary can only have access to the SIFT descriptors while not their coordinates, then the modest success of reconstructing the latent image can be achieved for highly-structured images (e.g., faces) and would fail in general settings. In addition, the latent image can be reconstructed with reasonably good quality solely from the SIFT coordinates. Our results would suggest that the privacy leakage problem can be largely avoided if the SIFT coordinates can be well protected.      
### 19.ALANET: Adaptive Latent Attention Network forJoint Video Deblurring and Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01005.pdf)
>  Existing works address the problem of generating high frame-rate sharp videos by separately learning the frame deblurring and frame interpolation modules. Most of these approaches have a strong prior assumption that all the input frames are blurry whereas in a real-world setting, the quality of frames varies. Moreover, such approaches are trained to perform either of the two tasks - deblurring or interpolation - in isolation, while many practical situations call for both. Different from these works, we address a more realistic problem of high frame-rate sharp video synthesis with no prior assumption that input is always blurry. We introduce a novel architecture, Adaptive Latent Attention Network (ALANET), which synthesizes sharp high frame-rate videos with no prior knowledge of input frames being blurry or not, thereby performing the task of both deblurring and interpolation. We hypothesize that information from the latent representation of the consecutive frames can be utilized to generate optimized representations for both frame deblurring and frame interpolation. Specifically, we employ combination of self-attention and cross-attention module between consecutive frames in the latent space to generate optimized representation for each frame. The optimized representation learnt using these attention modules help the model to generate and interpolate sharp frames. Extensive experiments on standard datasets demonstrate that our method performs favorably against various state-of-the-art approaches, even though we tackle a much more difficult problem.      
### 20.Perceiving Humans: from Monocular 3D Localization to Social Distancing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00984.pdf)
>  Perceiving humans in the context of Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) often relies on multiple cameras or expensive LiDAR sensors. In this work, we present a new cost-effective vision-based method that perceives humans' locations in 3D and their body orientation from a single image. We address the challenges related to the ill-posed monocular 3D tasks by proposing a deep learning method that predicts confidence intervals in contrast to point estimates. Our neural network architecture estimates humans 3D body locations and their orientation with a measure of uncertainty. Our vision-based system (i) is privacy-safe, (ii) works with any fixed or moving cameras, and (iii) does not rely on ground plane estimation. We demonstrate the performance of our method with respect to three applications: locating humans in 3D, detecting social interactions, and verifying the compliance of recent safety measures due to the COVID-19 outbreak. Indeed, we show that we can rethink the concept of "social distancing" as a form of social interaction in contrast to a simple location-based rule. We publicly share the source code towards an open science mission.      
### 21.MetaSimulator: Simulating Unknown Target Models for Query-Efficient Black-box Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00960.pdf)
>  Many adversarial attacks have been proposed to investigate the security issues of deep neural networks. For the black-box setting, current model stealing attacks train a substitute model to counterfeit the functionality of the target model. However, the training requires querying the target model. Consequently, the query complexity remains high and such attacks can be defended easily by deploying the defense mechanism. In this study, we aim to learn a generalized substitute model called MetaSimulator that can mimic the functionality of the unknown target models. To this end, we build the training data with the form of multi-tasks by collecting query sequences generated in the attack of various existing networks. The learning consists of a double-network framework, including the task-specific network and MetaSimulator network, to learn the general simulation capability. Specifically, the task-specific network computes each task's meta-gradient, which is further accumulated from multiple tasks to update MetaSimulator to improve generalization. When attacking a target model that is unseen in training, the trained MetaSimulator can simulate its functionality accurately using its limited feedback. As a result, a large fraction of queries can be transferred to MetaSimulator in the attack, thereby reducing the high query complexity. Comprehensive experiments conducted on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and TinyImageNet datasets demonstrate the proposed approach saves twice the number of queries on average compared with the baseline method. The source code is released on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/machanic/MetaSimulator" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 22.Unsupervised Feature Learning by Autoencoder and Prototypical Contrastive Learning for Hyperspectral Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00953.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning methods for feature extraction are becoming more and more popular. We combine the popular contrastive learning method (prototypical contrastive learning) and the classic representation learning method (autoencoder) to design an unsupervised feature learning network for hyperspectral classification. Experiments have proved that our two proposed autoencoder networks have good feature learning capabilities by themselves, and the contrastive learning network we designed can better combine the features of the two to learn more representative features. As a result, our method surpasses other comparison methods in the hyperspectral classification experiments, including some supervised methods. Moreover, our method maintains a fast feature extraction speed than baseline methods. In addition, our method reduces the requirements for huge computing resources, separates feature extraction and contrastive learning, and allows more researchers to conduct research and experiments on unsupervised contrastive learning.      
### 23.Structure-Aware Generation Network for Recipe Generation from Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00944.pdf)
>  Sharing food has become very popular with the development of social media. For many real-world applications, people are keen to know the underlying recipes of a food item. In this paper, we are interested in automatically generating cooking instructions for food. We investigate an open research task of generating cooking instructions based on only food images and ingredients, which is similar to the image captioning task. However, compared with image captioning datasets, the target recipes are long-length paragraphs and do not have annotations on structure information. To address the above limitations, we propose a novel framework of Structure-aware Generation Network (SGN) to tackle the food recipe generation task. Our approach brings together several novel ideas in a systematic framework: (1) exploiting an unsupervised learning approach to obtain the sentence-level tree structure labels before training; (2) generating trees of target recipes from images with the supervision of tree structure labels learned from (1); and (3) integrating the inferred tree structures with the recipe generation procedure. Our proposed model can produce high-quality and coherent recipes, and achieve the state-of-the-art performance on the benchmark Recipe1M dataset.      
### 24.3D Facial Geometry Recovery from a Depth View with Attention Guided Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00938.pdf)
>  We present to recover the complete 3D facial geometry from a single depth view by proposing an Attention Guided Generative Adversarial Networks (AGGAN). In contrast to existing work which normally requires two or more depth views to recover a full 3D facial geometry, the proposed AGGAN is able to generate a dense 3D voxel grid of the face from a single unconstrained depth view. Specifically, AGGAN encodes the 3D facial geometry within a voxel space and utilizes an attention-guided GAN to model the illposed 2.5D depth-3D mapping. Multiple loss functions, which enforce the 3D facial geometry consistency, together with a prior distribution of facial surface points in voxel space are incorporated to guide the training process. Both qualitative and quantitative comparisons show that AGGAN recovers a more complete and smoother 3D facial shape, with the capability to handle a much wider range of view angles and resist to noise in the depth view than conventional methods      
### 25.Real-time 3D Facial Tracking via Cascaded Compositional Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00935.pdf)
>  We propose to learn a cascade of globally-optimized modular boosted ferns (GoMBF) to solve multi-modal facial motion regression for real-time 3D facial tracking from a monocular RGB camera. GoMBF is a deep composition of multiple regression models with each is a boosted ferns initially trained to predict partial motion parameters of the same modality, and then concatenated together via a global optimization step to form a singular strong boosted ferns that can effectively handle the whole regression target. It can explicitly cope with the modality variety in output variables, while manifesting increased fitting power and a faster learning speed comparing against the conventional boosted ferns. By further cascading a sequence of GoMBFs (GoMBF-Cascade) to regress facial motion parameters, we achieve competitive tracking performance on a variety of in-the-wild videos comparing to the state-of-the-art methods, which require much more training data or have higher computational complexity. It provides a robust and highly elegant solution to real-time 3D facial tracking using a small set of training data and hence makes it more practical in real-world applications.      
### 26.Deep Learning to Detect Bacterial Colonies for the Production of Vaccines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00926.pdf)
>  During the development of vaccines, bacterial colony forming units (CFUs) are counted in order to quantify the yield in the fermentation process. This manual task is time-consuming and error-prone. In this work we test multiple segmentation algorithms based on the U-Net CNN architecture and show that these offer robust, automated CFU counting. We show that the multiclass generalisation with a bespoke loss function allows distinguishing virulent and avirulent colonies with acceptable accuracy. While many possibilities are left to explore, our results show the potential of deep learning for separating and classifying bacterial colonies.      
### 27.Going beyond Free Viewpoint: Creating Animatable Volumetric Video of Human Performances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00922.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an end-to-end pipeline for the creation of high-quality animatable volumetric video content of human performances. Going beyond the application of free-viewpoint volumetric video, we allow re-animation and alteration of an actor's performance through (i) the enrichment of the captured data with semantics and animation properties and (ii) applying hybrid geometry- and video-based animation methods that allow a direct animation of the high-quality data itself instead of creating an animatable model that resembles the captured data. Semantic enrichment and geometric animation ability are achieved by establishing temporal consistency in the 3D data, followed by an automatic rigging of each frame using a parametric shape-adaptive full human body model. Our hybrid geometry- and video-based animation approaches combine the flexibility of classical CG animation with the realism of real captured data. For pose editing, we exploit the captured data as much as possible and kinematically deform the captured frames to fit a desired pose. Further, we treat the face differently from the body in a hybrid geometry- and video-based animation approach where coarse movements and poses are modeled in the geometry only, while very fine and subtle details in the face, often lacking in purely geometric methods, are captured in video-based textures. These are processed to be interactively combined to form new facial expressions. On top of that, we learn the appearance of regions that are challenging to synthesize, such as the teeth or the eyes, and fill in missing regions realistically in an autoencoder-based approach. This paper covers the full pipeline from capturing and producing high-quality video content, over the enrichment with semantics and deformation properties for re-animation and processing of the data for the final hybrid animation.      
### 28.Continual Prototype Evolution: Learning Online from Non-Stationary Data Streams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00919.pdf)
>  As learning from non-stationary streams of data has been proven a challenging endeavour, current continual learners often strongly relax the problem, assuming balanced datasets, unlimited processing of data stream subsets, and additional availability of task information, sometimes even during inference. In contrast, our continual learner processes the data streams in an online fashion, without additional task-information, and shows solid robustness to imbalanced data streams resembling a real-world setting. Defying such challenging settings is achieved by aggregating prototypes and nearest-neighbour based classification in a shared latent space, where a Continual Prototype Evolution (CoPE) enables learning and prediction at any point in time. As the embedding network continually changes, prototypes inevitably become obsolete, which we prevent by replay of exemplars from memory. We obtain state-of-the-art performance by a significant margin on five benchmarks, including two highly unbalanced data streams.      
### 29.Neural Crossbreed: Neural Based Image Metamorphosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00905.pdf)
>  We propose Neural Crossbreed, a feed-forward neural network that can learn a semantic change of input images in a latent space to create the morphing effect. Because the network learns a semantic change, a sequence of meaningful intermediate images can be generated without requiring the user to specify explicit correspondences. In addition, the semantic change learning makes it possible to perform the morphing between the images that contain objects with significantly different poses or camera views. Furthermore, just as in conventional morphing techniques, our morphing network can handle shape and appearance transitions separately by disentangling the content and the style transfer for rich usability. We prepare a training dataset for morphing using a pre-trained BigGAN, which generates an intermediate image by interpolating two latent vectors at an intended morphing value. This is the first attempt to address image morphing using a pre-trained generative model in order to learn semantic transformation. The experiments show that Neural Crossbreed produces high quality morphed images, overcoming various limitations associated with conventional approaches. In addition, Neural Crossbreed can be further extended for diverse applications such as multi-image morphing, appearance transfer, and video frame interpolation.      
### 30.Adversarially Robust Neural Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00902.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Network (DNN) are vulnerable to adversarial attack. Existing methods are devoted to developing various robust training strategies or regularizations to update the weights of the neural network. But beyond the weights, the overall structure and information flow in the network are explicitly determined by the neural architecture, which remains unexplored. This paper thus aims to improve the adversarial robustness of the network from the architecture perspective with NAS framework. We explore the relationship among adversarial robustness, Lipschitz constant, and architecture parameters and show that an appropriate constraint on architecture parameters could reduce the Lipschitz constant to further improve the robustness. For NAS framework, all the architecture parameters are equally treated when the discrete architecture is sampled from supernet. However, the importance of architecture parameters could vary from operation to operation or connection to connection, which is not explored and might reduce the confidence of robust architecture sampling. Thus, we propose to sample architecture parameters from trainable multivariate log-normal distributions, with which the Lipschitz constant of entire network can be approximated using a univariate log-normal distribution with mean and variance related to architecture parameters. Compared with adversarially trained neural architectures searched by various NAS algorithms as well as efficient human-designed models, our algorithm empirically achieves the best performance among all the models under various attacks on different datasets.      
### 31.PCPL: Predicate-Correlation Perception Learning for Unbiased Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00893.pdf)
>  Today, scene graph generation(SGG) task is largely limited in realistic scenarios, mainly due to the extremely long-tailed bias of predicate annotation distribution. Thus, tackling the class imbalance trouble of SGG is critical and challenging. In this paper, we first discover that when predicate labels have strong correlation with each other, prevalent re-balancing strategies(e.g., re-sampling and re-weighting) will give rise to either over-fitting the tail data(e.g., bench sitting on sidewalk rather than on), or still suffering the adverse effect from the original uneven distribution(e.g., aggregating varied parked on/standing on/sitting on into on). We argue the principal reason is that re-balancing strategies are sensitive to the frequencies of predicates yet blind to their relatedness, which may play a more important role to promote the learning of predicate features. Therefore, we propose a novel Predicate-Correlation Perception Learning(PCPL for short) scheme to adaptively seek out appropriate loss weights by directly perceiving and utilizing the correlation among predicate classes. Moreover, our PCPL framework is further equipped with a graph encoder module to better extract context features. Extensive experiments on the benchmark VG150 dataset show that the proposed PCPL performs markedly better on tail classes while well-preserving the performance on head ones, which significantly outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods.      
### 32.GAIT: Gradient Adjusted Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00878.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation (IIT) has made much progress recently with the development of adversarial learning. In most of the recent work, an adversarial loss is utilized to match the distributions of the translated and target image sets. However, this may create artifacts if two domains have different marginal distributions, for example, in uniform areas. In this work, we propose an unsupervised IIT method that preserves the uniform regions after the translation. The gradient adjustment loss, which is the L2 norm between the Sobel response of the target image and the adjusted Sobel response of the source images, is utilized. The proposed method is validated on the jellyfish-to-Haeckel dataset, which is prepared to demonstrate the mentioned problem, which contains images with different background distributions. We demonstrate that our method obtained a performance gain compared to the baseline method qualitatively and quantitatively, showing the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 33.ALEX: Active Learning based Enhancement of a Model's Explainability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00859.pdf)
>  An active learning (AL) algorithm seeks to construct an effective classifier with a minimal number of labeled examples in a bootstrapping manner. While standard AL heuristics, such as selecting those points for annotation for which a classification model yields least confident predictions, there has been no empirical investigation to see if these heuristics lead to models that are more interpretable to humans. In the era of data-driven learning, this is an important research direction to pursue. This paper describes our work-in-progress towards developing an AL selection function that in addition to model effectiveness also seeks to improve on the interpretability of a model during the bootstrapping steps. Concretely speaking, our proposed selection function trains an `explainer' model in addition to the classifier model, and favours those instances where a different part of the data is used, on an average, to explain the predicted class. Initial experiments exhibited encouraging trends in showing that such a heuristic can lead to developing more effective and more explainable end-to-end data-driven classifiers.      
### 34.e-TLD: Event-based Framework for Dynamic Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00855.pdf)
>  This paper presents a long-term object tracking framework with a moving event camera under general tracking conditions. A first of its kind for these revolutionary cameras, the tracking framework uses a discriminative representation for the object with online learning, and detects and re-tracks the object when it comes back into the field-of-view. One of the key novelties is the use of an event-based local sliding window technique that tracks reliably in scenes with cluttered and textured background. In addition, Bayesian bootstrapping is used to assist real-time processing and boost the discriminative power of the object representation. On the other hand, when the object re-enters the field-of-view of the camera, a data-driven, global sliding window detector locates the object for subsequent tracking. Extensive experiments demonstrate the ability of the proposed framework to track and detect arbitrary objects of various shapes and sizes, including dynamic objects such as a human. This is a significant improvement compared to earlier works that simply track objects as long as they are visible under simpler background settings. Using the ground truth locations for five different objects under three motion settings, namely translation, rotation and 6-DOF, quantitative measurement is reported for the event-based tracking framework with critical insights on various performance issues. Finally, real-time implementation in C++ highlights tracking ability under scale, rotation, view-point and occlusion scenarios in a lab setting.      
### 35.Retaining Image Feature Matching Performance Under Low Light Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00842.pdf)
>  Poor image quality in low light images may result in a reduced number of feature matching between images. In this paper, we investigate the performance of feature extraction algorithms in low light environments. To find an optimal setting to retain feature matching performance in low light images, we look into the effect of changing feature acceptance threshold for feature detector and adding pre-processing in the form of Low Light Image Enhancement (LLIE) prior to feature detection. We observe that even in low light images, feature matching using traditional hand-crafted feature detectors still performs reasonably well by lowering the threshold parameter. We also show that applying Low Light Image Enhancement (LLIE) algorithms can improve feature matching even more when paired with the right feature extraction algorithm.      
### 36.Intrinsic Relationship Reasoning for Small Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00833.pdf)
>  The small objects in images and videos are usually not independent individuals. Instead, they more or less present some semantic and spatial layout relationships with each other. Modeling and inferring such intrinsic relationships can thereby be beneficial for small object detection. In this paper, we propose a novel context reasoning approach for small object detection which models and infers the intrinsic semantic and spatial layout relationships between objects. Specifically, we first construct a semantic module to model the sparse semantic relationships based on the initial regional features, and a spatial layout module to model the sparse spatial layout relationships based on their position and shape information, respectively. Both of them are then fed into a context reasoning module for integrating the contextual information with respect to the objects and their relationships, which is further fused with the original regional visual features for classification and regression. Experimental results reveal that the proposed approach can effectively boost the small object detection performance.      
### 37.Convolutional Nonlinear Dictionary with Cascaded Structure Filter Banks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00831.pdf)
>  This study proposes a convolutional nonlinear dictionary (CNLD) for image restoration using cascaded filter banks. Generally, convolutional neural networks (CNN) demonstrate their practicality in image restoration applications; however, existing CNNs are constructed without considering the relationship among atomic images (convolution kernels). As a result, there remains room for discussing the role of design spaces. To provide a framework for constructing an effective and structured convolutional network, this study proposes the CNLD. The backpropagation learning procedure is derived from certain image restoration experiments, and thereby the significance of CNLD is verified. It is demonstrated that the number of parameters is reduced while preserving the restoration performance.      
### 38.On the Structures of Representation for the Robustness of Semantic Segmentation to Input Corruption  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00817.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a scene understanding task at the heart of safety-critical applications where robustness to corrupted inputs is essential. Implicit Background Estimation (IBE) has demonstrated to be a promising technique to improve the robustness to out-of-distribution inputs for semantic segmentation models for little to no cost. In this paper, we provide analysis comparing the structures learned as a result of optimization objectives that use Softmax, IBE, and Sigmoid in order to improve understanding their relationship to robustness. As a result of this analysis, we propose combining Sigmoid with IBE (SCrIBE) to improve robustness. Finally, we demonstrate that SCrIBE exhibits superior segmentation performance aggregated across all corruptions and severity levels with a mIOU of 42.1 compared to both IBE 40.3 and the Softmax Baseline 37.5.      
### 39.Open-set Adversarial Defense  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00814.pdf)
>  Open-set recognition and adversarial defense study two key aspects of deep learning that are vital for real-world deployment. The objective of open-set recognition is to identify samples from open-set classes during testing, while adversarial defense aims to defend the network against images with imperceptible adversarial perturbations. In this paper, we show that open-set recognition systems are vulnerable to adversarial attacks. Furthermore, we show that adversarial defense mechanisms trained on known classes do not generalize well to open-set samples. Motivated by this observation, we emphasize the need of an Open-Set Adversarial Defense (OSAD) mechanism. This paper proposes an Open-Set Defense Network (OSDN) as a solution to the OSAD problem. The proposed network uses an encoder with feature-denoising layers coupled with a classifier to learn a noise-free latent feature representation. Two techniques are employed to obtain an informative latent feature space with the objective of improving open-set performance. First, a decoder is used to ensure that clean images can be reconstructed from the obtained latent features. Then, self-supervision is used to ensure that the latent features are informative enough to carry out an auxiliary task. We introduce a testing protocol to evaluate OSAD performance and show the effectiveness of the proposed method in multiple object classification datasets. The implementation code of the proposed method is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rshaojimmy/ECCV2020-OSAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.CLOCs: Camera-LiDAR Object Candidates Fusion for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00784.pdf)
>  There have been significant advances in neural networks for both 3D object detection using LiDAR and 2D object detection using video. However, it has been surprisingly difficult to train networks to effectively use both modalities in a way that demonstrates gain over single-modality networks. In this paper, we propose a novel Camera-LiDAR Object Candidates (CLOCs) fusion network. CLOCs fusion provides a low-complexity multi-modal fusion framework that significantly improves the performance of single-modality detectors. CLOCs operates on the combined output candidates before Non-Maximum Suppression (NMS) of any 2D and any 3D detector, and is trained to leverage their geometric and semantic consistencies to produce more accurate final 3D and 2D detection results. Our experimental evaluation on the challenging KITTI object detection benchmark, including 3D and bird's eye view metrics, shows significant improvements, especially at long distance, over the state-of-the-art fusion based methods. At time of submission, CLOCs ranks the highest among all the fusion-based methods in the official KITTI leaderboard. We will release our code upon acceptance.      
### 41.A perception centred self-driving system without HD Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00782.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new self-driving system to solve the localization and lines detection problem with the scalability under consideration. The proposed system is HD Map unrelated. All path planning is based on a rebuilt scene based on a topological map, and the traffic lines detection result from our detection subsystem. The proposed lines detection subsystem achieves a state of the art performance without using deep learning. The proposed localization subsystem relies on neither GPS nor IMU and provide a human level localization result by counting the stop lines and intersections. The system was tested on diverse datasets covering complicated urban situations. It is proved to be robust and easy to implement on a large scale.      
### 42.LSMVOS: Long-Short-Term Similarity Matching for Video Object  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00771.pdf)
>  Objective Semi-supervised video object segmentation refers to segmenting the object in subsequent frames given the object label in the first frame. Existing algorithms are mostly based on the objectives of matching and propagation strategies, which often make use of the previous frame with masking or optical flow. This paper explores a new propagation method, uses short-term matching modules to extract the information of the previous frame and apply it in propagation, and proposes the network of Long-Short-Term similarity matching for video object segmentation (LSMOVS) Method: By conducting pixel-level matching and correlation between long-term matching module and short-term matching module with the first frame and previous frame, global similarity map and local similarity map are obtained, as well as feature pattern of current frame and masking of previous frame. After two refine networks, final results are obtained through segmentation network. Results: According to the experiments on the two data sets DAVIS 2016 and 2017, the method of this paper achieves favorable average of region similarity and contour accuracy without online fine tuning, which achieves 86.5% and 77.4% in terms of single target and multiple targets. Besides, the count of segmented frames per second reached 21. Conclusion: The short-term matching module proposed in this paper is more conducive to extracting the information of the previous frame than only the mask. By combining the long-term matching module with the short-term matching module, the whole network can achieve efficient video object segmentation without online fine tuning      
### 43.Monocular 3D Detection with Geometric Constraints Embedding and Semi-supervised Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00764.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel single-shot and keypoints-based framework for monocular 3D objects detection using only RGB images, called KM3D-Net. We design a fully convolutional model to predict object keypoints, dimension, and orientation, and then combine these estimations with perspective geometry constraints to compute position attribute. Further, we reformulate the geometric constraints as a differentiable version and embed it into the network to reduce running time while maintaining the consistency of model outputs in an end-to-end fashion. Benefiting from this simple structure, we then propose an effective semi-supervised training strategy for the setting where labeled training data is scarce. In this strategy, we enforce a consensus prediction of two shared-weights KM3D-Net for the same unlabeled image under different input augmentation conditions and network regularization. In particular, we unify the coordinate-dependent augmentations as the affine transformation for the differential recovering position of objects and propose a keypoints-dropout module for the network regularization. Our model only requires RGB images without synthetic data, instance segmentation, CAD model, or depth generator. Nevertheless, extensive experiments on the popular KITTI 3D detection dataset indicate that the KM3D-Net surpasses all previous state-of-the-art methods in both efficiency and accuracy by a large margin. And also, to the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that semi-supervised learning is applied in monocular 3D objects detection. We even surpass most of the previous fully supervised methods with only 13\% labeled data on KITTI.      
### 44.Iris Liveness Detection Competition (LivDet-Iris) -- The 2020 Edition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00749.pdf)
>  Launched in 2013, LivDet-Iris is an international competition series open to academia and industry with the aim to assess and report advances in iris Presentation Attack Detection (PAD). This paper presents results from the fourth competition of the series: LivDet-Iris 2020. This year's competition introduced several novel elements: (a) incorporated new types of attacks (samples displayed on a screen, cadaver eyes and prosthetic eyes), (b) initiated LivDet-Iris as an on-going effort, with a testing protocol available now to everyone via the Biometrics Evaluation and Testing (BEAT)(<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.idiap.ch/software/beat/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) open-source platform to facilitate reproducibility and benchmarking of new algorithms continuously, and (c) performance comparison of the submitted entries with three baseline methods (offered by the University of Notre Dame and Michigan State University), and three open-source iris PAD methods available in the public domain. The best performing entry to the competition reported a weighted average APCER of 59.10\% and a BPCER of 0.46\% over all five attack types. This paper serves as the latest evaluation of iris PAD on a large spectrum of presentation attack instruments.      
### 45.Bidirectional Attention Network for Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00743.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a Bidirectional Attention Network (BANet), an end-to-end framework for monocular depth estimation that addresses the limitation of effectively integrating local and global information in convolutional neural networks. The structure of this mechanism derives from a strong conceptual foundation of neural machine translation, and presents a light-weight mechanism for adaptive control of computation similar to the dynamic nature of recurrent neural networks. We introduce bidirectional attention modules that utilize the feed-forward feature maps and incorporate the global context to filter out ambiguity. Extensive experiments reveal the high degree of capability that this bidirectional attention model presents over feed-forward baselines and other state-of-the-art methods for monocular depth estimation on two challenging datasets, KITTI and DIODE. We show that our proposed approach either outperforms or performs at least on a par with the state-of-the-art monocular depth estimation methods with less memory and computational complexity.      
### 46.SPAN: Spatial Pyramid Attention Network forImage Manipulation Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00726.pdf)
>  We present a novel framework, Spatial Pyramid Attention Network (SPAN) for detection and localization of multiple types of image manipulations. The proposed architecture efficiently and effectively models the relationship between image patches at multiple scales by constructing a pyramid of local self-attention blocks. The design includes a novel position projection to encode the spatial positions of the patches. SPAN is trained on a generic, synthetic dataset but can also be fine tuned for specific datasets; The proposed method shows significant gains in performance on standard datasets over previous state-of-the-art methods.      
### 47.Unsupervised Single-Image Reflection Separation Using Perceptual Deep Image Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00702.pdf)
>  Reflections often degrade the quality of the image by obstructing the background scene. This is not desirable for everyday users, and it negatively impacts the performance of multimedia applications that process images with reflections. Most current methods for removing reflections utilize supervised-learning models. However, these models require an extensive number of image pairs to perform well, especially on natural images with reflection, which is difficult to achieve in practice. In this paper, we propose a novel unsupervised framework for single-image reflection separation. Instead of learning from a large dataset, we optimize the parameters of two cross-coupled deep convolutional networks on a target image to generate two exclusive background and reflection layers. In particular, we design a new architecture of the network to embed semantic features extracted from a pre-trained deep classification network, which gives more meaningful separation similar to human perception. Quantitative and qualitative results on commonly used datasets in the literature show that our method's performance is at least on par with the state-of-the-art supervised methods and, occasionally, better without requiring large training datasets. Our results also show that our method significantly outperforms the closest unsupervised method in the literature for removing reflections from single images.      
### 48.Aggregating Long-Term Context for Learning Surgical Workflows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00681.pdf)
>  Analyzing surgical workflow is crucial for computers to understand surgeries. Deep learning techniques have recently been widely applied to recognize surgical workflows. Many of the existing temporal neural network models are limited in their capability to handle long-term dependencies in the data, instead of relying upon strong performance of the underlying per-frame visual models. We propose a new temporal network structure that leverages task-specific network representation to collect long-term sufficient statistics that are propagated by a sufficient statistics model (SSM). We leverage our approach within an LSTM back-bone for the task of surgical phase recognition and explore several choices for propagated statistics. We demonstrate superior results over existing state-of-the-art segmentation and novel segmentation techniques, on two laparoscopic cholecystectomy datasets: the already published Cholec80dataset and MGH100, a novel dataset with more challenging, yet clinically meaningful, segment labels.      
### 49.Text and Style Conditioned GAN for Generation of Offline Handwriting Lines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00678.pdf)
>  This paper presents a GAN for generating images of handwritten lines conditioned on arbitrary text and latent style vectors. Unlike prior work, which produce stroke points or single-word images, this model generates entire lines of offline handwriting. The model produces variable-sized images by using style vectors to determine character widths. A generator network is trained with GAN and autoencoder techniques to learn style, and uses a pre-trained handwriting recognition network to induce legibility. A study using human evaluators demonstrates that the model produces images that appear to be written by a human. After training, the encoder network can extract a style vector from an image, allowing images in a similar style to be generated, but with arbitrary text.      
### 50.Fed-Sim: Federated Simulation for Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00668.pdf)
>  Labelling data is expensive and time consuming especially for domains such as medical imaging that contain volumetric imaging data and require expert knowledge. Exploiting a larger pool of labeled data available across multiple centers, such as in federated learning, has also seen limited success since current deep learning approaches do not generalize well to images acquired with scanners from different manufacturers. We aim to address these problems in a common, learning-based image simulation framework which we refer to as Federated Simulation. We introduce a physics-driven generative approach that consists of two learnable neural modules: 1) a module that synthesizes 3D cardiac shapes along with their materials, and 2) a CT simulator that renders these into realistic 3D CT Volumes, with annotations. Since the model of geometry and material is disentangled from the imaging sensor, it can effectively be trained across multiple medical centers. We show that our data synthesis framework improves the downstream segmentation performance on several datasets. Project Page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nv-tlabs.github.io/fed-sim/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 51.View-invariant action recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00638.pdf)
>  Human action recognition is an important problem in computer vision. It has a wide range of applications in surveillance, human-computer interaction, augmented reality, video indexing, and retrieval. The varying pattern of spatio-temporal appearance generated by human action is key for identifying the performed action. We have seen a lot of research exploring this dynamics of spatio-temporal appearance for learning a visual representation of human actions. However, most of the research in action recognition is focused on some common viewpoints, and these approaches do not perform well when there is a change in viewpoint. Human actions are performed in a 3-dimensional environment and are projected to a 2-dimensional space when captured as a video from a given viewpoint. Therefore, an action will have a different spatio-temporal appearance from different viewpoints. The research in view-invariant action recognition addresses this problem and focuses on recognizing human actions from unseen viewpoints.      
### 52.NPRportrait 1.0: A Three-Level Benchmark for Non-Photorealistic Rendering of Portraits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00633.pdf)
>  Despite the recent upsurge of activity in image-based non-photorealistic rendering (NPR), and in particular portrait image stylisation, due to the advent of neural style transfer, the state of performance evaluation in this field is limited, especially compared to the norms in the computer vision and machine learning communities. Unfortunately, the task of evaluating image stylisation is thus far not well defined, since it involves subjective, perceptual and aesthetic aspects. To make progress towards a solution, this paper proposes a new structured, three level, benchmark dataset for the evaluation of stylised portrait images. Rigorous criteria were used for its construction, and its consistency was validated by user studies. Moreover, a new methodology has been developed for evaluating portrait stylisation algorithms, which makes use of the different benchmark levels as well as annotations provided by user studies regarding the characteristics of the faces. We perform evaluation for a wide variety of image stylisation methods (both portrait-specific and general purpose, and also both traditional NPR approaches and neural style transfer) using the new benchmark dataset.      
### 53.Excavating "Excavating AI": The Elephant in the Gallery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01215.pdf)
>  Contains critical commentary on the exhibitions "Training Humans" and "Making Faces" by Kate Crawford and Trevor Paglen, and on the accompanying essay "Excavating AI: The politics of images in machine learning training sets."      
### 54.The Effect of Various Strengths of Noises and Data Augmentations on Classification of Short Single-Lead ECG Signals Using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01192.pdf)
>  Due to the multiple imperfections during the signal acquisition, Electrocardiogram (ECG) datasets are typically contaminated with numerous types of noise, like salt and pepper and baseline drift. These datasets may contain different recordings with various types of noise [1] and thus, denoising may not be the easiest task. Furthermore, usually, the number of labeled bio-signals is very limited for a proper classification task.      
### 55.Decentralized Source Localization Using Wireless Sensor Networks from Noisy Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01062.pdf)
>  In this paper, the source (event) localization problem is studied in decentralized wireless sensor networks under the fault model where the sensor nodes observe the source and report their decisions to the Fusion Center (FC) for estimating source location. Due to fault model, sensor nodes may provide false positive or false negative decisions to the FC. Event localizations have many applications such as localizing intruder, pollutant sources like biological and chemical weapons, enemies positions in combat monitoring, and faults in power systems. We propose two methods to estimate the source location under the fault model: hitting set approach and feature selection method, which utilize the noisy data set at the FC for estimation of the source location. We have shown that these methods are more fault tolerant in estimating the source location and are not complex as well. We also study the lower bound on the sample complexity requirement for hitting set method. These methods have also been extended for multiple sources localization. Finally, extensive simulations are carried out for different parameters (i.e., the number of sensor nodes and sample complexity) to validate our proposed methods, which show that the proposed methods achieve better performances under the fault model.      
### 56.DARTS-: Robustly Stepping out of Performance Collapse Without Indicators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.01027.pdf)
>  Despite the fast development of differentiable architecture search (DARTS), it suffers from a standing instability issue regarding searching performance, which extremely limits its application. Existing robustifying methods draw clues from the outcome instead of finding out the causing factor. Various indicators such as Hessian eigenvalues are proposed as a signal of performance collapse, and the searching should be stopped once an indicator reaches a preset threshold. However, these methods tend to easily reject good architectures if thresholds are inappropriately set, let alone the searching is intrinsically noisy. In this paper, we undertake a more subtle and direct approach to resolve the collapse. We first demonstrate that skip connections with a learnable architectural coefficient can easily recover from a disadvantageous state and become dominant. We conjecture that skip connections profit too much from this privilege, hence causing the collapse for the derived model. Therefore, we propose to factor out this benefit with an auxiliary skip connection, ensuring a fairer competition for all operations. Extensive experiments on various datasets verify that our approach can substantially improve the robustness of DARTS.      
### 57.Classification of Diabetic Retinopathy Using Unlabeled Data and Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00982.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation allows transferring knowledge from a pre-trained model to another. However, it suffers from limitations, and constraints related to the two models need to be architecturally similar. Knowledge distillation addresses some of the shortcomings associated with transfer learning by generalizing a complex model to a lighter model. However, some parts of the knowledge may not be distilled by knowledge distillation sufficiently. In this paper, a novel knowledge distillation approach using transfer learning is proposed. The proposed method transfers the entire knowledge of a model to a new smaller one. To accomplish this, unlabeled data are used in an unsupervised manner to transfer the maximum amount of knowledge to the new slimmer model. The proposed method can be beneficial in medical image analysis, where labeled data are typically scarce. The proposed approach is evaluated in the context of classification of images for diagnosing Diabetic Retinopathy on two publicly available datasets, including Messidor and EyePACS. Simulation results demonstrate that the approach is effective in transferring knowledge from a complex model to a lighter one. Furthermore, experimental results illustrate that the performance of different small models is improved significantly using unlabeled data and knowledge distillation.      
### 58.Overcoming Negative Transfer: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00909.pdf)
>  Transfer learning aims to help the target task with little or no training data by leveraging knowledge from one or multi-related auxiliary tasks. In practice, the success of transfer learning is not always guaranteed, negative transfer is a long-standing problem in transfer learning literature, which has been well recognized within the transfer learning community. How to overcome negative transfer has been studied for a long time and has raised increasing attention in recent years. Thus, it is both necessary and challenging to comprehensively review the relevant researches. This survey attempts to analyze the factors related to negative transfer and summarizes the theories and advances of overcoming negative transfer from four crucial aspects: source data quality, target data quality, domain divergence and generic algorithms, which may provide the readers an insight into the current research status and ideas. Additionally, we provided some general guidelines on how to detect and overcome negative transfer on real data, including the negative transfer detection, datasets, baselines, and general routines. The survey provides researchers a framework for better understanding and identifying the research status, fundamental questions, open challenges and future directions of the field.      
### 59.DARWIN: A Highly Flexible Platform for Imaging Research in Radiology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00908.pdf)
>  To conduct a radiomics or deep learning research experiment, the radiologists or physicians need to grasp the needed programming skills, which, however, could be frustrating and costly when they have limited coding experience. In this paper, we present DARWIN, a flexible research platform with a graphical user interface for medical imaging research. Our platform is consists of a radiomics module and a deep learning module. The radiomics module can extract more than 1000 dimension features(first-, second-, and higher-order) and provided many draggable supervised and unsupervised machine learning models. Our deep learning module integrates state of the art architectures of classification, detection, and segmentation tasks. It allows users to manually select hyperparameters, or choose an algorithm to automatically search for the best ones. DARWIN also offers the possibility for users to define a custom pipeline for their experiment. These flexibilities enable radiologists to carry out various experiments easily.      
### 60.Efficient, high-performance pancreatic segmentation using multi-scale feature extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00872.pdf)
>  For artificial intelligence-based image analysis methods to reach clinical applicability, the development of high-performance algorithms is crucial. For example, existent segmentation algorithms based on natural images are neither efficient in their parameter use nor optimized for medical imaging. Here we present MoNet, a highly optimized neural-network-based pancreatic segmentation algorithm focused on achieving high performance by efficient multi-scale image feature utilization.      
### 61.Breast mass detection in digital mammography based on anchor-free architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00857.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: Accurate detection of breast masses in mammography images is critical to diagnose early breast cancer, which can greatly improve the patients survival rate. However, it is still a big challenge due to the heterogeneity of breast masses and the complexity of their surrounding environment.Methods: To address these problems, we propose a one-stage object detection architecture, called Breast Mass Detection Network (BMassDNet), based on anchor-free and feature pyramid which makes the detection of breast masses of different sizes well adapted. We introduce a truncation normalization method and combine it with adaptive histogram equalization to enhance the contrast between the breast mass and the surrounding environment. Meanwhile, to solve the overfitting problem caused by small data size, we propose a natural deformation data augmentation method and mend the train data dynamic updating method based on the data complexity to effectively utilize the limited data. Finally, we use transfer learning to assist the training process and to improve the robustness of the model ulteriorly.Results: On the INbreast dataset, each image has an average of 0.495 false positives whilst the recall rate is 0.930; On the DDSM dataset, when each image has 0.599 false positives, the recall rate reaches 0.943.Conclusions: The experimental results on datasets INbreast and DDSM show that the proposed BMassDNet can obtain competitive detection performance over the current top ranked methods.      
### 62.Estimating the Brittleness of AI: Safety Integrity Levels and the Need for Testing Out-Of-Distribution Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00802.pdf)
>  Test, Evaluation, Verification, and Validation (TEVV) for Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a challenge that threatens to limit the economic and societal rewards that AI researchers have devoted themselves to producing. A central task of TEVV for AI is estimating brittleness, where brittleness implies that the system functions well within some bounds and poorly outside of those bounds. This paper argues that neither of those criteria are certain of Deep Neural Networks. First, highly touted AI successes (eg. image classification and speech recognition) are orders of magnitude more failure-prone than are typically certified in critical systems even within design bounds (perfectly in-distribution sampling). Second, performance falls off only gradually as inputs become further Out-Of-Distribution (OOD). Enhanced emphasis is needed on designing systems that are resilient despite failure-prone AI components as well as on evaluating and improving OOD performance in order to get AI to where it can clear the challenging hurdles of TEVV and certification.      
### 63.On Open and Strong-Scaling Tools for Atom Probe Crystallography: High-Throughput Methods for Indexing Crystal Structure and Orientation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00735.pdf)
>  Volumetric crystal structure indexing and orientation mapping are key data processing steps for virtually any quantitative study of spatial correlations between the local chemistry and the microstructure of a material. For electron and X-ray diffraction methods it is possible to develop indexing tools which compare measured and analytically computed patterns to decode the structure and relative orientation within local regions of interest. Consequently, a number of numerically efficient and automated software tools exist to solve the above characterisation tasks. <br>For atom probe tomography (APT) experiments, however, the strategy of making comparisons between measured and analytically computed patterns is less robust because many APT datasets may contain substantial noise. Given that general enough predictive models for such noise remain elusive, crystallography tools for APT face several limitations: Their robustness to noise, and therefore, their capability to identify and distinguish different crystal structures and orientation is limited. In addition, the tools are sequential and demand substantial manual interaction. In combination, this makes robust uncertainty quantifying with automated high-throughput studies of the latent crystallographic information a difficult task with APT data. <br>To improve the situation, we review the existent methods and discuss how they link to those in the diffraction communities. With this we modify some of the APT methods to yield more robust descriptors of the atomic arrangement. We report how this enables the development of an open-source software tool for strong-scaling and automated identifying of crystal structure and mapping crystal orientation in nanocrystalline APT datasets with multiple phases.      
### 64.Applying a random projection algorithm to optimize machine learning model for predicting peritoneal metastasis in gastric cancer patients using CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00675.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: Non-invasively predicting the risk of cancer metastasis before surgery plays an essential role in determining optimal treatment methods for cancer patients (including who can benefit from neoadjuvant chemotherapy). Although developing radiomics based machine learning (ML) models has attracted broad research interest for this purpose, it often faces a challenge of how to build a highly performed and robust ML model using small and imbalanced image datasets. Methods: In this study, we explore a new approach to build an optimal ML model. A retrospective dataset involving abdominal computed tomography (CT) images acquired from 159 patients diagnosed with gastric cancer is assembled. Among them, 121 cases have peritoneal metastasis (PM), while 38 cases do not have PM. A computer-aided detection (CAD) scheme is first applied to segment primary gastric tumor volumes and initially computes 315 image features. Then, two Gradient Boosting Machine (GBM) models embedded with two different feature dimensionality reduction methods, namely, the principal component analysis (PCA) and a random projection algorithm (RPA) and a synthetic minority oversampling technique, are built to predict the risk of the patients having PM. All GBM models are trained and tested using a leave-one-case-out cross-validation method. Results: Results show that the GBM embedded with RPA yielded a significantly higher prediction accuracy (71.2%) than using PCA (65.2%) (p&lt;0.05). Conclusions: The study demonstrated that CT images of the primary gastric tumors contain discriminatory information to predict the risk of PM, and RPA is a promising method to generate optimal feature vector, improving the performance of ML models of medical images.      
### 65.Operational vs Convolutional Neural Networks for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00612.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have recently become a favored technique for image denoising due to its adaptive learning ability, especially with a deep configuration. However, their efficacy is inherently limited owing to their homogenous network formation with the unique use of linear convolution. In this study, we propose a heterogeneous network model which allows greater flexibility for embedding additional non-linearity at the core of the data transformation. To this end, we propose the idea of an operational neuron or Operational Neural Networks (ONN), which enables a flexible non-linear and heterogeneous configuration employing both inter and intra-layer neuronal diversity. Furthermore, we propose a robust operator search strategy inspired by the Hebbian theory, called the Synaptic Plasticity Monitoring (SPM) which can make data-driven choices for non-linearities in any architecture. An extensive set of comparative evaluations of ONNs and CNNs over two severe image denoising problems yield conclusive evidence that ONNs enriched by non-linear operators can achieve a superior denoising performance against CNNs with both equivalent and well-known deep configurations.      
### 66.Adversarial Shapley Value Experience Replay for Task-Free Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00093.pdf)
>  Continual learning is a branch of deep learning that seeks to strike a balance between learning stability and plasticity. In this paper, we specifically focus on the task-free setting where data are streamed online without task metadata and clear task boundaries. A simple and highly effective algorithm class for this setting is known as Experience Replay (ER) that selectively stores data samples from previous experience and leverages them to interleave memory-based and online batch learning updates. Recent advances in ER have proposed novel methods for scoring which samples to store in memory and which memory samples to interleave with online data during learning updates. In this paper, we contribute a novel Adversarial Shapley value ER (ASER) method that scores memory data samples according to their ability to preserve latent decision boundaries for previously observed classes (to maintain learning stability and avoid forgetting) while interfering with latent decision boundaries of current classes being learned (to encourage plasticity and optimal learning of new class boundaries). Overall, we observe that ASER provides competitive or improved performance on a variety of datasets compared to state-of-the-art ER-based continual learning methods.      
