# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 8 Sep 2020
### 1.Improved Modeling of 3D Shapes with Multi-view Depth Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03298.pdf)
>  We present a simple yet effective general-purpose framework for modeling 3D shapes by leveraging recent advances in 2D image generation using CNNs. Using just a single depth image of the object, we can output a dense multi-view depth map representation of 3D objects. Our simple encoder-decoder framework, comprised of a novel identity encoder and class-conditional viewpoint generator, generates 3D consistent depth maps. Our experimental results demonstrate the two-fold advantage of our approach. First, we can directly borrow architectures that work well in the 2D image domain to 3D. Second, we can effectively generate high-resolution 3D shapes with low computational memory. Our quantitative evaluations show that our method is superior to existing depth map methods for reconstructing and synthesizing 3D objects and is competitive with other representations, such as point clouds, voxel grids, and implicit functions.      
### 2.A novel action recognition system for smart monitoring of elderly people using Action Pattern Image and Series CNN with transfer learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03285.pdf)
>  Falling of elderly people who are staying alone at home leads to health risks. If they are not attended immediately even it may lead to fatal danger to their life. In this paper a novel computer vision-based system for smart monitoring of elderly people using Series Convolutional Neural Network (SCNN) with transfer learning is proposed. When CNN is trained by the frames of the videos directly, it learns from all pixels including the background pixels. Generally, the background in a video does not contribute anything in identifying the action and actually it will mislead the action classification. So, we propose a novel action recognition system and our contributions are 1) to generate more general action patterns which are not affected by illumination and background variations of the video sequences and eliminate the obligation of image augmentation in CNN training 2) to design SCNN architecture and enhance the feature extraction process to learn large amount of data, 3) to present the patterns learnt by the neurons in the layers and analyze how these neurons capture the action when the input pattern is passing through these neurons, and 4) to extend the capability of the trained SCNN for recognizing fall actions using transfer learning.      
### 3.User-assisted Video Reflection Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03281.pdf)
>  Reflections in videos are obstructions that often occur when videos are taken behind reflective surfaces like glass. These reflections reduce the quality of such videos, lead to information loss and degrade the accuracy of many computer vision algorithms. A video containing reflections is a combination of background and reflection layers. Thus, reflection removal is equivalent to decomposing the video into two layers. This, however, is a challenging and ill-posed problem as there is an infinite number of valid decompositions. To address this problem, we propose a user-assisted method for video reflection removal. We rely on both spatial and temporal information and utilize sparse user hints to help improve separation. The key idea of the proposed method is to use motion cues to separate the background layer from the reflection layer with minimal user assistance. We show that user-assistance significantly improves the layer separation results. We implement and evaluate the proposed method through quantitative and qualitative results on real and synthetic videos. Our experiments show that the proposed method successfully removes reflection from video sequences, does not introduce visual distortions, and significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art reflection removal methods in the literature.      
### 4.Integrating Egocentric Localization for More Realistic Point-Goal Navigation Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03231.pdf)
>  Recent work has presented embodied agents that can navigate to point-goal targets in novel indoor environments with near-perfect accuracy. However, these agents are equipped with idealized sensors for localization and take deterministic actions. This setting is practically sterile by comparison to the dirty reality of noisy sensors and actuations in the real world -- wheels can slip, motion sensors have error, actuations can rebound. In this work, we take a step towards this noisy reality, developing point-goal navigation agents that rely on visual estimates of egomotion under noisy action dynamics. We find these agents outperform naive adaptions of current point-goal agents to this setting as well as those incorporating classic localization baselines. Further, our model conceptually divides learning agent dynamics or odometry (where am I?) from task-specific navigation policy (where do I want to go?). This enables a seamless adaption to changing dynamics (a different robot or floor type) by simply re-calibrating the visual odometry model -- circumventing the expense of re-training of the navigation policy. Our agent was the runner-up in the PointNav track of CVPR 2020 Habitat Challenge.      
### 5.A Review on Near Duplicate Detection of Images using Computer Vision Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03224.pdf)
>  Nowadays, digital content is widespread and simply redistributable, either lawfully or unlawfully. For example, after images are posted on the internet, other web users can modify them and then repost their versions, thereby generating near-duplicate images. The presence of near-duplicates affects the performance of the search engines critically. Computer vision is concerned with the automatic extraction, analysis and understanding of useful information from digital images. The main application of computer vision is image understanding. There are several tasks in image understanding such as feature extraction, object detection, object recognition, image cleaning, image transformation, etc. There is no proper survey in literature related to near duplicate detection of images. In this paper, we review the state-of-the-art computer vision-based approaches and feature extraction methods for the detection of near duplicate images. We also discuss the main challenges in this field and how other researchers addressed those challenges. This review provides research directions to the fellow researchers who are interested to work in this field.      
### 6.Are Deep Neural Architectures Losing Information? Invertibility Is Indispensable  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03173.pdf)
>  Ever since the advent of AlexNet, designing novel deep neural architectures for different tasks has consistently been a productive research direction. Despite the exceptional performance of various architectures in practice, we study a theoretical question: what is the condition for deep neural architectures to preserve all the information of the input data? Identifying the information lossless condition for deep neural architectures is important, because tasks such as image restoration require keep the detailed information of the input data as much as possible. Using the definition of mutual information, we show that: a deep neural architecture can preserve maximum details about the given data if and only if the architecture is invertible. We verify the advantages of our Invertible Restoring Autoencoder (IRAE) network by comparing it with competitive models on three perturbed image restoration tasks: image denoising, jpeg image decompression and image inpainting. Experimental results show that IRAE consistently outperforms non-invertible ones. Our model even contains far fewer parameters. Thus, it may be worthwhile to try replacing standard components of deep neural architectures, such as residual blocks and ReLU, with their invertible counterparts. We believe our work provides a unique perspective and direction for future deep learning research.      
### 7.Improving colonoscopy lesion classification using semi-supervised deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03162.pdf)
>  While data-driven approaches excel at many image analysis tasks, the performance of these approaches is often limited by a shortage of annotated data available for training. Recent work in semi-supervised learning has shown that meaningful representations of images can be obtained from training with large quantities of unlabeled data, and that these representations can improve the performance of supervised tasks. Here, we demonstrate that an unsupervised jigsaw learning task, in combination with supervised training, results in up to a 9.8% improvement in correctly classifying lesions in colonoscopy images when compared to a fully-supervised baseline. We additionally benchmark improvements in domain adaptation and out-of-distribution detection, and demonstrate that semi-supervised learning outperforms supervised learning in both cases. In colonoscopy applications, these metrics are important given the skill required for endoscopic assessment of lesions, the wide variety of endoscopy systems in use, and the homogeneity that is typical of labeled datasets.      
### 8.Deepfake detection: humans vs. machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03155.pdf)
>  Deepfake videos, where a person's face is automatically swapped with a face of someone else, are becoming easier to generate with more realistic results. In response to the threat such manipulations can pose to our trust in video evidence, several large datasets of deepfake videos and many methods to detect them were proposed recently. However, it is still unclear how realistic deepfake videos are for an average person and whether the algorithms are significantly better than humans at detecting them. In this paper, we present a subjective study conducted in a crowdsourcing-like scenario, which systematically evaluates how hard it is for humans to see if the video is deepfake or not. For the evaluation, we used 120 different videos (60 deepfakes and 60 originals) manually pre-selected from the Facebook deepfake database, which was provided in the Kaggle's Deepfake Detection Challenge 2020. For each video, a simple question: "Is face of the person in the video real of fake?" was answered on average by 19 naïve subjects. The results of the subjective evaluation were compared with the performance of two different state of the art deepfake detection methods, based on Xception and EfficientNets (B4 variant) neural networks, which were pre-trained on two other large public databases: the Google's subset from FaceForensics++ and the recent Celeb-DF dataset. The evaluation demonstrates that while the human perception is very different from the perception of a machine, both successfully but in different ways are fooled by deepfakes. Specifically, algorithms struggle to detect those deepfake videos, which human subjects found to be very easy to spot.      
### 9.Towards Semantic Segmentation of Urban-Scale 3D Point Clouds: A Dataset, Benchmarks and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03137.pdf)
>  An essential prerequisite for unleashing the potential of supervised deep learning algorithms in the area of 3D scene understanding is the availability of large-scale and richly annotated datasets. However, publicly available datasets are either in relative small spatial scales or have limited semantic annotations due to the expensive cost of data acquisition and data annotation, which severely limits the development of fine-grained semantic understanding in the context of 3D point clouds. In this paper, we present an urban-scale photogrammetric point cloud dataset with nearly three billion richly annotated points, which is five times the number of labeled points than the existing largest point cloud dataset. Our dataset consists of large areas from two UK cities, covering about 6 $km^2$ of the city landscape. In the dataset, each 3D point is labeled as one of 13 semantic classes. We extensively evaluate the performance of state-of-the-art algorithms on our dataset and provide a comprehensive analysis of the results. In particular, we identify several key challenges towards urban-scale point cloud understanding. The dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/QingyongHu/SensatUrban" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Interpretable Deep Multimodal Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03118.pdf)
>  Multimodal image super-resolution (SR) is the reconstruction of a high resolution image given a low-resolution observation with the aid of another image modality. While existing deep multimodal models do not incorporate domain knowledge about image SR, we present a multimodal deep network design that integrates coupled sparse priors and allows the effective fusion of information from another modality into the reconstruction process. Our method is inspired by a novel iterative algorithm for coupled convolutional sparse coding, resulting in an interpretable network by design. We apply our model to the super-resolution of near-infrared image guided by RGB images. Experimental results show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 11.Stem-leaf segmentation and phenotypic trait extraction of maize shoots from three-dimensional point cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03108.pdf)
>  Nowadays, there are many approaches to acquire three-dimensional (3D) point clouds of maize plants. However, automatic stem-leaf segmentation of maize shoots from three-dimensional (3D) point clouds remains challenging, especially for new emerging leaves that are very close and wrapped together during the seedling stage. To address this issue, we propose an automatic segmentation method consisting of three main steps: skeleton extraction, coarse segmentation based on the skeleton, fine segmentation based on stem-leaf classification. The segmentation method was tested on 30 maize seedlings and compared with manually obtained ground truth. The mean precision, mean recall, mean micro F1 score and mean over accuracy of our segmentation algorithm were 0.964, 0.966, 0.963 and 0.969. Using the segmentation results, two applications were also developed in this paper, including phenotypic trait extraction and skeleton optimization. Six phenotypic parameters can be accurately and automatically measured, including plant height, crown diameter, stem height and diameter, leaf width and length. Furthermore, the values of R2 for the six phenotypic traits were all above 0.94. The results indicated that the proposed algorithm could automatically and precisely segment not only the fully expanded leaves, but also the new leaves wrapped together and close together. The proposed approach may play an important role in further maize research and applications, such as genotype-to-phenotype study, geometric reconstruction and dynamic growth animation. We released the source code and test data at the web site <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/syau-miao/seg4maize.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 12.Progressive Bilateral-Context Driven Model for Post-Processing Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03098.pdf)
>  Most existing person re-identification methods compute pairwise similarity by extracting robust visual features and learning the discriminative metric. Owing to visual ambiguities, these content-based methods that determine the pairwise relationship only based on the similarity between them, inevitably produce a suboptimal ranking list. Instead, the pairwise similarity can be estimated more accurately along the geodesic path of the underlying data manifold by exploring the rich contextual information of the sample. In this paper, we propose a lightweight post-processing person re-identification method in which the pairwise measure is determined by the relationship between the sample and the counterpart's context in an unsupervised way. We translate the point-to-point comparison into the bilateral point-to-set comparison. The sample's context is composed of its neighbor samples with two different definition ways: the first order context and the second order context, which are used to compute the pairwise similarity in sequence, resulting in a progressive post-processing model. The experiments on four large-scale person re-identification benchmark datasets indicate that (1) the proposed method can consistently achieve higher accuracies by serving as a post-processing procedure after the content-based person re-identification methods, showing its state-of-the-art results, (2) the proposed lightweight method only needs about 6 milliseconds for optimizing the ranking results of one sample, showing its high-efficiency. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/123ci/PBCmodel" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Uncertainty Inspired RGB-D Saliency Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03075.pdf)
>  We propose the first stochastic framework to employ uncertainty for RGB-D saliency detection by learning from the data labeling process. Existing RGB-D saliency detection models treat this task as a point estimation problem by predicting a single saliency map following a deterministic learning pipeline. We argue that, however, the deterministic solution is relatively ill-posed. Inspired by the saliency data labeling process, we propose a generative architecture to achieve probabilistic RGB-D saliency detection which utilizes a latent variable to model the labeling variations. Our framework includes two main models: 1) a generator model, which maps the input image and latent variable to stochastic saliency prediction, and 2) an inference model, which gradually updates the latent variable by sampling it from the true or approximate posterior distribution. The generator model is an encoder-decoder saliency network. To infer the latent variable, we introduce two different solutions: i) a Conditional Variational Auto-encoder with an extra encoder to approximate the posterior distribution of the latent variable; and ii) an Alternating Back-Propagation technique, which directly samples the latent variable from the true posterior distribution. Qualitative and quantitative results on six challenging RGB-D benchmark datasets show our approach's superior performance in learning the distribution of saliency maps. The source code is publicly available via our project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JingZhang617/UCNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.A Light-Weight Object Detection Framework with FPA Module for Optical Remote Sensing Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03063.pdf)
>  With the development of remote sensing technology, the acquisition of remote sensing images is easier and easier, which provides sufficient data resources for the task of detecting remote sensing objects. However, how to detect objects quickly and accurately from many complex optical remote sensing images is a challenging hot issue. In this paper, we propose an efficient anchor free object detector, CenterFPANet. To pursue speed, we use a lightweight backbone and introduce the asymmetric revolution block. To improve the accuracy, we designed the FPA module, which links the feature maps of different levels, and introduces the attention mechanism to dynamically adjust the weights of each level of feature maps, which solves the problem of detection difficulty caused by large size range of remote sensing objects. This strategy can improve the accuracy of remote sensing image object detection without reducing the detection speed. On the DOTA dataset, CenterFPANet mAP is 64.00%, and FPS is 22.2, which is close to the accuracy of the anchor-based methods currently used and much faster than them. Compared with Faster RCNN, mAP is 6.76% lower but 60.87% faster. All in all, CenterFPANet achieves a balance between speed and accuracy in large-scale optical remote sensing object detection.      
### 15.Visual Sentiment Analysis from Disaster Images in Social Media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03051.pdf)
>  The increasing popularity of social networks and users' tendency towards sharing their feelings, expressions, and opinions in text, visual, and audio content, have opened new opportunities and challenges in sentiment analysis. While sentiment analysis of text streams has been widely explored in literature, sentiment analysis from images and videos is relatively new. This article focuses on visual sentiment analysis in a societal important domain, namely disaster analysis in social media. To this aim, we propose a deep visual sentiment analyzer for disaster related images, covering different aspects of visual sentiment analysis starting from data collection, annotation, model selection, implementation, and evaluations. For data annotation, and analyzing peoples' sentiments towards natural disasters and associated images in social media, a crowd-sourcing study has been conducted with a large number of participants worldwide. The crowd-sourcing study resulted in a large-scale benchmark dataset with four different sets of annotations, each aiming a separate task. The presented analysis and the associated dataset will provide a baseline/benchmark for future research in the domain. We believe the proposed system can contribute toward more livable communities by helping different stakeholders, such as news broadcasters, humanitarian organizations, as well as the general public.      
### 16.Real-Time Segmentation of Non-Rigid Surgical Tools based on Deep Learning and Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03016.pdf)
>  Real-time tool segmentation is an essential component in computer-assisted surgical systems. We propose a novel real-time automatic method based on Fully Convolutional Networks (FCN) and optical flow tracking. Our method exploits the ability of deep neural networks to produce accurate segmentations of highly deformable parts along with the high speed of optical flow. Furthermore, the pre-trained FCN can be fine-tuned on a small amount of medical images without the need to hand-craft features. We validated our method using existing and new benchmark datasets, covering both ex vivo and in vivo real clinical cases where different surgical instruments are employed. Two versions of the method are presented, non-real-time and real-time. The former, using only deep learning, achieves a balanced accuracy of 89.6% on a real clinical dataset, outperforming the (non-real-time) state of the art by 3.8% points. The latter, a combination of deep learning with optical flow tracking, yields an average balanced accuracy of 78.2% across all the validated datasets.      
### 17.Light Field View Synthesis via Aperture Flow and Propagation Confidence Map  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02978.pdf)
>  This paper presents a learning-based approach to synthesize the view from an arbitrary camera position given a sparse set of images. A key challenge for this novel view synthesis arises from the reconstruction process, when the views from different input images may not be consistent due to obstruction in the light path. We overcome this by jointly modeling the epipolar property and occlusion in designing a convolutional neural network. We start by defining and computing an aperture flow map, which approximates the parallax and measures the pixel-wise shift between two views. While this relates to free-space rendering and can fail near the object boundaries, we further develop a propagation confidence map to address pixel occlusion in these challenging regions. The proposed method is evaluated on diverse real-world and synthetic light field scenes, and it shows outstanding performance over several state-of-the-art techniques.      
### 18.Stochastic-YOLO: Efficient Probabilistic Object Detection under Dataset Shifts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02967.pdf)
>  In image classification tasks, the evaluation of models' robustness to increased dataset shifts with a probabilistic framework is very well studied. However, Object Detection (OD) tasks pose other challenges for uncertainty estimation and evaluation. For example, one needs to evaluate both the quality of the label uncertainty (i.e., what?) and spatial uncertainty (i.e., where?) for a given bounding box, but that evaluation cannot be performed with more traditional average precision metrics (e.g., mAP). In this paper, we adapt the well-established YOLOv3 architecture to generate uncertainty estimations by introducing stochasticity in the form of Monte Carlo Dropout (MC-Drop), and evaluate it across different levels of dataset shift. We call this novel architecture Stochastic-YOLO, and provide an efficient implementation to effectively reduce the burden of the MC-Drop sampling mechanism at inference time. Finally, we provide some sensitivity analyses, while arguing that Stochastic-YOLO is a sound approach that improves different components of uncertainty estimations, in particular spatial uncertainties.      
### 19.DV-ConvNet: Fully Convolutional Deep Learning on Point Clouds with Dynamic Voxelization and 3D Group Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02918.pdf)
>  3D point cloud interpretation is a challenging task due to the randomness and sparsity of the component points. Many of the recently proposed methods like PointNet and PointCNN have been focusing on learning shape descriptions from point coordinates as point-wise input features, which usually involves complicated network architectures. In this work, we draw attention back to the standard 3D convolutions towards an efficient 3D point cloud interpretation. Instead of converting the entire point cloud into voxel representations like the other volumetric methods, we voxelize the sub-portions of the point cloud only at necessary locations within each convolution layer on-the-fly, using our dynamic voxelization operation with self-adaptive voxelization resolution. In addition, we incorporate 3D group convolution into our dense convolution kernel implementation to further exploit the rotation invariant features of point cloud. Benefiting from its simple fully-convolutional architecture, our network is able to run and converge at a considerably fast speed, while yields on-par or even better performance compared with the state-of-the-art methods on several benchmark datasets.      
### 20.Quantifying Explainability of Saliency Methods in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02899.pdf)
>  One way to achieve eXplainable artificial intelligence (XAI) is through the use of post-hoc analysis methods. In particular, methods that generate heatmaps have been used to explain black-box models, such as deep neural network. In some cases, heatmaps are appealing due to the intuitive and visual ways to understand them. However, quantitative analysis that demonstrates the actual potential of heatmaps have been lacking, and comparison between different methods are not standardized as well. In this paper, we introduce a synthetic data that can be generated adhoc along with the ground-truth heatmaps for better quantitative assessment. Each sample data is an image of a cell with easily distinguishable features, facilitating a more transparent assessment of different XAI methods. Comparison and recommendations are made, shortcomings are clarified along with suggestions for future research directions to handle the finer details of select post-hoc analysis methods.      
### 21.Benchmarking off-the-shelf statistical shape modeling tools in clinical applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02878.pdf)
>  Statistical shape modeling (SSM) is widely used in biology and medicine as a new generation of morphometric approaches for the quantitative analysis of anatomical shapes. Technological advancements of in vivo imaging have led to the development of open-source computational tools that automate the modeling of anatomical shapes and their population-level variability. However, little work has been done on the evaluation and validation of such tools in clinical applications that rely on morphometric quantifications (e.g., implant design and lesion screening). Here, we systematically assess the outcome of widely used, state-of-the-art SSM tools, namely ShapeWorks, Deformetrica, and SPHARM-PDM. We use both quantitative and qualitative metrics to evaluate shape models from different tools. We propose validation frameworks for anatomical landmark/measurement inference and lesion screening. We also present a lesion screening method to objectively characterize subtle abnormal shape changes with respect to learned population-level statistics of controls. Results demonstrate that SSM tools display different levels of consistencies, where ShapeWorks and Deformetrica models are more consistent compared to models from SPHARM-PDM due to the groupwise approach of estimating surface correspondences. Furthermore, ShapeWorks and Deformetrica shape models are found to capture clinically relevant population-level variability compared to SPHARM-PDM models.      
### 22.Frontier Detection and Reachability Analysis for Efficient 2D Graph-SLAM Based Active Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02869.pdf)
>  We propose an integrated approach to active exploration by exploiting the Cartographer method as the base SLAM module for submap creation and performing efficient frontier detection in the geometrically co-aligned submaps induced by graph optimization. We also carry out analysis on the reachability of frontiers and their clusters to ensure that the detected frontier can be reached by robot. Our method is tested on a mobile robot in real indoor scene to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our approach.      
### 23.Channel-wise Alignment for Adaptive Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02862.pdf)
>  Generic object detection has been immensely promoted by the development of deep convolutional neural networks in the past decade. However, in the domain shift circumstance, the changes in weather, illumination, etc., often cause domain gap, and thus performance drops substantially when detecting objects from one domain to another. Existing methods on this task usually draw attention on the high-level alignment based on the whole image or object of interest, which naturally, cannot fully utilize the fine-grained channel information. In this paper, we realize adaptation from a thoroughly different perspective, i.e., channel-wise alignment. Motivated by the finding that each channel focuses on a specific pattern (e.g., on special semantic regions, such as car), we aim to align the distribution of source and target domain on the channel level, which is finer for integration between discrepant domains. Our method mainly consists of self channel-wise and cross channel-wise alignment. These two parts explore the inner-relation and cross-relation of attention regions implicitly from the view of channels. Further more, we also propose a RPN domain classifier module to obtain a domain-invariant RPN network. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method performs notably better than existing methods with about 5% improvement under various domain-shift settings. Experiments on different task (e.g. instance segmentation) also demonstrate its good scalability.      
### 24.3D Room Layout Estimation Beyond the Manhattan World Assumption  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02857.pdf)
>  Predicting 3D room layout from single image is a challenging task with many applications. In this paper, we propose a new training and post-processing method for 3D room layout estimation, built on a recent state-of-the-art 3D room layout estimation model. Experimental results show our method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin in predicting visible room layout. Our method has obtained the 3rd place in 2020 Holistic Scene Structures for 3D Vision Workshop.      
### 25.Unsupervised Wasserstein Distance Guided Domain Adaptation for 3D Multi-Domain Liver Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02831.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have shown exceptional learning capability and generalizability in the source domain when massive labeled data is provided. However, the well-trained models often fail in the target domain due to the domain shift. Unsupervised domain adaptation aims to improve network performance when applying robust models trained on medical images from source domains to a new target domain. In this work, we present an approach based on the Wasserstein distance guided disentangled representation to achieve 3D multi-domain liver segmentation. Concretely, we embed images onto a shared content space capturing shared feature-level information across domains and domain-specific appearance spaces. The existing mutual information-based representation learning approaches often fail to capture complete representations in multi-domain medical imaging tasks. To mitigate these issues, we utilize Wasserstein distance to learn more complete representation, and introduces a content discriminator to further facilitate the representation disentanglement. Experiments demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art on the multi-modality liver segmentation task.      
### 26.MFL_COVID19: Quantifying Country-based Factors affecting Case Fatality Rate in Early Phase of COVID-19 Epidemic via Regularised Multi-task Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02827.pdf)
>  Recent outbreak of COVID-19 has led a rapid global spread around the world. Many countries have implemented timely intensive suppression to minimize the infections, but resulted in high case fatality rate (CFR) due to critical demand of health resources. Other country-based factors such as sociocultural issues, ageing population etc., has also influenced practical effectiveness of taking interventions to improve morality in early phase. To better understand the relationship of these factors across different countries with COVID-19 CFR is of primary importance to prepare for potentially second wave of COVID-19 infections. In the paper, we propose a novel regularized multi-task learning based factor analysis approach for quantifying country-based factors affecting CFR in early phase of COVID-19 epidemic. We formulate the prediction of CFR progression as a ML regression problem with observed CFR and other countries-based factors. In this formulation, all CFR related factors were categorized into 6 sectors with 27 indicators. We proposed a hybrid feature selection method combining filter, wrapper and tree-based models to calibrate initial factors for a preliminary feature interaction. Then we adopted two typical single task model (Ridge and Lasso regression) and one state-of-the-art MTFL method (fused sparse group lasso) in our formulation. The fused sparse group Lasso (FSGL) method allows the simultaneous selection of a common set of country-based factors for multiple time points of COVID-19 epidemic and also enables incorporating temporal smoothness of each factor over the whole early phase period. Finally, we proposed one novel temporal voting feature selection scheme to balance the weight instability of multiple factors in our MTFL model.      
### 27.TRANSPR: Transparency Ray-Accumulating Neural 3D Scene Point Renderer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02819.pdf)
>  We propose and evaluate a neural point-based graphics method that can model semi-transparent scene parts. Similarly to its predecessor pipeline, ours uses point clouds to model proxy geometry, and augments each point with a neural descriptor. Additionally, a learnable transparency value is introduced in our approach for each point. <br>Our neural rendering procedure consists of two steps. Firstly, the point cloud is rasterized using ray grouping into a multi-channel image. This is followed by the neural rendering step that "translates" the rasterized image into an RGB output using a learnable convolutional network. New scenes can be modeled using gradient-based optimization of neural descriptors and of the rendering network. <br>We show that novel views of semi-transparent point cloud scenes can be generated after training with our approach. Our experiments demonstrate the benefit of introducing semi-transparency into the neural point-based modeling for a range of scenes with semi-transparent parts.      
### 28.Deep Longitudinal Modeling of Infant Cortical Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02797.pdf)
>  Charting cortical growth trajectories is of paramount importance for understanding brain development. However, such analysis necessitates the collection of longitudinal data, which can be challenging due to subject dropouts and failed scans. In this paper, we will introduce a method for longitudinal prediction of cortical surfaces using a spatial graph convolutional neural network (GCNN), which extends conventional CNNs from Euclidean to curved manifolds. The proposed method is designed to model the cortical growth trajectories and jointly predict inner and outer cortical surfaces at multiple time points. Adopting a binary flag in loss calculation to deal with missing data, we fully utilize all available cortical surfaces for training our deep learning model, without requiring a complete collection of longitudinal data. Predicting the surfaces directly allows cortical attributes such as cortical thickness, curvature, and convexity to be computed for subsequent analysis. We will demonstrate with experimental results that our method is capable of capturing the nonlinearity of spatiotemporal cortical growth patterns and can predict cortical surfaces with improved accuracy.      
### 29.DeePSD: Automatic Deep Skinning And Pose Space Deformation For 3D Garment Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02715.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to the garment animation problem through deep learning. Previous approaches propose learning a single model for one or few garment types, or alternatively, extend a human body model to represent multiple garment types. These works are not able to generalize to arbitrarily complex outfits we commonly find in real life. Our proposed methodology is able to work with any topology, complexity and multiple layers of cloth. Because of this, it is also able to generalize to completely unseen outfits with complex details. We design our model such that it can be efficiently deployed on portable devices and achieve real-time performance. Finally, we present an approach for unsupervised learning.      
### 30.Efficient Pedestrian Detection in Top-View Fisheye Images Using Compositions of Perspective View Patches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02711.pdf)
>  Pedestrian detection in images is a topic that has been studied extensively, but existing detectors designed for perspective images do not perform as successfully on images taken with top-view fisheye cameras, mainly due to the orientation variation of people in such images. In our proposed approach, several perspective views are generated from a fisheye image and then concatenated to form a composite image. As pedestrians in this composite image are more likely to be upright, existing detectors designed and trained for perspective images can be applied directly without additional training. We also describe a new method of mapping detection bounding boxes from the perspective views to the fisheye frame. The detection performance on several public datasets compare favorably with state-of-the-art results.      
### 31.Approaches, Challenges, and Applications for Deep Visual Odometry: Toward to Complicated and Emerging Areas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02672.pdf)
>  Visual odometry (VO) is a prevalent way to deal with the relative localization problem, which is becoming increasingly mature and accurate, but it tends to be fragile under challenging environments. Comparing with classical geometry-based methods, deep learning-based methods can automatically learn effective and robust representations, such as depth, optical flow, feature, ego-motion, etc., from data without explicit computation. Nevertheless, there still lacks a thorough review of the recent advances of deep learning-based VO (Deep VO). Therefore, this paper aims to gain a deep insight on how deep learning can profit and optimize the VO systems. We first screen out a number of qualifications including accuracy, efficiency, scalability, dynamicity, practicability, and extensibility, and employ them as the criteria. Then, using the offered criteria as the uniform measurements, we detailedly evaluate and discuss how deep learning improves the performance of VO from the aspects of depth estimation, feature extraction and matching, pose estimation. We also summarize the complicated and emerging areas of Deep VO, such as mobile robots, medical robots, augmented reality and virtual reality, etc. Through the literature decomposition, analysis, and comparison, we finally put forward a number of open issues and raise some future research directions in this field.      
### 32.A Genetic Feature Selection Based Two-stream Neural Network for Anger Veracity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02650.pdf)
>  People can manipulate emotion expressions when interacting with others. For example, acted anger can be expressed when stimuli is not genuinely angry with an aim to manipulate the observer. In this paper, we aim to examine if the veracity of anger can be recognized with observers' pupillary data with computational approaches. We use Genetic-based Feature Selection (GFS) methods to select time-series pupillary features of of observers who observe acted and genuine anger of the video stimuli. We then use the selected features to train a simple fully connected neural work and a two-stream neural network. Our results show that the two-stream architecture is able to achieve a promising recognition result with an accuracy of 93.58% when the pupillary responses from both eyes are available. It also shows that genetic algorithm based feature selection method can effectively improve the classification accuracy by 3.07%. We hope our work could help daily research such as human machine interaction and psychology studies that require emotion recognition .      
### 33.Deep Sparse Light Field Refocusing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02582.pdf)
>  Light field photography enables to record 4D images, containing angular information alongside spatial information of the scene. One of the important applications of light field imaging is post-capture refocusing. Current methods require for this purpose a dense field of angle views; those can be acquired with a micro-lens system or with a compressive system. Both techniques have major drawbacks to consider, including bulky structures and angular-spatial resolution trade-off. We present a novel implementation of digital refocusing based on sparse angular information using neural networks. This allows recording high spatial resolution in favor of the angular resolution, thus, enabling to design compact and simple devices with improved hardware as well as better performance of compressive systems. We use a novel convolutional neural network whose relatively small structure enables fast reconstruction with low memory consumption. Moreover, it allows handling without re-training various refocusing ranges and noise levels. Results show major improvement compared to existing methods.      
### 34.Learning from Multiple Datasets with Heterogeneous and Partial Labels for Universal Lesion Detection in CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02577.pdf)
>  Large-scale datasets with high-quality labels are desired for training accurate deep learning models. However, due to annotation costs, medical imaging datasets are often either partially-labeled or small. For example, DeepLesion is a large-scale CT image dataset with lesions of various types, but it also has many unlabeled lesions (missing annotations). When training a lesion detector on a partially-labeled dataset, the missing annotations will generate incorrect negative signals and degrade performance. Besides DeepLesion, there are several small single-type datasets, such as LUNA for lung nodules and LiTS for liver tumors. Such datasets have heterogeneous label scopes, i.e., different lesion types are labeled in different datasets with other types ignored. In this work, we aim to tackle the problem of heterogeneous and partial labels, and develop a universal lesion detection algorithm to detect a comprehensive variety of lesions. First, we build a simple yet effective lesion detection framework named Lesion ENSemble (LENS). LENS can efficiently learn from multiple heterogeneous lesion datasets in a multi-task fashion and leverage their synergy by feature sharing and proposal fusion. Next, we propose strategies to mine missing annotations from partially-labeled datasets by exploiting clinical prior knowledge and cross-dataset knowledge transfer. Finally, we train our framework on four public lesion datasets and evaluate it on 800 manually-labeled sub-volumes in DeepLesion. On this challenging task, our method brings a relative improvement of 49% compared to the current state-of-the-art approach.      
### 35.Multimodal Memorability: Modeling Effects of Semantics and Decay on Video Memorability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02568.pdf)
>  A key capability of an intelligent system is deciding when events from past experience must be remembered and when they can be forgotten. Towards this goal, we develop a predictive model of human visual event memory and how those memories decay over time. We introduce Memento10k, a new, dynamic video memorability dataset containing human annotations at different viewing delays. Based on our findings we propose a new mathematical formulation of memorability decay, resulting in a model that is able to produce the first quantitative estimation of how a video decays in memory over time. In contrast with previous work, our model can predict the probability that a video will be remembered at an arbitrary delay. Importantly, our approach combines visual and semantic information (in the form of textual captions) to fully represent the meaning of events. Our experiments on two video memorability benchmarks, including Memento10k, show that our model significantly improves upon the best prior approach (by 12% on average).      
### 36.An Efficient Technique for Image Captioning using Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02565.pdf)
>  With the huge expansion of internet and trillions of gigabytes of data generated every single day, the needs for the development of various tools has become mandatory in order to maintain system adaptability to rapid changes. One of these tools is known as Image Captioning. Every entity in internet must be properly identified and managed and therefore in the case of image data, automatic captioning for identification is required. Similarly, content generation for missing labels, image classification and artificial languages all requires the process of Image Captioning. This paper discusses an efficient and unique way to perform automatic image captioning on individual image and discusses strategies to improve its performances and functionalities.      
### 37.Visual Object Tracking by Segmentation with Graph Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02523.pdf)
>  Segmentation-based tracking has been actively studied in computer vision and multimedia. Superpixel based object segmentation and tracking methods are usually developed for this task. However, they independently perform feature representation and learning of superpixels which may lead to sub-optimal results. In this paper, we propose to utilize graph convolutional network (GCN) model for superpixel based object tracking. The proposed model provides a general end-to-end framework which integrates i) label linear prediction, and ii) structure-aware feature information of each superpixel together to obtain object segmentation and further improves the performance of tracking. The main benefits of the proposed GCN method have two main aspects. First, it provides an effective end-to-end way to exploit both spatial and temporal consistency constraint for target object segmentation. Second, it utilizes a mixed graph convolution module to learn a context-aware and discriminative feature for superpixel representation and labeling. An effective algorithm has been developed to optimize the proposed model. Extensive experiments on five datasets demonstrate that our method obtains better performance against existing alternative methods.      
### 38.Generalization on the Enhancement of Layerwise Relevance Interpretability of Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02516.pdf)
>  The practical application of deep neural networks are still limited by their lack of transparency. One of the efforts to provide explanation for decisions made by artificial intelligence (AI) is the use of saliency or heat maps highlighting relevant regions that contribute significantly to its prediction. A layer-wise amplitude filtering method was previously introduced to improve the quality of heatmaps, performing error corrections by noise-spike suppression. In this study, we generalize the layerwise error correction by considering any identifiable error and assuming there exists a groundtruth interpretable information. The forms of errors propagated through layerwise relevance methods are studied and we propose a filtering technique for interpretability signal rectification taylored to the trend of signal amplitude of the particular neural network used. Finally, we put forth arguments for the use of groundtruth interpretable information.      
### 39.Reverse-engineering Bar Charts Using Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02491.pdf)
>  Reverse-engineering bar charts extracts textual and numeric information from the visual representations of bar charts to support application scenarios that require the underlying information. In this paper, we propose a neural network-based method for reverse-engineering bar charts. We adopt a neural network-based object detection model to simultaneously localize and classify textual information. This approach improves the efficiency of textual information extraction. We design an encoder-decoder framework that integrates convolutional and recurrent neural networks to extract numeric information. We further introduce an attention mechanism into the framework to achieve high accuracy and robustness. Synthetic and real-world datasets are used to evaluate the effectiveness of the method. To the best of our knowledge, this work takes the lead in constructing a complete neural network-based method of reverse-engineering bar charts.      
### 40.Dual Manifold Adversarial Robustness: Defense against Lp and non-Lp Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02470.pdf)
>  Adversarial training is a popular defense strategy against attack threat models with bounded Lp norms. However, it often degrades the model performance on normal images and the defense does not generalize well to novel attacks. Given the success of deep generative models such as GANs and VAEs in characterizing the underlying manifold of images, we investigate whether or not the aforementioned problems can be remedied by exploiting the underlying manifold information. To this end, we construct an "On-Manifold ImageNet" (OM-ImageNet) dataset by projecting the ImageNet samples onto the manifold learned by StyleGSN. For this dataset, the underlying manifold information is exact. Using OM-ImageNet, we first show that adversarial training in the latent space of images improves both standard accuracy and robustness to on-manifold attacks. However, since no out-of-manifold perturbations are realized, the defense can be broken by Lp adversarial attacks. We further propose Dual Manifold Adversarial Training (DMAT) where adversarial perturbations in both latent and image spaces are used in robustifying the model. Our DMAT improves performance on normal images, and achieves comparable robustness to the standard adversarial training against Lp attacks. In addition, we observe that models defended by DMAT achieve improved robustness against novel attacks which manipulate images by global color shifts or various types of image filtering. Interestingly, similar improvements are also achieved when the defended models are tested on out-of-manifold natural images. These results demonstrate the potential benefits of using manifold information in enhancing robustness of deep learning models against various types of novel adversarial attacks.      
### 41.User-Guided Domain Adaptation for Rapid Annotation from User Interactions: A Study on Pathological Liver Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02455.pdf)
>  Mask-based annotation of medical images, especially for 3D data, is a bottleneck in developing reliable machine learning models. Using minimal-labor user interactions (UIs) to guide the annotation is promising, but challenges remain on best harmonizing the mask prediction with the UIs. To address this, we propose the user-guided domain adaptation (UGDA) framework, which uses prediction-based adversarial domain adaptation (PADA) to model the combined distribution of UIs and mask predictions. The UIs are then used as anchors to guide and align the mask prediction. Importantly, UGDA can both learn from unlabelled data and also model the high-level semantic meaning behind different UIs. We test UGDA on annotating pathological livers using a clinically comprehensive dataset of 927 patient studies. Using only extreme-point UIs, we achieve a mean (worst-case) performance of 96.1%(94.9%), compared to 93.0% (87.0%) for deep extreme points (DEXTR). Furthermore, we also show UGDA can retain this state-of-the-art performance even when only seeing a fraction of available UIs, demonstrating an ability for robust and reliable UI-guided segmentation with extremely minimal labor demands.      
### 42.GazeMAE: General Representations of Eye Movements using a Micro-Macro Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02437.pdf)
>  Eye movements are intricate and dynamic events that contain a wealth of information about the subject and the stimuli. We propose an abstract representation of eye movements that preserve the important nuances in gaze behavior while being stimuli-agnostic. We consider eye movements as raw position and velocity signals and train separate deep temporal convolutional autoencoders. The autoencoders learn micro-scale and macro-scale representations that correspond to the fast and slow features of eye movements. We evaluate the joint representations with a linear classifier fitted on various classification tasks. Our work accurately discriminates between gender and age groups, and outperforms previous works on biometrics and stimuli clasification. Further experiments highlight the validity and generalizability of this method, bringing eye tracking research closer to real-world applications.      
### 43.Player Identification in Hockey Broadcast Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02429.pdf)
>  We present a deep recurrent convolutional neural network (CNN) approach to solve the problem of hockey player identification in NHL broadcast videos. Player identification is a difficult computer vision problem mainly because of the players' similar appearance, occlusion, and blurry facial and physical features. However, we can observe players' jersey numbers over time by processing variable length image sequences of players (aka 'tracklets'). We propose an end-to-end trainable ResNet+LSTM network, with a residual network (ResNet) base and a long short-term memory (LSTM) layer, to discover spatio-temporal features of jersey numbers over time and learn long-term dependencies. For this work, we created a new hockey player tracklet dataset that contains sequences of hockey player bounding boxes. Additionally, we employ a secondary 1-dimensional convolutional neural network classifier as a late score-level fusion method to classify the output of the ResNet+LSTM network. This achieves an overall player identification accuracy score over 87% on the test split of our new dataset.      
### 44.Explanation of Unintended Radiated Emission Classification via LIME  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02418.pdf)
>  Unintended radiated emissions arise during the use of electronic devices. Identifying and mitigating the effects of these emissions is a key element of modern power engineering and associated control systems. Signal processing of the electrical system can identify the sources of these emissions. A dataset known as Flaming Moes includes captured unintended radiated emissions from consumer electronics. This dataset was analyzed to construct next-generation methods for device identification. To this end, a neural network based on applying the ResNet-18 image classification architecture to the short time Fourier transforms of short segments of voltage signatures was constructed. Using this classifier, the 18 device classes and background class were identified with close to 100 percent accuracy. By applying LIME to this classifier and aggregating the results over many classifications for the same device, it was possible to determine the frequency bands used by the classifier to make decisions. Using ensembles of classifiers trained on very similar datasets from the same parent data distribution, it was possible to recover robust sets of features of device output useful for identification. The additional understanding provided by the application of LIME enhances the trainability, trustability, and transferability of URE analysis networks.      
### 45.Video Moment Retrieval via Natural Language Queries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02406.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel method for video moment retrieval (VMR) that achieves state of the arts (SOTA) performance on R@1 metrics and surpassing the SOTA on the high IoU metric (R@1, IoU=0.7). <br>First, we propose to use a multi-head self-attention mechanism, and further a cross-attention scheme to capture video/query interaction and long-range query dependencies from video context. The attention-based methods can develop frame-to-query interaction and query-to-frame interaction at arbitrary positions and the multi-head setting ensures the sufficient understanding of complicated dependencies. Our model has a simple architecture, which enables faster training and inference while maintaining . <br>Second, We also propose to use multiple task training objective consists of moment segmentation task, start/end distribution prediction and start/end location regression task. We have verified that start/end prediction are noisy due to annotator disagreement and joint training with moment segmentation task can provide richer information since frames inside the target clip are also utilized as positive training examples. <br>Third, we propose to use an early fusion approach, which achieves better performance at the cost of inference time. However, the inference time will not be a problem for our model since our model has a simple architecture which enables efficient training and inference.      
### 46.A Deep Learning Approach to Tongue Detection for Pediatric Population  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02397.pdf)
>  Children with severe disabilities and complex communication needs face limitations in the usage of access technology (AT) devices. Conventional ATs (e.g., mechanical switches) can be insufficient for nonverbal children and those with limited voluntary motion control. Automatic techniques for the detection of tongue gestures represent a promising pathway. Previous studies have shown the robustness of tongue detection algorithms on adult participants, but further research is needed to use these methods with children. In this study, a network architecture for tongue-out gesture recognition was implemented and evaluated on videos recorded in a naturalistic setting when children were playing a video-game. A cascade object detector algorithm was used to detect the participants' faces, and an automated classification scheme for tongue gesture detection was developed using a convolutional neural network (CNN). In evaluation experiments conducted, the network was trained using adults and children's images. The network classification accuracy was evaluated using leave-one-subject-out cross-validation. Preliminary classification results obtained from the analysis of videos of five typically developing children showed an accuracy of up to 99% in predicting tongue-out gestures. Moreover, we demonstrated that using only children data for training the classifier yielded better performance than adult's one supporting the need for pediatric tongue gesture datasets.      
### 47.Class Interference Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02396.pdf)
>  Contrastive losses yield state-of-the-art performance for person re-identification, face verification and few shot learning. They have recently outperformed the cross-entropy loss on classification at the ImageNet scale and outperformed all self-supervision prior results by a large margin (SimCLR). Simple and effective regularization techniques such as label smoothing and self-distillation do not apply anymore, because they act on multinomial label distributions, adopted in cross-entropy losses, and not on tuple comparative terms, which characterize the contrastive losses. <br>Here we propose a novel, simple and effective regularization technique, the Class Interference Regularization (CIR), which applies to cross-entropy losses but is especially effective on contrastive losses. CIR perturbs the output features by randomly moving them towards the average embeddings of the negative classes. To the best of our knowledge, CIR is the first regularization technique to act on the output features. <br>In experimental evaluation, the combination of CIR and a plain Siamese-net with triplet loss yields best few-shot learning performance on the challenging tieredImageNet. CIR also improves the state-of-the-art technique in person re-identification on the Market-1501 dataset, based on triplet loss, and the state-of-the-art technique in person search on the CUHK-SYSU dataset, based on a cross-entropy loss. Finally, on the task of classification CIR performs on par with the popular label smoothing, as demonstrated for CIFAR-10 and -100.      
### 48.ACDC: Weight Sharing in Atom-Coefficient Decomposed Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02386.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are known to be significantly over-parametrized, and difficult to interpret, train and adapt. In this paper, we introduce a structural regularization across convolutional kernels in a CNN. In our approach, each convolution kernel is first decomposed as 2D dictionary atoms linearly combined by coefficients. The widely observed correlation and redundancy in a CNN hint a common low-rank structure among the decomposed coefficients, which is here further supported by our empirical observations. We then explicitly regularize CNN kernels by enforcing decomposed coefficients to be shared across sub-structures, while leaving each sub-structure only its own dictionary atoms, a few hundreds of parameters typically, which leads to dramatic model reductions. We explore models with sharing across different sub-structures to cover a wide range of trade-offs between parameter reduction and expressiveness. Our proposed regularized network structures open the door to better interpreting, training and adapting deep models. We validate the flexibility and compatibility of our method by image classification experiments on multiple datasets and underlying network structures, and show that CNNs now maintain performance with dramatic reduction in parameters and computations, e.g., only 5\% parameters are used in a ResNet-18 to achieve comparable performance. Further experiments on few-shot classification show that faster and more robust task adaptation is obtained in comparison with models with standard convolutions.      
### 49.Don't miss the Mismatch: Investigating the Objective Function Mismatch for Unsupervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02383.pdf)
>  Finding general evaluation metrics for unsupervised representation learning techniques is a challenging open research question, which recently has become more and more necessary due to the increasing interest in unsupervised methods. Even though these methods promise beneficial representation characteristics, most approaches currently suffer from the objective function mismatch. This mismatch states that the performance on a desired target task can decrease when the unsupervised pretext task is learned too long - especially when both tasks are ill-posed. In this work, we build upon the widely used linear evaluation protocol and define new general evaluation metrics to quantitatively capture the objective function mismatch and the more generic metrics mismatch. We discuss the usability and stability of our protocols on a variety of pretext and target tasks and study mismatches in a wide range of experiments. Thereby we disclose dependencies of the objective function mismatch across several pretext and target tasks with respect to the pretext model's representation size, target model complexity, pretext and target augmentations as well as pretext and target task types.      
### 50.End-to-End Deep Learning Model for Cardiac Cycle Synchronization from Multi-View Angiographic Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02345.pdf)
>  Dynamic reconstructions (3D+T) of coronary arteries could give important perfusion details to clinicians. Temporal matching of the different views, which may not be acquired simultaneously, is a prerequisite for an accurate stereo-matching of the coronary segments. In this paper, we show how a neural network can be trained from angiographic sequences to synchronize different views during the cardiac cycle using raw x-ray angiography videos exclusively. First, we train a neural network model with angiographic sequences to extract features describing the progression of the cardiac cycle. Then, we compute the distance between the feature vectors of every frame from the first view with those from the second view to generate distance maps that display stripe patterns. Using pathfinding, we extract the best temporally coherent associations between each frame of both videos. Finally, we compare the synchronized frames of an evaluation set with the ECG signals to show an alignment with 96.04% accuracy.      
### 51.Implicit Multidimensional Projection of Local Subspaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03259.pdf)
>  We propose a visualization method to understand the effect of multidimensional projection on local subspaces, using implicit function differentiation. Here, we understand the local subspace as the multidimensional local neighborhood of data points. Existing methods focus on the projection of multidimensional data points, and the neighborhood information is ignored. Our method is able to analyze the shape and directional information of the local subspace to gain more insights into the global structure of the data through the perception of local structures. Local subspaces are fitted by multidimensional ellipses that are spanned by basis vectors. An accurate and efficient vector transformation method is proposed based on analytical differentiation of multidimensional projections formulated as implicit functions. The results are visualized as glyphs and analyzed using a full set of specifically-designed interactions supported in our efficient web-based visualization tool. The usefulness of our method is demonstrated using various multi- and high-dimensional benchmark datasets. Our implicit differentiation vector transformation is evaluated through numerical comparisons; the overall method is evaluated through exploration examples and use cases.      
### 52.A New Screening Method for COVID-19 based on Ocular Feature Recognition by Machine Learning Tools  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03184.pdf)
>  The Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has affected several million people. With the outbreak of the epidemic, many researchers are devoting themselves to the COVID-19 screening system. The standard practices for rapid risk screening of COVID-19 are the CT imaging or RT-PCR (real-time polymerase chain reaction). However, these methods demand professional efforts of the acquisition of CT images and saliva samples, a certain amount of waiting time, and most importantly prohibitive examination fee in some countries. Recently, some literatures have shown that the COVID-19 patients usually accompanied by ocular manifestations consistent with the conjunctivitis, including conjunctival hyperemia, chemosis, epiphora, or increased secretions. After more than four months study, we found that the confirmed cases of COVID-19 present the consistent ocular pathological symbols; and we propose a new screening method of analyzing the eye-region images, captured by common CCD and CMOS cameras, could reliably make a rapid risk screening of COVID-19 with very high accuracy. We believe a system implementing such an algorithm should assist the triage management or the clinical diagnosis. To further evaluate our algorithm and approved by the Ethics Committee of Shanghai public health clinic center of Fudan University, we conduct a study of analyzing the eye-region images of 303 patients (104 COVID-19, 131 pulmonary, and 68 ocular patients), as well as 136 healthy people. Remarkably, our results of COVID-19 patients in testing set consistently present similar ocular pathological symbols; and very high testing results have been achieved in terms of sensitivity and specificity. We hope this study can be inspiring and helpful for encouraging more researches in this topic.      
### 53.Localization and classification of intracranialhemorrhages in CT data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03046.pdf)
>  Intracranial hemorrhages (ICHs) are life-threatening brain injures with a relatively high incidence. In this paper, the automatic algorithm for the detection and classification of ICHs, including localization, is present. The set of binary convolutional neural network-based classifiers with a designed cascade-parallel architecture is used. This automatic system may lead to a distinct decrease in the diagnostic process's duration in acute cases. An average Jaccard coefficient of 53.7 % is achieved on the data from the publicly available head CT dataset CQ500.      
### 54.Towards learned optimal q-space sampling in diffusion MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03008.pdf)
>  Fiber tractography is an important tool of computational neuroscience that enables reconstructing the spatial connectivity and organization of white matter of the brain. Fiber tractography takes advantage of diffusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging (dMRI) which allows measuring the apparent diffusivity of cerebral water along different spatial directions. Unfortunately, collecting such data comes at the price of reduced spatial resolution and substantially elevated acquisition times, which limits the clinical applicability of dMRI. This problem has been thus far addressed using two principal strategies. Most of the efforts have been extended towards improving the quality of signal estimation for any, yet fixed sampling scheme (defined through the choice of diffusion-encoding gradients). On the other hand, optimization over the sampling scheme has also proven to be effective. Inspired by the previous results, the present work consolidates the above strategies into a unified estimation framework, in which the optimization is carried out with respect to both estimation model and sampling design {\it concurrently}. The proposed solution offers substantial improvements in the quality of signal estimation as well as the accuracy of ensuing analysis by means of fiber tractography. While proving the optimality of the learned estimation models would probably need more extensive evaluation, we nevertheless claim that the learned sampling schemes can be of immediate use, offering a way to improve the dMRI analysis without the necessity of deploying the neural network used for their estimation. We present a comprehensive comparative analysis based on the Human Connectome Project data. Code and learned sampling designs aviliable at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tomer196/Learned_dMRI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.The 2ST-UNet for Pneumothorax Segmentation in Chest X-Rays using ResNet34 as a Backbone for U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02805.pdf)
>  Pneumothorax, also called a collapsed lung, refers to the presence of the air in the pleural space between the lung and chest wall. It can be small (no need for treatment), or large and causes death if it is not identified and treated on time. It is easily seen and identified by experts using a chest X-ray. Although this method is mostly error-free, it is time-consuming and needs expert radiologists. Recently, Computer Vision has been providing great assistance in detecting and segmenting pneumothorax. In this paper, we propose a 2-Stage Training system (2ST-UNet) to segment images with pneumothorax. This system is built based on U-Net with Residual Networks (ResNet-34) backbone that is pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset. We start with training the network at a lower resolution before we load the trained model weights to retrain the network with a higher resolution. Moreover, we utilize different techniques including Stochastic Weight Averaging (SWA), data augmentation, and Test-Time Augmentation (TTA). We use the chest X-ray dataset that is provided by the 2019 SIIM-ACR Pneumothorax Segmentation Challenge, which contains 12,047 training images and 3,205 testing images. Our experiments show that 2-Stage Training leads to better and faster network convergence. Our method achieves 0.8356 mean Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) placing it among the top 9% of models with a rank of 124 out of 1,475.      
### 56.Perfusion Imaging: A Data Assimilation Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02796.pdf)
>  Perfusion imaging (PI) is clinically used to assess strokes and brain tumors. Commonly used PI approaches based on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or computed tomography (CT) measure the effect of a contrast agent moving through blood vessels and into tissue. Contrast-agent free approaches, for example, based on intravoxel incoherent motion, also exist, but are so far not routinely used clinically. These methods rely on estimating on the arterial input function (AIF) to approximately model tissue perfusion, neglecting spatial dependencies, and reliably estimating the AIF is also non-trivial, leading to difficulties with standardizing perfusion measures. In this work we therefore propose a data-assimilation approach (PIANO) which estimates the velocity and diffusion fields of an advection-diffusion model that best explains the contrast dynamics. PIANO accounts for spatial dependencies and neither requires estimating the AIF nor relies on a particular contrast agent bolus shape. Specifically, we propose a convenient parameterization of the estimation problem, a numerical estimation approach, and extensively evaluate PIANO. We demonstrate that PIANO can successfully resolve velocity and diffusion field ambiguities and results in sensitive measures for the assessment of stroke, comparing favorably to conventional measures of perfusion.      
### 57.Edge-variational Graph Convolutional Networks for Uncertainty-aware Disease Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02759.pdf)
>  There is a rising need for computational models that can complementarily leverage data of different modalities while investigating associations between subjects for population-based disease analysis. Despite the success of convolutional neural networks in representation learning for imaging data, it is still a very challenging task. In this paper, we propose a generalizable framework that can automatically integrate imaging data with non-imaging data in populations for uncertainty-aware disease prediction. At its core is a learnable adaptive population graph with variational edges, which we mathematically prove that it is optimizable in conjunction with graph convolutional neural networks. To estimate the predictive uncertainty related to the graph topology, we propose the novel concept of Monte-Carlo edge dropout. Experimental results on four databases show that our method can consistently and significantly improve the diagnostic accuracy for Autism spectrum disorder, Alzheimer's disease, and ocular diseases, indicating its generalizability in leveraging multimodal data for computer-aided diagnosis.      
### 58.Deep Learning for Automatic Spleen Length Measurement in Sickle Cell Disease Patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02704.pdf)
>  Sickle Cell Disease (SCD) is one of the most common genetic diseases in the world. Splenomegaly (abnormal enlargement of the spleen) is frequent among children with SCD. If left untreated, splenomegaly can be life-threatening. The current workflow to measure spleen size includes palpation, possibly followed by manual length measurement in 2D ultrasound imaging. However, this manual measurement is dependent on operator expertise and is subject to intra- and inter-observer variability. We investigate the use of deep learning to perform automatic estimation of spleen length from ultrasound images. We investigate two types of approach, one segmentation-based and one based on direct length estimation, and compare the results against measurements made by human experts. Our best model (segmentation-based) achieved a percentage length error of 7.42%, which is approaching the level of inter-observer variability (5.47%-6.34%). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to measure spleen size in a fully automated way from ultrasound images.      
### 59.Semi-supervised Pathology Segmentation with Disentangled Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02564.pdf)
>  Automated pathology segmentation remains a valuable diagnostic tool in clinical practice. However, collecting training data is challenging. Semi-supervised approaches by combining labelled and unlabelled data can offer a solution to data scarcity. An approach to semi-supervised learning relies on reconstruction objectives (as self-supervision objectives) that learns in a joint fashion suitable representations for the task. Here, we propose Anatomy-Pathology Disentanglement Network (APD-Net), a pathology segmentation model that attempts to learn jointly for the first time: disentanglement of anatomy, modality, and pathology. The model is trained in a semi-supervised fashion with new reconstruction losses directly aiming to improve pathology segmentation with limited annotations. In addition, a joint optimization strategy is proposed to fully take advantage of the available annotations. We evaluate our methods with two private cardiac infarction segmentation datasets with LGE-MRI scans. APD-Net can perform pathology segmentation with few annotations, maintain performance with different amounts of supervision, and outperform related deep learning methods.      
### 60.CLEANN: Accelerated Trojan Shield for Embedded Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.02326.pdf)
>  We propose CLEANN, the first end-to-end framework that enables online mitigation of Trojans for embedded Deep Neural Network (DNN) applications. A Trojan attack works by injecting a backdoor in the DNN while training; during inference, the Trojan can be activated by the specific backdoor trigger. What differentiates CLEANN from the prior work is its lightweight methodology which recovers the ground-truth class of Trojan samples without the need for labeled data, model retraining, or prior assumptions on the trigger or the attack. We leverage dictionary learning and sparse approximation to characterize the statistical behavior of benign data and identify Trojan triggers. CLEANN is devised based on algorithm/hardware co-design and is equipped with specialized hardware to enable efficient real-time execution on resource-constrained embedded platforms. Proof of concept evaluations on CLEANN for the state-of-the-art Neural Trojan attacks on visual benchmarks demonstrate its competitive advantage in terms of attack resiliency and execution overhead.      
