# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 10 Sep 2020
### 1.Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation through Dual-task Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04448.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based semi-supervised learning (SSL) algorithms have led to promising results in medical images segmentation and can alleviate doctors' expensive annotations by leveraging unlabeled data. However, most of the existing SSL algorithms in literature tend to regularize the model training by perturbing networks and/or data. Observing that multi/dual-task learning attends to various levels of information which have inherent prediction perturbation, we ask the question in this work: can we explicitly build task-level regularization rather than implicitly constructing networks- and/or data-level perturbation-and-transformation for SSL? To answer this question, we propose a novel dual-task-consistency semi-supervised framework for the first time. Concretely, we use a dual-task deep network that jointly predicts a pixel-wise segmentation map and a geometry-aware level set representation of the target. The level set representation is converted to an approximated segmentation map through a differentiable task transform layer. Simultaneously, we introduce a dual-task consistency regularization between the level set-derived segmentation maps and directly predicted segmentation maps for both labeled and unlabeled data. Extensive experiments on two public datasets show that our method can largely improve the performance by incorporating the unlabeled data. Meanwhile, our framework outperforms the state-of-the-art semi-supervised medical image segmentation methods. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Luoxd1996/DTC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 2.Plant Diseases recognition on images using Convolutional Neural Networks: A Systematic Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04365.pdf)
>  Plant diseases are considered one of the main factors influencing food production and minimize losses in production, and it is essential that crop diseases have fast detection and recognition. The recent expansion of deep learning methods has found its application in plant disease detection, offering a robust tool with highly accurate results. In this context, this work presents a systematic review of the literature that aims to identify the state of the art of the use of convolutional neural networks(CNN) in the process of identification and classification of plant diseases, delimiting trends, and indicating gaps. In this sense, we present 121 papers selected in the last ten years with different approaches to treat aspects related to disease detection, characteristics of the data set, the crops and pathogens investigated. From the results of the systematic review, it is possible to understand the innovative trends regarding the use of CNNs in the identification of plant diseases and to identify the gaps that need the attention of the research community.      
### 3.HSFM-$Σ$nn: Combining a Feedforward Motion Prediction Network and Covariance Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04299.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new method for motion prediction: HSFM-$\Sigma$nn. Our proposed method combines two different approaches: a feedforward network whose layers are model-based transition functions using the HSFM and a Neural Network (NN), on each of these layers, for covariance prediction. We will compare our method with classical methods for covariance estimation showing their limitations. We will also compare with a learning-based approach, social-LSTM, showing that our method is more precise and efficient.      
### 4.Online trajectory recovery from offline handwritten Japanese kanji characters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04284.pdf)
>  In general, it is straightforward to render an offline handwriting image from an online handwriting pattern. However, it is challenging to reconstruct an online handwriting pattern given an offline handwriting image, especially for multiple-stroke character as Japanese kanji. The multiple-stroke character requires not only point coordinates but also stroke orders whose difficulty is exponential growth by the number of strokes. Besides, several crossed and touch points might increase the difficulty of the recovered task. We propose a deep neural network-based method to solve the recovered task using a large online handwriting database. Our proposed model has two main components: Convolutional Neural Network-based encoder and Long Short-Term Memory Network-based decoder with an attention layer. The encoder focuses on feature extraction while the decoder refers to the extracted features and generates the time-sequences of coordinates. We also demonstrate the effect of the attention layer to guide the decoder during the reconstruction. We evaluate the performance of the proposed method by both visual verification and handwritten character recognition. Although the visual verification reveals some problems, the recognition experiments demonstrate the effect of trajectory recovery in improving the accuracy of offline handwritten character recognition when online recognition for the recovered trajectories are combined.      
### 5.Unsupervised Part Discovery by Unsupervised Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04264.pdf)
>  We address the problem of discovering part segmentations of articulated objects without supervision. In contrast to keypoints, part segmentations provide information about part localizations on the level of individual pixels. Capturing both locations and semantics, they are an attractive target for supervised learning approaches. However, large annotation costs limit the scalability of supervised algorithms to other object categories than humans. Unsupervised approaches potentially allow to use much more data at a lower cost. Most existing unsupervised approaches focus on learning abstract representations to be refined with supervision into the final representation. Our approach leverages a generative model consisting of two disentangled representations for an object's shape and appearance and a latent variable for the part segmentation. From a single image, the trained model infers a semantic part segmentation map. In experiments, we compare our approach to previous state-of-the-art approaches and observe significant gains in segmentation accuracy and shape consistency. Our work demonstrates the feasibility to discover semantic part segmentations without supervision.      
### 6.Binarized Neural Architecture Search for Efficient Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04247.pdf)
>  Traditional neural architecture search (NAS) has a significant impact in computer vision by automatically designing network architectures for various tasks. In this paper, binarized neural architecture search (BNAS), with a search space of binarized convolutions, is introduced to produce extremely compressed models to reduce huge computational cost on embedded devices for edge computing. The BNAS calculation is more challenging than NAS due to the learning inefficiency caused by optimization requirements and the huge architecture space, and the performance loss when handling the wild data in various computing applications. To address these issues, we introduce operation space reduction and channel sampling into BNAS to significantly reduce the cost of searching. This is accomplished through a performance-based strategy that is robust to wild data, which is further used to abandon less potential operations. Furthermore, we introduce the Upper Confidence Bound (UCB) to solve 1-bit BNAS. Two optimization methods for binarized neural networks are used to validate the effectiveness of our BNAS. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed BNAS achieves a comparable performance to NAS on both CIFAR and ImageNet databases. An accuracy of $96.53\%$ vs. $97.22\%$ is achieved on the CIFAR-10 dataset, but with a significantly compressed model, and a $40\%$ faster search than the state-of-the-art PC-DARTS. On the wild face recognition task, our binarized models achieve a performance similar to their corresponding full-precision models.      
### 7.Temporal Attribute-Appearance Learning Network for Video-based Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04181.pdf)
>  Video-based person re-identification aims to match a specific pedestrian in surveillance videos across different time and locations. Human attributes and appearance are complementary to each other, both of them contribute to pedestrian matching. In this work, we propose a novel Temporal Attribute-Appearance Learning Network (TALNet) for video-based person re-identification. TALNet simultaneously exploits human attributes and appearance to learn comprehensive and effective pedestrian representations from videos. It explores hard visual attention and temporal-semantic context for attributes, and spatial-temporal dependencies among body parts for appearance, to boost the learning of them. Specifically, an attribute branch network is proposed with a spatial attention block and a temporal-semantic context block for learning robust attribute representation. The spatial attention block focuses the network on corresponding regions within video frames related to each attribute, the temporal-semantic context block learns both the temporal context for each attribute across video frames and the semantic context among attributes in each video frame. The appearance branch network is designed to learn effective appearance representation from both whole body and body parts with spatial-temporal dependencies among them. TALNet leverages the complementation between attribute and appearance representations, and jointly optimizes them by multi-task learning fashion. Moreover, we annotate ID-level attributes for each pedestrian in the two commonly used video datasets. Extensive experiments on these datasets, have verified the superiority of TALNet over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 8.MU-GAN: Facial Attribute Editing based on Multi-attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04177.pdf)
>  Facial attribute editing has mainly two objectives: 1) translating image from a source domain to a target one, and 2) only changing the facial regions related to a target attribute and preserving the attribute-excluding details. In this work, we propose a Multi-attention U-Net-based Generative Adversarial Network (MU-GAN). First, we replace a classic convolutional encoder-decoder with a symmetric U-Net-like structure in a generator, and then apply an additive attention mechanism to build attention-based U-Net connections for adaptively transferring encoder representations to complement a decoder with attribute-excluding detail and enhance attribute editing ability. Second, a self-attention mechanism is incorporated into convolutional layers for modeling long-range and multi-level dependencies across image regions. experimental results indicate that our method is capable of balancing attribute editing ability and details preservation ability, and can decouple the correlation among attributes. It outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of attribute manipulation accuracy and image quality.      
### 9.Diversified Mutual Learning for Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04170.pdf)
>  Mutual learning is an ensemble training strategy to improve generalization by transferring individual knowledge to each other while simultaneously training multiple models. In this work, we propose an effective mutual learning method for deep metric learning, called Diversified Mutual Metric Learning, which enhances embedding models with diversified mutual learning. We transfer relational knowledge for deep metric learning by leveraging three kinds of diversities in mutual learning: (1) model diversity from different initializations of models, (2) temporal diversity from different frequencies of parameter update, and (3) view diversity from different augmentations of inputs. Our method is particularly adequate for inductive transfer learning at the lack of large-scale data, where the embedding model is initialized with a pretrained model and then fine-tuned on a target dataset. Extensive experiments show that our method significantly improves individual models as well as their ensemble. Finally, the proposed method with a conventional triplet loss achieves the state-of-the-art performance of Recall@1 on standard datasets: 69.9 on CUB-200-2011 and 89.1 on CARS-196.      
### 10.One-shot Text Field Labeling using Attention and Belief Propagation for Structure Information Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04153.pdf)
>  Structured information extraction from document images usually consists of three steps: text detection, text recognition, and text field labeling. While text detection and text recognition have been heavily studied and improved a lot in literature, text field labeling is less explored and still faces many challenges. Existing learning based methods for text labeling task usually require a large amount of labeled examples to train a specific model for each type of document. However, collecting large amounts of document images and labeling them is difficult and sometimes impossible due to privacy issues. Deploying separate models for each type of document also consumes a lot of resources. Facing these challenges, we explore one-shot learning for the text field labeling task. Existing one-shot learning methods for the task are mostly rule-based and have difficulty in labeling fields in crowded regions with few landmarks and fields consisting of multiple separate text regions. To alleviate these problems, we proposed a novel deep end-to-end trainable approach for one-shot text field labeling, which makes use of attention mechanism to transfer the layout information between document images. We further applied conditional random field on the transferred layout information for the refinement of field labeling. We collected and annotated a real-world one-shot field labeling dataset with a large variety of document types and conducted extensive experiments to examine the effectiveness of the proposed model. To stimulate research in this direction, the collected dataset and the one-shot model will be released1.      
### 11.Real-time Plant Health Assessment Via Implementing Cloud-based Scalable Transfer Learning On AWS DeepLens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04110.pdf)
>  In the Agriculture sector, control of plant leaf diseases is crucial as it influences the quality and production of plant species with an impact on the economy of any country. Therefore, automated identification and classification of plant leaf disease at an early stage is essential to reduce economic loss and to conserve the specific species. Previously, to detect and classify plant leaf disease, various Machine Learning models have been proposed; however, they lack usability due to hardware incompatibility, limited scalability and inefficiency in practical usage. Our proposed DeepLens Classification and Detection Model (DCDM) approach deal with such limitations by introducing automated detection and classification of the leaf diseases in fruits (apple, grapes, peach and strawberry) and vegetables (potato and tomato) via scalable transfer learning on AWS SageMaker and importing it on AWS DeepLens for real-time practical usability. Cloud integration provides scalability and ubiquitous access to our approach. Our experiments on extensive image data set of healthy and unhealthy leaves of fruits and vegetables showed an accuracy of 98.78% with a real-time diagnosis of plant leaves diseases. We used forty thousand images for the training of deep learning model and then evaluated it on ten thousand images. The process of testing an image for disease diagnosis and classification using AWS DeepLens on average took 0.349s, providing disease information to the user in less than a second.      
### 12.Deep Metric Learning Meets Deep Clustering: An Novel Unsupervised Approach for Feature Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04091.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Deep Distance Metric Learning (UDML) aims to learn sample similarities in the embedding space from an unlabeled dataset. Traditional UDML methods usually use the triplet loss or pairwise loss which requires the mining of positive and negative samples w.r.t. anchor data points. This is, however, challenging in an unsupervised setting as the label information is not available. In this paper, we propose a new UDML method that overcomes that challenge. In particular, we propose to use a deep clustering loss to learn centroids, i.e., pseudo labels, that represent semantic classes. During learning, these centroids are also used to reconstruct the input samples. It hence ensures the representativeness of centroids - each centroid represents visually similar samples. Therefore, the centroids give information about positive (visually similar) and negative (visually dissimilar) samples. Based on pseudo labels, we propose a novel unsupervised metric loss which enforces the positive concentration and negative separation of samples in the embedding space. Experimental results on benchmarking datasets show that the proposed approach outperforms other UDML methods.      
### 13.View-consistent 4D Light Field Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04065.pdf)
>  We propose a method to compute depth maps for every sub-aperture image in a light field in a view consistent way. Previous light field depth estimation methods typically estimate a depth map only for the central sub-aperture view, and struggle with view consistent estimation. Our method precisely defines depth edges via EPIs, then we diffuse these edges spatially within the central view. These depth estimates are then propagated to all other views in an occlusion-aware way. Finally, disoccluded regions are completed by diffusion in EPI space. Our method runs efficiently with respect to both other classical and deep learning-based approaches, and achieves competitive quantitative metrics and qualitative performance on both synthetic and real-world light fields      
### 14.Improved Trainable Calibration Method for Neural Networks on Medical Imaging Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04057.pdf)
>  Recent works have shown that deep neural networks can achieve super-human performance in a wide range of image classification tasks in the medical imaging domain. However, these works have primarily focused on classification accuracy, ignoring the important role of uncertainty quantification. Empirically, neural networks are often miscalibrated and overconfident in their predictions. This miscalibration could be problematic in any automatic decision-making system, but we focus on the medical field in which neural network miscalibration has the potential to lead to significant treatment errors. We propose a novel calibration approach that maintains the overall classification accuracy while significantly improving model calibration. The proposed approach is based on expected calibration error, which is a common metric for quantifying miscalibration. Our approach can be easily integrated into any classification task as an auxiliary loss term, thus not requiring an explicit training round for calibration. We show that our approach reduces calibration error significantly across various architectures and datasets.      
### 15.Unconstrained Text Detection in Manga: a New Dataset and Baseline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04042.pdf)
>  The detection and recognition of unconstrained text is an open problem in research. Text in comic books has unusual styles that raise many challenges for text detection. This work aims to binarize text in a comic genre with highly sophisticated text styles: Japanese manga. To overcome the lack of a manga dataset with text annotations at a pixel level, we create our own. To improve the evaluation and search of an optimal model, in addition to standard metrics in binarization, we implement other special metrics. Using these resources, we designed and evaluated a deep network model, outperforming current methods for text binarization in manga in most metrics.      
### 16.Modeling Wildfire Perimeter Evolution using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03977.pdf)
>  With the increased size and frequency of wildfire eventsworldwide, accurate real-time prediction of evolving wildfirefronts is a crucial component of firefighting efforts and for-est management practices. We propose a wildfire spreadingmodel that predicts the evolution of the wildfire perimeter in24 hour periods. The fire spreading simulation is based ona deep convolutional neural network (CNN) that is trainedon remotely sensed atmospheric and environmental time se-ries data. We show that the model is able to learn wildfirespreading dynamics from real historic data sets from a seriesof wildfires in the Western Sierra Nevada Mountains in Cal-ifornia. We validate the model on a previously unseen wild-fire and produce realistic results that significantly outperformhistoric alternatives with validation accuracies ranging from78% - 98%      
### 17.Joint Pose and Shape Estimation of Vehicles from LiDAR Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03964.pdf)
>  We address the problem of estimating the pose and shape of vehicles from LiDAR scans, a common problem faced by the autonomous vehicle community. Recent work has tended to address pose and shape estimation separately in isolation, despite the inherent connection between the two. We investigate a method of jointly estimating shape and pose where a single encoding is learned from which shape and pose may be decoded in an efficient yet effective manner. We additionally introduce a novel joint pose and shape loss, and show that this joint training method produces better results than independently-trained pose and shape estimators. We evaluate our method on both synthetic data and real-world data, and show superior performance against a state-of-the-art baseline.      
### 18.Towards Unique and Informative Captioning of Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03949.pdf)
>  Despite considerable progress, state of the art image captioning models produce generic captions, leaving out important image details. Furthermore, these systems may even misrepresent the image in order to produce a simpler caption consisting of common concepts. In this paper, we first analyze both modern captioning systems and evaluation metrics through empirical experiments to quantify these phenomena. We find that modern captioning systems return higher likelihoods for incorrect distractor sentences compared to ground truth captions, and that evaluation metrics like SPICE can be 'topped' using simple captioning systems relying on object detectors. Inspired by these observations, we design a new metric (SPICE-U) by introducing a notion of uniqueness over the concepts generated in a caption. We show that SPICE-U is better correlated with human judgements compared to SPICE, and effectively captures notions of diversity and descriptiveness. Finally, we also demonstrate a general technique to improve any existing captioning model -- by using mutual information as a re-ranking objective during decoding. Empirically, this results in more unique and informative captions, and improves three different state-of-the-art models on SPICE-U as well as average score over existing metrics.      
### 19.Map-Adaptive Goal-Based Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04450.pdf)
>  We present a new method for multi-modal, long-term vehicle trajectory prediction. Our approach relies on using lane centerlines captured in rich maps of the environment to generate a set of proposed goal paths for each vehicle. Using these paths -- which are generated at run time and therefore dynamically adapt to the scene -- as spatial anchors, we predict a set of goal-based trajectories along with a categorical distribution over the goals. This approach allows us to directly model the goal-directed behavior of traffic actors, which unlocks the potential for more accurate long-term prediction. Our experimental results on both a large-scale internal driving dataset and on the public nuScenes dataset show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art approaches for vehicle trajectory prediction over a 6-second horizon. We also empirically demonstrate that our model is better able to generalize to road scenes from a completely new city than existing methods.      
### 20.not-so-BigGAN: Generating High-Fidelity Images on a Small Compute Budget  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04433.pdf)
>  BigGAN is the state-of-the-art in high-resolution image generation, successfully leveraging advancements in scalable computing and theoretical understanding of generative adversarial methods to set new records in conditional image generation. A major part of BigGAN's success is due to its use of large mini-batch sizes during training in high dimensions. While effective, this technique requires an incredible amount of compute resources and/or time (256 TPU-v3 Cores), putting the model out of reach for the larger research community. In this paper, we present not-so-BigGAN, a simple and scalable framework for training deep generative models on high-dimensional natural images. Instead of modelling the image in pixel space like in BigGAN, not-so-BigGAN uses wavelet transformations to bypass the curse of dimensionality, reducing the overall compute requirement significantly. Through extensive empirical evaluation, we demonstrate that for a fixed compute budget, not-so-BigGAN converges several times faster than BigGAN, reaching competitive image quality with an order of magnitude lower compute budget (4 Telsa-V100 GPUs).      
### 21.Cephalogram Synthesis and Landmark Detection in Dental Cone-Beam CT Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04420.pdf)
>  Due to the lack of standardized 3D cephalometric analytic methodology, 2D cephalograms synthesized from 3D cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) volumes are widely used for cephalometric analysis in dental CBCT systems. However, compared with conventional X-ray film based cephalograms, such synthetic cephalograms lack image contrast and resolution. In addition, the radiation dose during the scan for 3D reconstruction causes potential health risks. In this work, we propose a sigmoid-based intensity transform that uses the nonlinear optical property of X-ray films to increase image contrast of synthetic cephalograms. To improve image resolution, super resolution deep learning techniques are investigated. For low dose purpose, the pixel-to-pixel generative adversarial network (pix2pixGAN) is proposed for 2D cephalogram synthesis directly from two CBCT projections. For landmark detection in the synthetic cephalograms, an efficient automatic landmark detection method using the combination of LeNet-5 and ResNet50 is proposed. Our experiments demonstrate the efficacy of pix2pixGAN in 2D cephalogram synthesis, achieving an average peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) value of 33.8 with reference to the cephalograms synthesized from 3D CBCT volumes. Pix2pixGAN also achieves the best performance in super resolution, achieving an average PSNR value of 32.5 without the introduction of checkerboard or jagging artifacts. Our proposed automatic landmark detection method achieves 86.7% successful detection rate in the 2 mm clinical acceptable range on the ISBI Test1 data, which is comparable to the state-of-the-art methods. The method trained on conventional cephalograms can be directly applied to landmark detection in the synthetic cephalograms, achieving 93.0% and 80.7% successful detection rate in 4 mm precision range for synthetic cephalograms from 3D volumes and 2D projections respectively.      
### 22.NTGAN: Learning Blind Image Denoising without Clean Reference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04286.pdf)
>  Recent studies on learning-based image denoising have achieved promising performance on various noise reduction tasks. Most of these deep denoisers are trained either under the supervision of clean references, or unsupervised on synthetic noise. The assumption with the synthetic noise leads to poor generalization when facing real photographs. To address this issue, we propose a novel deep unsupervised image-denoising method by regarding the noise reduction task as a special case of the noise transference task. Learning noise transference enables the network to acquire the denoising ability by only observing the corrupted samples. The results on real-world denoising benchmarks demonstrate that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on removing realistic noises, making it a potential solution to practical noise reduction problems.      
### 23.Small-floating Target Detection in Sea Clutter via Visual Feature Classifying in the Time-Doppler Spectra  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04185.pdf)
>  It is challenging to detect small-floating object in the sea clutter for a surface radar. In this paper, we have observed that the backscatters from the target brake the continuity of the underlying motion of the sea surface in the time-Doppler spectra (TDS) images. Following this visual clue, we exploit the local binary pattern (LBP) to measure the variations of texture in the TDS images. It is shown that the radar returns containing target and those only having clutter are separable in the feature space of LBP. An unsupervised one-class support vector machine (SVM) is then utilized to detect the deviation of the LBP histogram of the clutter. The outiler of the detector is classified as the target. In the real-life IPIX radar data sets, our visual feature based detector shows favorable detection rate compared to other three existing approaches.      
### 24.Revealing Lung Affections from CTs. A Comparative Analysis of Various Deep Learning Approaches for Dealing with Volumetric Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04160.pdf)
>  The paper presents and comparatively analyses several deep learning approaches to automatically detect tuberculosis related lesions in lung CTs, in the context of the ImageClef 2020 Tuberculosis task. Three classes of methods, different with respect to the way the volumetric data is given as input to neural network-based classifiers are discussed and evaluated. All these come with a rich experimental analysis comprising a variety of neural network architectures, various segmentation algorithms and data augmentation schemes. The reported work belongs to the SenticLab.UAIC team, which obtained the best results in the competition.      
### 25.Single Image Super-Resolution for Domain-Specific Ultra-Low Bandwidth Image Transmission  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04127.pdf)
>  Low-bandwidth communication, such as underwater acoustic communication, is limited by best-case data rates of 30--50 kbit/s. This renders such channels unusable or inefficient at best for single image, video, or other bandwidth-demanding sensor-data transmission. To combat data-transmission bottlenecks, we consider practical use-cases within the maritime domain and investigate the prospect of Single Image Super-Resolution methodologies. This is investigated on a large, diverse dataset obtained during years of trawl fishing where cameras have been placed in the fishing nets. We propose down-sampling images to a low-resolution low-size version of about 1 kB that satisfies underwater acoustic bandwidth requirements for even several frames per second. A neural network is then trained to perform up-sampling, trying to reconstruct the original image. We aim to investigate the quality of reconstructed images and prospects for such methods in practical use-cases in general. Our focus in this work is solely on learning to reconstruct the high-resolution images on "real-world" data. We show that our method achieves better perceptual quality and superior reconstruction than generic bicubic up-sampling and motivates further work in this area for underwater applications.      
### 26.Generalizing Complex/Hyper-complex Convolutions to Vector Map Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04083.pdf)
>  We show that the core reasons that complex and hypercomplex valued neural networks offer improvements over their real-valued counterparts is the weight sharing mechanism and treating multidimensional data as a single entity. Their algebra linearly combines the dimensions, making each dimension related to the others. However, both are constrained to a set number of dimensions, two for complex and four for quaternions. Here we introduce novel vector map convolutions which capture both of these properties provided by complex/hypercomplex convolutions, while dropping the unnatural dimensionality constraints they impose. This is achieved by introducing a system that mimics the unique linear combination of input dimensions, such as the Hamilton product for quaternions. We perform three experiments to show that these novel vector map convolutions seem to capture all the benefits of complex and hyper-complex networks, such as their ability to capture internal latent relations, while avoiding the dimensionality restriction.      
### 27.Learning joint segmentation of tissues and brain lesions from task-specific hetero-modal domain-shifted datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04009.pdf)
>  Brain tissue segmentation from multimodal MRI is a key building block of many neuroimaging analysis pipelines. Established tissue segmentation approaches have, however, not been developed to cope with large anatomical changes resulting from pathology, such as white matter lesions or tumours, and often fail in these cases. In the meantime, with the advent of deep neural networks (DNNs), segmentation of brain lesions has matured significantly. However, few existing approaches allow for the joint segmentation of normal tissue and brain lesions. Developing a DNN for such a joint task is currently hampered by the fact that annotated datasets typically address only one specific task and rely on task-specific imaging protocols including a task-specific set of imaging modalities. In this work, we propose a novel approach to build a joint tissue and lesion segmentation model from aggregated task-specific hetero-modal domain-shifted and partially-annotated datasets. Starting from a variational formulation of the joint problem, we show how the expected risk can be decomposed and optimised empirically. We exploit an upper bound of the risk to deal with heterogeneous imaging modalities across datasets. To deal with potential domain shift, we integrated and tested three conventional techniques based on data augmentation, adversarial learning and pseudo-healthy generation. For each individual task, our joint approach reaches comparable performance to task-specific and fully-supervised models. The proposed framework is assessed on two different types of brain lesions: White matter lesions and gliomas. In the latter case, lacking a joint ground-truth for quantitative assessment purposes, we propose and use a novel clinically-relevant qualitative assessment methodology.      
### 28.Fuzzy Unique Image Transformation: Defense Against Adversarial Attacks On Deep COVID-19 Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.04004.pdf)
>  Early identification of COVID-19 using a deep model trained on Chest X-Ray and CT images has gained considerable attention from researchers to speed up the process of identification of active COVID-19 cases. These deep models act as an aid to hospitals that suffer from the unavailability of specialists or radiologists, specifically in remote areas. Various deep models have been proposed to detect the COVID-19 cases, but few works have been performed to prevent the deep models against adversarial attacks capable of fooling the deep model by using a small perturbation in image pixels. This paper presents an evaluation of the performance of deep COVID-19 models against adversarial attacks. Also, it proposes an efficient yet effective Fuzzy Unique Image Transformation (FUIT) technique that downsamples the image pixels into an interval. The images obtained after the FUIT transformation are further utilized for training the secure deep model that preserves high accuracy of the diagnosis of COVID-19 cases and provides reliable defense against the adversarial attacks. The experiments and results show the proposed model prevents the deep model against the six adversarial attacks and maintains high accuracy to classify the COVID-19 cases from the Chest X-Ray image and CT image Datasets. The results also recommend that a careful inspection is required before practically applying the deep models to diagnose the COVID-19 cases.      
### 29.Tangent Space Based Alternating Projections for Nonnegative Low Rank Matrix Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03998.pdf)
>  In this paper, we develop a new alternating projection method to compute nonnegative low rank matrix approximation for nonnegative matrices. In the nonnegative low rank matrix approximation method, the projection onto the manifold of fixed rank matrices can be expensive as the singular value decomposition is required. We propose to use the tangent space of the point in the manifold to approximate the projection onto the manifold in order to reduce the computational cost. We show that the sequence generated by the alternating projections onto the tangent spaces of the fixed rank matrices manifold and the nonnegative matrix manifold, converge linearly to a point in the intersection of the two manifolds where the convergent point is sufficiently close to optimal solutions. This convergence result based inexact projection onto the manifold is new and is not studied in the literature. Numerical examples in data clustering, pattern recognition and hyperspectral data analysis are given to demonstrate that the performance of the proposed method is better than that of nonnegative matrix factorization methods in terms of computational time and accuracy.      
