# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 22 Sep 2020
### 1.Improving Person Re-identification with Iterative Impression Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10066.pdf)
>  Our impression about one person often updates after we see more aspects of him/her and this process keeps iterating given more meetings. We formulate such an intuition into the problem of person re-identification (re-ID), where the representation of a query (probe) image is iteratively updated with new information from the candidates in the gallery. Specifically, we propose a simple attentional aggregation formulation to instantiate this idea and showcase that such a pipeline achieves competitive performance on standard benchmarks including CUHK03, Market-1501 and DukeMTMC. Not only does such a simple method improve the performance of the baseline models, it also achieves comparable performance with latest advanced re-ranking methods. Another advantage of this proposal is its flexibility to incorporate different representations and similarity metrics. By utilizing stronger representations and metrics, we further demonstrate state-of-the-art person re-ID performance, which also validates the general applicability of the proposed method.      
### 2.Exploring Intensity Invariance in Deep Neural Networks for Brain Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10058.pdf)
>  Image registration is a widely-used technique in analysing large scale datasets that are captured through various imaging modalities and techniques in biomedical imaging such as MRI, X-Rays, etc. These datasets are typically collected from various sites and under different imaging protocols using a variety of scanners. Such heterogeneity in the data collection process causes inhomogeneity or variation in intensity (brightness) and noise distribution. These variations play a detrimental role in the performance of image registration, segmentation and detection algorithms. Classical image registration methods are computationally expensive but are able to handle these artifacts relatively better. However, deep learning-based techniques are shown to be computationally efficient for automated brain registration but are sensitive to the intensity variations. In this study, we investigate the effect of variation in intensity distribution among input image pairs for deep learning-based image registration methods. We find a performance degradation of these models when brain image pairs with different intensity distribution are presented even with similar structures. To overcome this limitation, we incorporate a structural similarity-based loss function in a deep neural network and test its performance on the validation split separated before training as well as on a completely unseen new dataset. We report that the deep learning models trained with structure similarity-based loss seems to perform better for both datasets. This investigation highlights a possible performance limiting factor in deep learning-based registration models and suggests a potential solution to incorporate the intensity distribution variation in the input image pairs. Our code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hassaanmahmood/DeepIntense" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Regularizing Attention Networks for Anomaly Detection in Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10054.pdf)
>  For stability and reliability of real-world applications, the robustness of DNNs in unimodal tasks has been evaluated. However, few studies consider abnormal situations that a visual question answering (VQA) model might encounter at test time after deployment in the real-world. In this study, we evaluate the robustness of state-of-the-art VQA models to five different anomalies, including worst-case scenarios, the most frequent scenarios, and the current limitation of VQA models. Different from the results in unimodal tasks, the maximum confidence of answers in VQA models cannot detect anomalous inputs, and post-training of the outputs, such as outlier exposure, is ineffective for VQA models. Thus, we propose an attention-based method, which uses confidence of reasoning between input images and questions and shows much more promising results than the previous methods in unimodal tasks. In addition, we show that a maximum entropy regularization of attention networks can significantly improve the attention-based anomaly detection of the VQA models. Thanks to the simplicity, attention-based anomaly detection and the regularization are model-agnostic methods, which can be used for various cross-modal attentions in the state-of-the-art VQA models. The results imply that cross-modal attention in VQA is important to improve not only VQA accuracy, but also the robustness to various anomalies.      
### 4.Visual-Semantic Embedding Model Informed by Structured Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10026.pdf)
>  We propose a novel approach to improve a visual-semantic embedding model by incorporating concept representations captured from an external structured knowledge base. We investigate its performance on image classification under both standard and zero-shot settings. We propose two novel evaluation frameworks to analyse classification errors with respect to the class hierarchy indicated by the knowledge base. The approach is tested using the ILSVRC 2012 image dataset and a WordNet knowledge base. With respect to both standard and zero-shot image classification, our approach shows superior performance compared with the original approach, which uses word embeddings.      
### 5.Synthetic Training for Accurate 3D Human Pose and Shape Estimation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10013.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of monocular 3D human shape and pose estimation from an RGB image. Despite great progress in this field in terms of pose prediction accuracy, state-of-the-art methods often predict inaccurate body shapes. We suggest that this is primarily due to the scarcity of \textit{in-the-wild} training data with \textit{diverse and accurate} body shape labels. Thus, we propose STRAPS (Synthetic Training for Real Accurate Pose and Shape), a system that utilises proxy representations, such as silhouettes and 2D joints, as inputs to a shape and pose regression neural network, which is trained with synthetic training data (generated on-the-fly during training using the SMPL statistical body model) to overcome data scarcity. We bridge the gap between synthetic training inputs and noisy real inputs, which are predicted by keypoint detection and segmentation CNNs at test-time, by using data augmentation and corruption during training. In order to evaluate our approach, we curate and provide a challenging evaluation dataset for monocular human shape estimation, Sports Shape and Pose 3D (SSP-3D). It consists of RGB images of tightly-clothed sports-persons with a variety of body shapes and corresponding pseudo-ground-truth SMPL shape and pose parameters, obtained via multi-frame optimisation. We show that STRAPS outperforms other state-of-the-art methods on SSP-3D in terms of shape prediction accuracy, while remaining competitive with the state-of-the-art on pose-centric datasets and metrics.      
### 6.Joint and Progressive Subspace Analysis (JPSA) with Spatial-Spectral Manifold Alignment for Semi-Supervised Hyperspectral Dimensionality Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10003.pdf)
>  Conventional nonlinear subspace learning techniques (e.g., manifold learning) usually introduce some drawbacks in explainability (explicit mapping) and cost-effectiveness (linearization), generalization capability (out-of-sample), and representability (spatial-spectral discrimination). To overcome these shortcomings, a novel linearized subspace analysis technique with spatial-spectral manifold alignment is developed for a semi-supervised hyperspectral dimensionality reduction (HDR), called joint and progressive subspace analysis (JPSA). The JPSA learns a high-level, semantically meaningful, joint spatial-spectral feature representation from hyperspectral data by 1) jointly learning latent subspaces and a linear classifier to find an effective projection direction favorable for classification; 2) progressively searching several intermediate states of subspaces to approach an optimal mapping from the original space to a potential more discriminative subspace; 3) spatially and spectrally aligning manifold structure in each learned latent subspace in order to preserve the same or similar topological property between the compressed data and the original data. A simple but effective classifier, i.e., nearest neighbor (NN), is explored as a potential application for validating the algorithm performance of different HDR approaches. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the superiority and effectiveness of the proposed JPSA on two widely-used hyperspectral datasets: Indian Pines (92.98\%) and the University of Houston (86.09\%) in comparison with previous state-of-the-art HDR methods. The demo of this basic work (i.e., ECCV2018) is openly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/danfenghong/ECCV2018_J-Play" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.TRECVID 2019: An Evaluation Campaign to Benchmark Video Activity Detection, Video Captioning and Matching, and Video Search &amp; Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09984.pdf)
>  The TREC Video Retrieval Evaluation (TRECVID) 2019 was a TREC-style video analysis and retrieval evaluation, the goal of which remains to promote progress in research and development of content-based exploitation and retrieval of information from digital video via open, metrics-based evaluation. Over the last nineteen years this effort has yielded a better understanding of how systems can effectively accomplish such processing and how one can reliably benchmark their performance. TRECVID has been funded by NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology) and other US government agencies. In addition, many organizations and individuals worldwide contribute significant time and effort. TRECVID 2019 represented a continuation of four tasks from TRECVID 2018. In total, 27 teams from various research organizations worldwide completed one or more of the following four tasks: 1. Ad-hoc Video Search (AVS) 2. Instance Search (INS) 3. Activities in Extended Video (ActEV) 4. Video to Text Description (VTT) This paper is an introduction to the evaluation framework, tasks, data, and measures used in the workshop.      
### 8.DR2S : Deep Regression with Region Selection for Camera Quality Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09981.pdf)
>  In this work, we tackle the problem of estimating a camera capability to preserve fine texture details at a given lighting condition. Importantly, our texture preservation measurement should coincide with human perception. Consequently, we formulate our problem as a regression one and we introduce a deep convolutional network to estimate texture quality score. At training time, we use ground-truth quality scores provided by expert human annotators in order to obtain a subjective quality measure. In addition, we propose a region selection method to identify the image regions that are better suited at measuring perceptual quality. Finally, our experimental evaluation shows that our learning-based approach outperforms existing methods and that our region selection algorithm consistently improves the quality estimation.      
### 9.Depth-Adapted CNN for RGB-D cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09976.pdf)
>  Conventional 2D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) extract features from an input image by applying linear filters. These filters compute the spatial coherence by weighting the photometric information on a fixed neighborhood without taking into account the geometric information. We tackle the problem of improving the classical RGB CNN methods by using the depth information provided by the RGB-D cameras. State-of-the-art approaches use depth as an additional channel or image (HHA) or pass from 2D CNN to 3D CNN. This paper proposes a novel and generic procedure to articulate both photometric and geometric information in CNN architecture. The depth data is represented as a 2D offset to adapt spatial sampling locations. The new model presented is invariant to scale and rotation around the X and the Y axis of the camera coordinate system. Moreover, when depth data is constant, our model is equivalent to a regular CNN. Experiments of benchmarks validate the effectiveness of our model.      
### 10.Line Flow based SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09972.pdf)
>  We propose a method of visual SLAM by predicting and updating line flows that represent sequential 2D projections of 3D line segments. While indirect SLAM methods using points and line segments have achieved excellent results, they still face problems in challenging scenarios such as occlusions, image blur, and repetitive textures. To deal with these problems, we leverage line flows which encode the coherence of 2D and 3D line segments in spatial and temporal domains as the sequence of all the 2D line segments corresponding to a specific 3D line segment. Thanks to the line flow representation, the corresponding 2D line segment in a new frame can be predicted based on 2D and 3D line segment motions. We create, update, merge, and discard line flows on-the-fly. We model our Line Flow-based SLAM (LF-SLAM) using a Bayesian network. We perform short-term optimization in front-end, and long-term optimization in back-end. The constraints introduced in line flows improve the performance of our LF-SLAM. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our method achieves better performance than state-of-the-art direct and indirect SLAM approaches. Specifically, it obtains good localization and mapping results in challenging scenes with occlusions, image blur, and repetitive textures.      
### 11.Towards Fast, Accurate and Stable 3D Dense Face Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09960.pdf)
>  Existing methods of 3D dense face alignment mainly concentrate on accuracy, thus limiting the scope of their practical applications. In this paper, we propose a novel regression framework which makes a balance among speed, accuracy and stability. Firstly, on the basis of a lightweight backbone, we propose a meta-joint optimization strategy to dynamically regress a small set of 3DMM parameters, which greatly enhances speed and accuracy simultaneously. To further improve the stability on videos, we present a virtual synthesis method to transform one still image to a short-video which incorporates in-plane and out-of-plane face moving. On the premise of high accuracy and stability, our model runs at over 50fps on a single CPU core and outperforms other state-of-the-art heavy models simultaneously. Experiments on several challenging datasets validate the efficiency of our method. Pre-trained models and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cleardusk/3DDFA_V2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.PP-OCR: A Practical Ultra Lightweight OCR System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09941.pdf)
>  The Optical Character Recognition (OCR) systems have been widely used in various of application scenarios, such as office automation (OA) systems, factory automations, online educations, map productions etc. However, OCR is still a challenging task due to the various of text appearances and the demand of computational efficiency. In this paper, we propose a practical ultra lightweight OCR system, i.e., PP-OCR. The overall model size of the PP-OCR is only 3.5M for recognizing 6622 Chinese characters and 2.8M for recognizing 63 alphanumeric symbols, respectively. We introduce a bag of strategies to either enhance the model ability or reduce the model size. The corresponding ablation experiments with the real data are also provided. Meanwhile, several pre-trained models for the Chinese and English recognition are released, including a text detector (97K images are used), a direction classifier (600K images are used) as well as a text recognizer (17.9M images are used). Besides, the proposed PP-OCR are also verified in several other language recognition tasks, including French, Korean, Japanese and German. All of the above mentioned models are open-sourced and the codes are available in the GitHub repository, i.e., <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleOCR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.CNNPruner: Pruning Convolutional Neural Networks with Visual Analytics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09940.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated extraordinarily good performance in many computer vision tasks. The increasing size of CNN models, however, prevents them from being widely deployed to devices with limited computational resources, e.g., mobile/embedded devices. The emerging topic of model pruning strives to address this problem by removing less important neurons and fine-tuning the pruned networks to minimize the accuracy loss. Nevertheless, existing automated pruning solutions often rely on a numerical threshold of the pruning criteria, lacking the flexibility to optimally balance the trade-off between model size and accuracy. Moreover, the complicated interplay between the stages of neuron pruning and model fine-tuning makes this process opaque, and therefore becomes difficult to optimize. In this paper, we address these challenges through a visual analytics approach, named CNNPruner. It considers the importance of convolutional filters through both instability and sensitivity, and allows users to interactively create pruning plans according to a desired goal on model size or accuracy. Also, CNNPruner integrates state-of-the-art filter visualization techniques to help users understand the roles that different filters played and refine their pruning plans. Through comprehensive case studies on CNNs with real-world sizes, we validate the effectiveness of CNNPruner.      
### 14.Automatic Target Recognition (ATR) from SAR Imaginary by Using Machine Learning Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09939.pdf)
>  Automatic Target Recognition (ATR) in Synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images becomes a very challenging problem owing to containing high level noise. In this study, a machine learning-based method is proposed to detect different moving and stationary targets using SAR images. First Order Statistical (FOS) features were obtained from Fast Fourier Transform (FFT), Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) and Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT) on gray level SAR images. Gray Level Co-occurrence Matrix (GLCM), Gray Level Run Length Matrix (GLRLM) and Gray Level Size Zone Matrix (GLSZM) algorithms are also used. These features are provided as input for the training and testing stage Support Vector Machine (SVM) model with Gaussian kernels. 4-fold cross-validations were implemented in performance evaluation. Obtained results showed that GLCM + SVM algorithm is the best model with 95.26% accuracy. This proposed method shows that moving and stationary targets in MSTAR database could be recognized with high performance.      
### 15.Is each layer non-trivial in CNN?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09938.pdf)
>  Many convolutional neural network (CNN) models have achieved great success in many fields. The networks get deeper and deeper. However, is each layer non-trivial in networks? To answer these questions, we propose to replace the convolution kernels with zeros. We compare these results with baseline and show that we can reach similar or even same performances. Although convolution kernels are the cores of networks,we demonstrate that some are trivial and that these layers are regular.      
### 16.Applying a random projection algorithm to optimize machine learning model for breast lesion classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09937.pdf)
>  Machine learning is widely used in developing computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) schemes of medical images. However, CAD usually computes large number of image features from the targeted regions, which creates a challenge of how to identify a small and optimal feature vector to build robust machine learning models. In this study, we investigate feasibility of applying a random projection algorithm to build an optimal feature vector from the initially CAD-generated large feature pool and improve performance of machine learning model. We assemble a retrospective dataset involving 1,487 cases of mammograms in which 644 cases have confirmed malignant mass lesions and 843 have benign lesions. A CAD scheme is first applied to segment mass regions and initially compute 181 features. Then, support vector machine (SVM) models embedded with several feature dimensionality reduction methods are built to predict likelihood of lesions being malignant. All SVM models are trained and tested using a leave-one-case-out cross-validation method. SVM generates a likelihood score of each segmented mass region depicting on one-view mammogram. By fusion of two scores of the same mass depicting on two-view mammograms, a case-based likelihood score is also evaluated. Comparing with the principle component analyses, nonnegative matrix factorization, and Chi-squared methods, SVM embedded with the random projection algorithm yielded a significantly higher case-based lesion classification performance with the area under ROC curve of 0.84+0.01 (p&lt;0.02). The study demonstrates that the random project algorithm is a promising method to generate optimal feature vectors to help improve performance of machine learning models of medical images.      
### 17.Prune Responsibly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09936.pdf)
>  Irrespective of the specific definition of fairness in a machine learning application, pruning the underlying model affects it. We investigate and document the emergence and exacerbation of undesirable per-class performance imbalances, across tasks and architectures, for almost one million categories considered across over 100K image classification models that undergo a pruning process.We demonstrate the need for transparent reporting, inclusive of bias, fairness, and inclusion metrics, in real-life engineering decision-making around neural network pruning. In response to the calls for quantitative evaluation of AI models to be population-aware, we present neural network pruning as a tangible application domain where the ways in which accuracy-efficiency trade-offs disproportionately affect underrepresented or outlier groups have historically been overlooked. We provide a simple, Pareto-based framework to insert fairness considerations into value-based operating point selection processes, and to re-evaluate pruning technique choices.      
### 18.Monocular Depth Estimation Using Multi Scale Neural Network And Feature Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09934.pdf)
>  Depth estimation from monocular images is a challenging problem in computer vision. In this paper, we tackle this problem using a novel network architecture using multi scale feature fusion. Our network uses two different blocks, first which uses different filter sizes for convolution and merges all the individual feature maps. The second block uses dilated convolutions in place of fully connected layers thus reducing computations and increasing the receptive field. We present a new loss function for training the network which uses a depth regression term, SSIM loss term and a multinomial logistic loss term combined. We train and test our network on Make 3D dataset, NYU Depth V2 dataset and Kitti dataset using standard evaluation metrics for depth estimation comprised of RMSE loss and SILog loss. Our network outperforms previous state of the art methods with lesser parameters.      
### 19.PESAO: Psychophysical Experimental Setup for Active Observers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09933.pdf)
>  Most past and present research in computer vision involves passively observed data. Humans, however, are active observers outside the lab; they explore, search, select what and how to look. Nonetheless, how exactly active observation occurs in humans so that it can inform the design of active computer vision systems is an open problem. PESAO is designed for investigating active, visual observation in a 3D world. The goal was to build an experimental setup for various active perception tasks with human subjects (active observers) in mind that is capable of tracking the head and gaze. While many studies explore human performances, usually, they use line drawings portrayed in 2D, and no active observer is involved. PESAO allows us to bring many studies to the three-dimensional world, even involving active observers. In our instantiation, it spans an area of 400cm x 300cm and can track active observers at a frequency of 120Hz. Furthermore, PESAO provides tracking and recording of 6D head motion, gaze, eye movement-type, first-person video, head-mounted IMU sensor, birds-eye video, and experimenter notes. All are synchronized at microsecond resolution.      
### 20.Supervised Learning with Projected Entangled Pair States  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09932.pdf)
>  Tensor networks, a model that originated from quantum physics, has been gradually generalized as efficient models in machine learning in recent years. However, in order to achieve exact contraction, only tree-like tensor networks such as the matrix product states and tree tensor networks have been considered, even for modeling two-dimensional data such as images. In this work, we construct supervised learning models for images using the projected entangled pair states (PEPS), a two-dimensional tensor network having a similar structure prior to natural images. Our approach first performs a feature map, which transforms the image data to a product state on a grid, then contracts the product state to a PEPS with trainable parameters to predict image labels. The tensor elements of PEPS are trained by minimizing differences between training labels and predicted labels. The proposed model is evaluated on image classifications using the MNIST and the Fashion-MNIST datasets. We show that our model is significantly superior to existing models using tree-like tensor networks. Moreover, using the same input features, our method performs as well as the multilayer perceptron classifier, but with much fewer parameters and is more stable. Our results shed light on potential applications of two-dimensional tensor network models in machine learning.      
### 21.CVPR 2020 Continual Learning in Computer Vision Competition: Approaches, Results, Current Challenges and Future Directions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09929.pdf)
>  In the last few years, we have witnessed a renewed and fast-growing interest in continual learning with deep neural networks with the shared objective of making current AI systems more adaptive, efficient and autonomous. However, despite the significant and undoubted progress of the field in addressing the issue of catastrophic forgetting, benchmarking different continual learning approaches is a difficult task by itself. In fact, given the proliferation of different settings, training and evaluation protocols, metrics and nomenclature, it is often tricky to properly characterize a continual learning algorithm, relate it to other solutions and gauge its real-world applicability. The first Continual Learning in Computer Vision challenge held at CVPR in 2020 has been one of the first opportunities to evaluate different continual learning algorithms on a common hardware with a large set of shared evaluation metrics and 3 different settings based on the realistic CORe50 video benchmark. In this paper, we report the main results of the competition, which counted more than 79 teams registered, 11 finalists and 2300$ in prizes. We also summarize the winning approaches, current challenges and future research directions.      
### 22.Deep Neural Network Approach for Annual Luminance Simulations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09928.pdf)
>  Annual luminance maps provide meaningful evaluations for occupants' visual comfort, preferences, and perception. However, acquiring long-term luminance maps require labor-intensive and time-consuming simulations or impracticable long-term field measurements. This paper presents a novel data-driven machine learning approach that makes annual luminance-based evaluations more efficient and accessible. The methodology is based on predicting the annual luminance maps from a limited number of point-in-time high dynamic range imagery by utilizing a deep neural network (DNN). Panoramic views are utilized, as they can be post-processed to study multiple view directions. The proposed DNN model can faithfully predict high-quality annual panoramic luminance maps from one of the three options within 30 minutes training time: a) point-in-time luminance imagery spanning 5% of the year, when evenly distributed during daylight hours, b) one-month hourly imagery generated or collected continuously during daylight hours around the equinoxes (8% of the year); or c) 9 days of hourly data collected around the spring equinox, summer and winter solstices (2.5% of the year) all suffice to predict the luminance maps for the rest of the year. The DNN predicted high-quality panoramas are validated against Radiance (RPICT) renderings using a series of quantitative and qualitative metrics. The most efficient predictions are achieved with 9 days of hourly data collected around the spring equinox, summer and winter solstices. The results clearly show that practitioners and researchers can efficiently incorporate long-term luminance-based metrics over multiple view directions into the design and research processes using the proposed DNN workflow.      
### 23.Cross-Modal Alignment with Mixture Experts Neural Network for Intral-City Retail Recommendation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09926.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce Cross-modal Alignment with mixture experts Neural Network (CameNN) recommendation model for intral-city retail industry, which aims to provide fresh foods and groceries retailing within 5 hours delivery service arising for the outbreak of Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic around the world. We propose CameNN, which is a multi-task model with three tasks including Image to Text Alignment (ITA) task, Text to Image Alignment (TIA) task and CVR prediction task. We use pre-trained BERT to generate the text embedding and pre-trained InceptionV4 to generate image patch embedding (each image is split into small patches with the same pixels and treat each patch as an image token). Softmax gating networks follow to learn the weight of each transformer expert output and choose only a subset of experts conditioned on the input. Then transformer encoder is applied as the share-bottom layer to learn all input features' shared interaction. Next, mixture of transformer experts (MoE) layer is implemented to model different aspects of tasks. At top of the MoE layer, we deploy a transformer layer for each task as task tower to learn task-specific information. On the real word intra-city dataset, experiments demonstrate CameNN outperform baselines and achieve significant improvements on the image and text representation. In practice, we applied CameNN on CVR prediction in our intra-city recommender system which is one of the leading intra-city platforms operated in China.      
### 24.Multi-species Seagrass Detection and Classification from Underwater Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09924.pdf)
>  Underwater surveys conducted using divers or robots equipped with customized camera payloads can generate a large number of images. Manual review of these images to extract ecological data is prohibitive in terms of time and cost, thus providing strong incentive to automate this process using machine learning solutions. In this paper, we introduce a multi-species detector and classifier for seagrasses based on a deep convolutional neural network (achieved an overall accuracy of 92.4%). We also introduce a simple method to semi-automatically label image patches and therefore minimize manual labelling requirement. We describe and release publicly the dataset collected in this study as well as the code and pre-trained models to replicate our experiments at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/csiro-robotics/deepseagrass" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 25.Beyond Identity: What Information Is Stored in Biometric Face Templates?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09918.pdf)
>  Deeply-learned face representations enable the success of current face recognition systems. Despite the ability of these representations to encode the identity of an individual, recent works have shown that more information is stored within, such as demographics, image characteristics, and social traits. This threatens the user's privacy, since for many applications these templates are expected to be solely used for recognition purposes. Knowing the encoded information in face templates helps to develop bias-mitigating and privacy-preserving face recognition technologies. This work aims to support the development of these two branches by analysing face templates regarding 113 attributes. Experiments were conducted on two publicly available face embeddings. For evaluating the predictability of the attributes, we trained a massive attribute classifier that is additionally able to accurately state its prediction confidence. This allows us to make more sophisticated statements about the attribute predictability. The results demonstrate that up to 74 attributes can be accurately predicted from face templates. Especially non-permanent attributes, such as age, hairstyles, haircolors, beards, and various accessories, found to be easily-predictable. Since face recognition systems aim to be robust against these variations, future research might build on this work to develop more understandable privacy preserving solutions and build robust and fair face templates.      
### 26.A Deep Neural Network Tool for Automatic Segmentation of Human Body Parts in Natural Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09900.pdf)
>  This short article describes a deep neural network trained to perform automatic segmentation of human body parts in natural scenes. More specifically, we trained a Bayesian SegNet with concrete dropout on the Pascal-Parts dataset to predict whether each pixel in a given frame was part of a person's hair, head, ear, eyebrows, legs, arms, mouth, neck, nose, or torso.      
### 27.Clustering COVID-19 Lung Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09899.pdf)
>  With the recent outbreak of COVID-19, creating a means to stop it's spread and eventually develop a vaccine are the most important and challenging tasks that the scientific community is facing right now. The first step towards these goals is to correctly identify a patient that is infected with the virus. Our group applied an unsupervised machine learning technique to identify COVID-19 cases. This is an important topic as COVID-19 is a novel disease currently being studied in detail and our methodology has the potential to reveal important differences between it and other viral pneumonia. This could then, in turn, enable doctors to more confidently help each patient. Our experiments utilize Principal Component Analysis (PCA), t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE), and the recently developed Robust Continuous Clustering algorithm (RCC). We display the performance of RCC in identifying COVID-19 patients and its ability to compete with other unsupervised algorithms, namely K-Means++ (KM++). Using a COVID-19 Radiography dataset, we found that RCC outperformed KM++; we used the Adjusted Mutual Information Score (AMI) in order to measure the effectiveness of both algorithms. The AMI for the two and three class cases of KM++ were 0.0250 and 0.054, respectively. In comparison, RCC scored 0.5044 in the two class case and 0.267 in the three class case, clearly showing RCC as the superior algorithm. This not only opens new possible applications of RCC, but it could potentially aid in the creation of a new tool for COVID-19 identification.      
### 28.Efficient Computation of Higher Order 2D Image Moments using the Discrete Radon Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09898.pdf)
>  Geometric moments and moment invariants of image artifacts have many uses in computer vision applications, e.g. shape classification or object position and orientation. Higher order moments are of interest to provide additional feature descriptors, to measure kurtosis or to resolve n-fold symmetry. This paper provides the method and practical application to extend an efficient algorithm, based on the Discrete Radon Transform, to generate moments greater than the 3rd order. The mathematical fundamentals are presented, followed by relevant implementation details. Results of scaling the algorithm based on image area and its computational comparison with a standard method demonstrate the efficacy of the approach.      
### 29.LiPo-LCD: Combining Lines and Points for Appearance-based Loop Closure Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09897.pdf)
>  Visual SLAM approaches typically depend on loop closure detection to correct the inconsistencies that may arise during the map and camera trajectory calculations, typically making use of point features for detecting and closing the existing loops. In low-textured scenarios, however, it is difficult to find enough point features and, hence, the performance of these solutions drops drastically. An alternative for human-made scenarios, due to their structural regularity, is the use of geometrical cues such as straight segments, frequently present within these environments. Under this context, in this paper we introduce LiPo-LCD, a novel appearance-based loop closure detection method that integrates lines and points. Adopting the idea of incremental Bag-of-Binary-Words schemes, we build separate BoW models for each feature, and use them to retrieve previously seen images using a late fusion strategy. Additionally, a simple but effective mechanism, based on the concept of island, groups similar images close in time to reduce the image candidate search effort. A final step validates geometrically the loop candidates by incorporating the detected lines by means of a process comprising a line feature matching stage, followed by a robust spatial verification stage, now combining both lines and points. As it is reported in the paper, LiPo-LCD compares well with several state-of-the-art solutions for a number of datasets involving different environmental conditions.      
### 30.Decontextualized learning for interpretable hierarchical representations of visual patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09893.pdf)
>  Apart from discriminative models for classification and object detection tasks, the application of deep convolutional neural networks to basic research utilizing natural imaging data has been somewhat limited; particularly in cases where a set of interpretable features for downstream analysis is needed, a key requirement for many scientific investigations. We present an algorithm and training paradigm designed specifically to address this: decontextualized hierarchical representation learning (DHRL). By combining a generative model chaining procedure with a ladder network architecture and latent space regularization for inference, DHRL address the limitations of small datasets and encourages a disentangled set of hierarchically organized features. In addition to providing a tractable path for analyzing complex hierarchal patterns using variation inference, this approach is generative and can be directly combined with empirical and theoretical approaches. To highlight the extensibility and usefulness of DHRL, we demonstrate this method in application to a question from evolutionary biology.      
### 31.Haar Wavelet based Block Autoregressive Flows for Trajectories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09878.pdf)
>  Prediction of trajectories such as that of pedestrians is crucial to the performance of autonomous agents. While previous works have leveraged conditional generative models like GANs and VAEs for learning the likely future trajectories, accurately modeling the dependency structure of these multimodal distributions, particularly over long time horizons remains challenging. Normalizing flow based generative models can model complex distributions admitting exact inference. These include variants with split coupling invertible transformations that are easier to parallelize compared to their autoregressive counterparts. To this end, we introduce a novel Haar wavelet based block autoregressive model leveraging split couplings, conditioned on coarse trajectories obtained from Haar wavelet based transformations at different levels of granularity. This yields an exact inference method that models trajectories at different spatio-temporal resolutions in a hierarchical manner. We illustrate the advantages of our approach for generating diverse and accurate trajectories on two real-world datasets - Stanford Drone and Intersection Drone.      
### 32.DeepActsNet: Spatial and Motion features from Face, Hands, and Body Combined with Convolutional and Graph Networks for Improved Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09818.pdf)
>  Existing action recognition methods mainly focus on joint and bone information in human body skeleton data due to its robustness to complex backgrounds and dynamic characteristics of the environments. In this paper, we combine body skeleton data with spatial and motion information from face and two hands, and present Deep Action Stamps (DeepActs), a novel data representation to encode actions from video sequences. We also present DeepActsNet, a deep learning based model with modality-specific Convolutional and Graph sub-networks for highly accurate action recognition based on Deep Action Stamps. Experiments on three challenging action recognition datasets (NTU60, NTU120, and SYSU) show that DeepActs produce considerable improvements in the recognition performance of standard convolutional and graph networks. Experiments also show that the fusion of modality-specific convolutional and structural features learnt by our DeepActsNet yields consistent improvements in action recognition accuracy over the state-of-the-art on the target datasets.      
### 33.Multi-Modal Reasoning Graph for Scene-Text Based Fine-Grained Image Classification and Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09809.pdf)
>  Scene text instances found in natural images carry explicit semantic information that can provide important cues to solve a wide array of computer vision problems. In this paper, we focus on leveraging multi-modal content in the form of visual and textual cues to tackle the task of fine-grained image classification and retrieval. First, we obtain the text instances from images by employing a text reading system. Then, we combine textual features with salient image regions to exploit the complementary information carried by the two sources. Specifically, we employ a Graph Convolutional Network to perform multi-modal reasoning and obtain relationship-enhanced features by learning a common semantic space between salient objects and text found in an image. By obtaining an enhanced set of visual and textual features, the proposed model greatly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art in two different tasks, fine-grained classification and image retrieval in the Con-Text and Drink Bottle datasets.      
### 34.Generating Adversarial yet Inconspicuous Patches with a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09774.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been shown vulnerable toadversarial patches, where exotic patterns can resultin models wrong prediction. Nevertheless, existing ap-proaches to adversarial patch generation hardly con-sider the contextual consistency between patches andthe image background, causing such patches to be eas-ily detected and adversarial attacks to fail. On the otherhand, these methods require a large amount of data fortraining, which is computationally expensive. To over-come these challenges, we propose an approach to gen-erate adversarial yet inconspicuous patches with onesingle image. In our approach, adversarial patches areproduced in a coarse-to-fine way with multiple scalesof generators and discriminators. Contextual informa-tion is encoded during the Min-Max training to makepatches consistent with surroundings. The selection ofpatch location is based on the perceptual sensitivity ofvictim models. Through extensive experiments, our ap-proach shows strong attacking ability in both the white-box and black-box setting. Experiments on saliency de-tection and user evaluation indicate that our adversar-ial patches can evade human observations, demonstratethe inconspicuousness of our approach. Lastly, we showthat our approach preserves the attack ability in thephysical world.      
### 35.Conditional Automated Channel Pruning for Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09724.pdf)
>  Model compression aims to reduce the redundancy of deep networks to obtain compact models. Recently, channel pruning has become one of the predominant compression methods to deploy deep models on resource-constrained devices. Most channel pruning methods often use a fixed compression rate for all the layers of the model, which, however, may not be optimal. To address this issue, given a target compression rate for the whole model, one can search for the optimal compression rate for each layer. Nevertheless, these methods perform channel pruning for a specific target compression rate. When we consider multiple compression rates, they have to repeat the channel pruning process multiple times, which is very inefficient yet unnecessary. To address this issue, we propose a Conditional Automated Channel Pruning(CACP) method to obtain the compressed models with different compression rates through single channel pruning process. To this end, we develop a conditional model that takes an arbitrary compression rate as input and outputs the corresponding compressed model. In the experiments, the resultant models with different compression rates consistently outperform the models compressed by existing methods with a channel pruning process for each target compression rate.      
### 36.MFIF-GAN: A New Generative Adversarial Network for Multi-Focus Image Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09718.pdf)
>  Multi-Focus Image Fusion (MFIF) is one of the promising techniques to obtain all-in-focus images to meet people's visual needs and it is a precondition of other computer vision tasks. One of the research trends of MFIF is to solve the defocus spread effect (DSE) around the focus/defocus boundary (FDB). In this paper, we present a novel generative adversarial network termed MFIF-GAN to translate multi-focus images into focus maps and to get the all-in-focus images further. The Squeeze and Excitation Residual Network (SE-ResNet) module as an attention mechanism is employed in the network. During the training, we propose reconstruction and gradient regularization loss functions to guarantee the accuracy of generated focus maps. In addition, by combining the prior knowledge of training conditon, this network is trained on a synthetic dataset with DSE by an {\alpha}-matte model. A series of experimental results demonstrate that the MFIF-GAN is superior to several representative state-of-the-art (SOTA) algorithms in visual perception, quantitative analysis as well as efficiency.      
### 37.The High-Quality Wide Multi-Channel Attack (HQ-WMCA) database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09703.pdf)
>  The High-Quality Wide Multi-Channel Attack database (HQ-WMCA) database extends the previous Wide Multi-Channel Attack database(WMCA), with more channels including color, depth, thermal, infrared (spectra), and short-wave infrared (spectra), and also a wide variety of attacks.      
### 38.Batch Coherence-Driven Network for Part-aware Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09692.pdf)
>  Existing part-aware person re-identification methods typically employ two separate steps: namely, body part detection and part-level feature extraction. However, part detection introduces an additional computational cost and is inherently challenging for low-quality images. Accordingly, in this work, we propose a simple framework named Batch Coherence-Driven Network (BCD-Net) that bypasses body part detection during both the training and testing phases while still learning semantically aligned part features. Our key observation is that the statistics in a batch of images are stable, and therefore that batch-level constraints are robust. First, we introduce a batch coherence-guided channel attention (BCCA) module that highlights the relevant channels for each respective part from the output of a deep backbone model. We investigate channelpart correspondence using a batch of training images, then impose a novel batch-level supervision signal that helps BCCA to identify part-relevant channels. Second, the mean position of a body part is robust and consequently coherent between batches throughout the training process. Accordingly, we introduce a pair of regularization terms based on the semantic consistency between batches. The first term regularizes the high responses of BCD-Net for each part on one batch in order to constrain it within a predefined area, while the second encourages the aggregate of BCD-Nets responses for all parts covering the entire human body. The above constraints guide BCD-Net to learn diverse, complementary, and semantically aligned part-level features. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that BCDNet consistently achieves state-of-the-art performance on four large-scale ReID benchmarks.      
### 39.Feed-Forward On-Edge Fine-tuning Using Static Synthetic Gradient Modules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09675.pdf)
>  Training deep learning models on embedded devices is typically avoided since this requires more memory, computation and power over inference. In this work, we focus on lowering the amount of memory needed for storing all activations, which are required during the backward pass to compute the gradients. Instead, during the forward pass, static Synthetic Gradient Modules (SGMs) predict gradients for each layer. This allows training the model in a feed-forward manner without having to store all activations. We tested our method on a robot grasping scenario where a robot needs to learn to grasp new objects given only a single demonstration. By first training the SGMs in a meta-learning manner on a set of common objects, during fine-tuning, the SGMs provided the model with accurate gradients to successfully learn to grasp new objects. We have shown that our method has comparable results to using standard backpropagation.      
### 40.Discriminative Segmentation Tracking Using Dual Memory Banks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09669.pdf)
>  Existing template-based trackers usually localize the target in each frame with bounding box, thereby being limited in learning pixel-wise representation and handling complex and non-rigid transformation of the target. Further, existing segmentation tracking methods are still insufficient in modeling and exploiting dense correspondence of target pixels across frames. To overcome these limitations, this work presents a novel discriminative segmentation tracking architecture equipped with dual memory banks, i.e., appearance memory bank and spatial memory bank. In particular, the appearance memory bank utilizes spatial and temporal non-local similarity to propagate segmentation mask to the current frame, and we further treat discriminative correlation filter as spatial memory bank to store the mapping between feature map and spatial map. Without bells and whistles, our simple-yet-effective tracking architecture sets a new state-of-the-art on the VOT2016, VOT2018, VOT2019, GOT-10K and TrackingNet benchmarks, especially achieving the EAO of 0.535 and 0.506 respectively on VOT2016 and VOT2018. Moreover, our approach outperforms the leading segmentation tracker D3S on two video object segmentation benchmarks DAVIS16 and DAVIS17. The source code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/phiphiphi31/DMB" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Feature Flow: In-network Feature Flow Estimation for Video Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09660.pdf)
>  Optical flow, which expresses pixel displacement, is widely used in many computer vision tasks to provide pixel-level motion information. However, with the remarkable progress of the convolutional neural network, recent state-of-the-art approaches are proposed to solve problems directly on feature-level. Since the displacement of feature vector is not consistent to the pixel displacement, a common approach is to:forward optical flow to a neural network and fine-tune this network on the task dataset. With this method,they expect the fine-tuned network to produce tensors encoding feature-level motion information. In this paper, we rethink this de facto paradigm and analyze its drawbacks in the video object detection task. To mitigate these issues, we propose a novel network (IFF-Net) with an \textbf{I}n-network \textbf{F}eature \textbf{F}low estimation module (IFF module) for video object detection. Without resorting pre-training on any additional dataset, our IFF module is able to directly produce \textbf{feature flow} which indicates the feature displacement. Our IFF module consists of a shallow module, which shares the features with the detection branches. This compact design enables our IFF-Net to accurately detect objects, while maintaining a fast inference speed. Furthermore, we propose a transformation residual loss (TRL) based on \textit{self-supervision}, which further improves the performance of our IFF-Net. Our IFF-Net outperforms existing methods and sets a state-of-the-art performance on ImageNet VID.      
### 42.3D-FUTURE: 3D Furniture shape with TextURE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09633.pdf)
>  The 3D CAD shapes in current 3D benchmarks are mostly collected from online model repositories. Thus, they typically have insufficient geometric details and less informative textures, making them less attractive for comprehensive and subtle research in areas such as high-quality 3D mesh and texture recovery. This paper presents 3D Furniture shape with TextURE (3D-FUTURE): a richly-annotated and large-scale repository of 3D furniture shapes in the household scenario. At the time of this technical report, 3D-FUTURE contains 20,240 clean and realistic synthetic images of 5,000 different rooms. There are 9,992 unique detailed 3D instances of furniture with high-resolution textures. Experienced designers developed the room scenes, and the 3D CAD shapes in the scene are used for industrial production. Given the well-organized 3D-FUTURE, we provide baseline experiments on several widely studied tasks, such as joint 2D instance segmentation and 3D object pose estimation, image-based 3D shape retrieval, 3D object reconstruction from a single image, and texture recovery for 3D shapes, to facilitate related future researches on our database.      
### 43.Improving Ensemble Robustness by Collaboratively Promoting and Demoting Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09612.pdf)
>  Ensemble-based adversarial training is a principled approach to achieve robustness against adversarial attacks. An important technique of this approach is to control the transferability of adversarial examples among ensemble members. We propose in this work a simple yet effective strategy to collaborate among committee models of an ensemble model. This is achieved via the secure and insecure sets defined for each model member on a given sample, hence help us to quantify and regularize the transferability. Consequently, our proposed framework provides the flexibility to reduce the adversarial transferability as well as to promote the diversity of ensemble members, which are two crucial factors for better robustness in our ensemble approach. We conduct extensive and comprehensive experiments to demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art ensemble baselines, at the same time can detect a wide range of adversarial examples with a nearly perfect accuracy.      
### 44.A Novel Transferability Attention Neural Network Model for EEG Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09585.pdf)
>  The existed methods for electroencephalograph (EEG) emotion recognition always train the models based on all the EEG samples indistinguishably. However, some of the source (training) samples may lead to a negative influence because they are significant dissimilar with the target (test) samples. So it is necessary to give more attention to the EEG samples with strong transferability rather than forcefully training a classification model by all the samples. Furthermore, for an EEG sample, from the aspect of neuroscience, not all the brain regions of an EEG sample contains emotional information that can transferred to the test data effectively. Even some brain region data will make strong negative effect for learning the emotional classification model. Considering these two issues, in this paper, we propose a transferable attention neural network (TANN) for EEG emotion recognition, which learns the emotional discriminative information by highlighting the transferable EEG brain regions data and samples adaptively through local and global attention mechanism. This can be implemented by measuring the outputs of multiple brain-region-level discriminators and one single sample-level discriminator. We conduct the extensive experiments on three public EEG emotional datasets. The results validate that the proposed model achieves the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 45.Semi-supervised Semantic Segmentation of Organs at Risk on 3D Pelvic CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09571.pdf)
>  Automated segmentation of organs-at-risk in pelvic computed tomography (CT) images can assist the radiotherapy treatment planning by saving time and effort of manual contouring and reducing intra-observer and inter-observer variation. However, training high-performance deep-learning segmentation models usually requires broad labeled data, which are labor-intensive to collect. Lack of annotated data presents a significant challenge for many medical imaging-related deep learning solutions. This paper proposes a novel end-to-end convolutional neural network-based semi-supervised adversarial method that can segment multiple organs-at-risk, including prostate, bladder, rectum, left femur, and right femur. New design schemes are introduced to enhance the baseline residual U-net architecture to improve performance. Importantly, new unlabeled CT images are synthesized by a generative adversarial network (GAN) that is trained on given images to overcome the inherent problem of insufficient annotated data in practice. A semi-supervised adversarial strategy is then introduced to utilize labeled and unlabeled 3D CT images. The new method is evaluated on a dataset of 100 training cases and 20 testing cases. Experimental results, including four metrics (dice similarity coefficient, average Hausdorff distance, average surface Hausdorff distance, and relative volume difference), show that the new method outperforms several state-of-the-art segmentation approaches.      
### 46.SSCR: Iterative Language-Based Image Editing via Self-Supervised Counterfactual Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09566.pdf)
>  Iterative Language-Based Image Editing (IL-BIE) tasks follow iterative instructions to edit images step by step. Data scarcity is a significant issue for ILBIE as it is challenging to collect large-scale examples of images before and after instruction-based changes. However, humans still accomplish these editing tasks even when presented with an unfamiliar image-instruction pair. Such ability results from counterfactual thinking and the ability to think about alternatives to events that have happened already. In this paper, we introduce a Self-Supervised Counterfactual Reasoning (SSCR) framework that incorporates counterfactual thinking to overcome data scarcity. SSCR allows the model to consider out-of-distribution instructions paired with previous images. With the help of cross-task consistency (CTC), we train these counterfactual instructions in a self-supervised scenario. Extensive results show that SSCR improves the correctness of ILBIE in terms of both object identity and position, establishing a new state of the art (SOTA) on two IBLIE datasets (i-CLEVR and CoDraw). Even with only 50% of the training data, SSCR achieves a comparable result to using complete data.      
### 47.ES Attack: Model Stealing against Deep Neural Networks without Data Hurdles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09560.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have become the essential components for various commercialized machine learning services, such as Machine Learning as a Service (MLaaS). Recent studies show that machine learning services face severe privacy threats - well-trained DNNs owned by MLaaS providers can be stolen through public APIs, namely model stealing attacks. However, most existing works undervalued the impact of such attacks, where a successful attack has to acquire confidential training data or auxiliary data regarding the victim DNN. In this paper, we propose ES Attack, a novel model stealing attack without any data hurdles. By using heuristically generated synthetic data, ES Attackiteratively trains a substitute model and eventually achieves a functionally equivalent copy of the victim DNN. The experimental results reveal the severity of ES Attack: i) ES Attack successfully steals the victim model without data hurdles, and ES Attack even outperforms most existing model stealing attacks using auxiliary data in terms of model accuracy; ii) most countermeasures are ineffective in defending ES Attack; iii) ES Attack facilitates further attacks relying on the stolen model.      
### 48.PIE: Portrait Image Embedding for Semantic Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09485.pdf)
>  Editing of portrait images is a very popular and important research topic with a large variety of applications. For ease of use, control should be provided via a semantically meaningful parameterization that is akin to computer animation controls. The vast majority of existing techniques do not provide such intuitive and fine-grained control, or only enable coarse editing of a single isolated control parameter. Very recently, high-quality semantically controlled editing has been demonstrated, however only on synthetically created StyleGAN images. We present the first approach for embedding real portrait images in the latent space of StyleGAN, which allows for intuitive editing of the head pose, facial expression, and scene illumination in the image. Semantic editing in parameter space is achieved based on StyleRig, a pretrained neural network that maps the control space of a 3D morphable face model to the latent space of the GAN. We design a novel hierarchical non-linear optimization problem to obtain the embedding. An identity preservation energy term allows spatially coherent edits while maintaining facial integrity. Our approach runs at interactive frame rates and thus allows the user to explore the space of possible edits. We evaluate our approach on a wide set of portrait photos, compare it to the current state of the art, and validate the effectiveness of its components in an ablation study.      
### 49.Remote sensing image fusion based on Bayesian GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09465.pdf)
>  Remote sensing image fusion technology (pan-sharpening) is an important means to improve the information capacity of remote sensing images. Inspired by the efficient arameter space posteriori sampling of Bayesian neural networks, in this paper we propose a Bayesian Generative Adversarial Network based on Preconditioned Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics (PGSLD-BGAN) to improve pan-sharpening tasks. Unlike many traditional generative models that consider only one optimal solution (might be locally optimal), the proposed PGSLD-BGAN performs Bayesian inference on the network parameters, and explore the generator posteriori distribution, which assists selecting the appropriate generator parameters. First, we build a two-stream generator network with PAN and MS images as input, which consists of three parts: feature extraction, feature fusion and image reconstruction. Then, we leverage Markov discriminator to enhance the ability of generator to reconstruct the fusion image, so that the result image can retain more details. Finally, introducing Preconditioned Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics policy, we perform Bayesian inference on the generator network. Experiments on QuickBird and WorldView datasets show that the model proposed in this paper can effectively fuse PAN and MS images, and be competitive with even superior to state of the arts in terms of subjective and objective metrics.      
### 50.Implicit Feature Networks for Texture Completion from Partial 3D Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09458.pdf)
>  Prior work to infer 3D texture use either texture atlases, which require uv-mappings and hence have discontinuities, or colored voxels, which are memory inefficient and limited in resolution. Recent work, predicts RGB color at every XYZ coordinate forming a texture field, but focus on completing texture given a single 2D image. Instead, we focus on 3D texture and geometry completion from partial and incomplete 3D scans. IF-Nets have recently achieved state-of-the-art results on 3D geometry completion using a multi-scale deep feature encoding, but the outputs lack texture. In this work, we generalize IF-Nets to texture completion from partial textured scans of humans and arbitrary objects. Our key insight is that 3D texture completion benefits from incorporating local and global deep features extracted from both the 3D partial texture and completed geometry. Specifically, given the partial 3D texture and the 3D geometry completed with IF-Nets, our model successfully in-paints the missing texture parts in consistence with the completed geometry. Our model won the SHARP ECCV'20 challenge, achieving highest performance on all challenges.      
### 51.Knowledge-Guided Multi-Label Few-Shot Learning for General Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09450.pdf)
>  Recognizing multiple labels of an image is a practical yet challenging task, and remarkable progress has been achieved by searching for semantic regions and exploiting label dependencies. However, current works utilize RNN/LSTM to implicitly capture sequential region/label dependencies, which cannot fully explore mutual interactions among the semantic regions/labels and do not explicitly integrate label co-occurrences. In addition, these works require large amounts of training samples for each category, and they are unable to generalize to novel categories with limited samples. To address these issues, we propose a knowledge-guided graph routing (KGGR) framework, which unifies prior knowledge of statistical label correlations with deep neural networks. The framework exploits prior knowledge to guide adaptive information propagation among different categories to facilitate multi-label analysis and reduce the dependency of training samples. Specifically, it first builds a structured knowledge graph to correlate different labels based on statistical label co-occurrence. Then, it introduces the label semantics to guide learning semantic-specific features to initialize the graph, and it exploits a graph propagation network to explore graph node interactions, enabling learning contextualized image feature representations. Moreover, we initialize each graph node with the classifier weights for the corresponding label and apply another propagation network to transfer node messages through the graph. In this way, it can facilitate exploiting the information of correlated labels to help train better classifiers. We conduct extensive experiments on the traditional multi-label image recognition (MLR) and multi-label few-shot learning (ML-FSL) tasks and show that our KGGR framework outperforms the current state-of-the-art methods by sizable margins on the public benchmarks.      
### 52.Renovating Parsing R-CNN for Accurate Multiple Human Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09447.pdf)
>  Multiple human parsing aims to segment various human parts and associate each part with the corresponding instance simultaneously. This is a very challenging task due to the diverse human appearance, semantic ambiguity of different body parts, and complex background. Through analysis of multiple human parsing task, we observe that human-centric global perception and accurate instance-level parsing scoring are crucial for obtaining high-quality results. But the most state-of-the-art methods have not paid enough attention to these issues. To reverse this phenomenon, we present Renovating Parsing R-CNN (RP R-CNN), which introduces a global semantic enhanced feature pyramid network and a parsing re-scoring network into the existing high-performance pipeline. The proposed RP R-CNN adopts global semantic representation to enhance multi-scale features for generating human parsing maps, and regresses a confidence score to represent its quality. Extensive experiments show that RP R-CNN performs favorably against state-of-the-art methods on CIHP and MHP-v2 datasets. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/soeaver/RP-R-CNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Person Re-Identification through Source-Guided Pseudo-Labeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09445.pdf)
>  Person Re-Identification (re-ID) aims at retrieving images of the same person taken by different cameras. A challenge for re-ID is the performance preservation when a model is used on data of interest (target data) which belong to a different domain from the training data domain (source data). Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) is an interesting research direction for this challenge as it avoids a costly annotation of the target data. Pseudo-labeling methods achieve the best results in UDA-based re-ID. Surprisingly, labeled source data are discarded after this initialization step. However, we believe that pseudo-labeling could further leverage the labeled source data in order to improve the post-initialization training steps. In order to improve robustness against erroneous pseudo-labels, we advocate the exploitation of both labeled source data and pseudo-labeled target data during all training iterations. To support our guideline, we introduce a framework which relies on a two-branch architecture optimizing classification and triplet loss based metric learning in source and target domains, respectively, in order to allow \emph{adaptability to the target domain} while ensuring \emph{robustness to noisy pseudo-labels}. Indeed, shared low and mid-level parameters benefit from the source classification and triplet loss signal while high-level parameters of the target branch learn domain-specific features. Our method is simple enough to be easily combined with existing pseudo-labeling UDA approaches. We show experimentally that it is efficient and improves performance when the base method has no mechanism to deal with pseudo-label noise or for hard adaptation tasks. Our approach reaches state-of-the-art performance when evaluated on commonly used datasets, Market-1501 and DukeMTMC-reID, and outperforms the state of the art when targeting the bigger and more challenging dataset MSMT.      
### 54.ContourCNN: convolutional neural network for contour data classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09412.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel Convolutional Neural Network model for contour data analysis (ContourCNN) and shape classification. A contour is a circular sequence of points representing a closed shape. For handling with the cyclical property of the contour representation, we employ circular convolution layers. Contours are often represented sparsely. To address information sparsity, we introduce priority pooling layers that select features based on their magnitudes. Priority pooling layers pool features with low magnitudes while leaving the rest unchanged. We evaluated the proposed model using letters and digits shapes extracted from the EMNIST dataset and obtained a high classification accuracy.      
### 55.MARS: Mixed Virtual and Real Wearable Sensors for Human Activity Recognition with Multi-Domain Deep Learning Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09404.pdf)
>  Human activity recognition (HAR) using wearable Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) sensors is a promising technology for many research areas. Recently, deep learning-based methods pave a new way of understanding and performing analysis of the complex data in the HAR system. However, the performance of these methods is mostly based on the quality and quantity of the collected data. In this paper, we innovatively propose to build a large database based on virtual IMUs and then address technical issues by introducing a multiple-domain deep learning framework consisting of three technical parts. In the first part, we propose to learn the single-frame human activity from the noisy IMU data with hybrid convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in the semi-supervised form. For the second part, the extracted data features are fused according to the principle of uncertainty-aware consistency, which reduces the uncertainty by weighting the importance of the features. The transfer learning is performed in the last part based on the newly released Archive of Motion Capture as Surface Shapes (AMASS) dataset, containing abundant synthetic human poses, which enhances the variety and diversity of the training dataset and is beneficial for the process of training and feature transfer in the proposed method. The efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed method have been demonstrated in the real deep inertial poser (DIP) dataset. The experimental results show that the proposed methods can surprisingly converge within a few iterations and outperform all competing methods.      
### 56.DVG-Face: Dual Variational Generation for Heterogeneous Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09399.pdf)
>  Heterogeneous Face Recognition (HFR) refers to matching cross-domain faces, playing a crucial role in public security. Nevertheless, HFR is confronted with the challenges from large domain discrepancy and insufficient heterogeneous data. In this paper, we formulate HFR as a dual generation problem, and tackle it via a novel Dual Variational Generation (DVG-Face) framework. Specifically, a dual variational generator is elaborately designed to learn the joint distribution of paired heterogeneous images. However, the small-scale paired heterogeneous training data may limit the identity diversity of sampling. With this in mind, we propose to integrate abundant identity information of large-scale VIS images into the joint distribution. Furthermore, a pairwise identity preserving loss is imposed on the generated paired heterogeneous images to ensure their identity consistency. As a consequence, massive new diverse paired heterogeneous images with the same identity can be generated from noises. The identity consistency and diversity properties allow us to employ these generated images to train the HFR network via a contrastive learning mechanism, yielding both domain invariant and discriminative embedding features. Concretely, the generated paired heterogeneous images are regarded as positive pairs, and the images obtained from different samplings are considered as negative pairs. Our method achieves superior performances over state-of-the-art methods on seven databases belonging to five HFR tasks, including NIR-VIS, Sketch-Photo, Profile-Frontal Photo, Thermal-VIS, and ID-Camera. The related code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BradyFU" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.Transform Domain Pyramidal Dilated Convolution Networks For Restoration of Under Display Camera Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09393.pdf)
>  Under-display camera (UDC) is a novel technology that can make digital imaging experience in handheld devices seamless by providing large screen-to-body ratio. UDC images are severely degraded owing to their positioning under a display screen. This work addresses the restoration of images degraded as a result of UDC imaging. Two different networks are proposed for the restoration of images taken with two types of UDC technologies. The first method uses a pyramidal dilated convolution within a wavelet decomposed convolutional neural network for pentile-organic LED (P-OLED) based display system. The second method employs pyramidal dilated convolution within a discrete cosine transform based dual domain network to restore images taken using a transparent-organic LED (T-OLED) based UDC system. The first method produced very good quality restored images and was the winning entry in European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV) 2020 challenge on image restoration for Under-display Camera - Track 2 - P-OLED evaluated based on PSNR and SSIM. The second method scored fourth position in Track-1 (T-OLED) of the challenge evaluated based on the same metrics.      
### 58.Real-time Lane detection and Motion Planning in Raspberry Pi and Arduino for an Autonomous Vehicle Prototype  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09391.pdf)
>  This paper discusses a vehicle prototype that recognizes streets' lanes and plans its motion accordingly without any human input. Pi Camera 1.3 captures real-time video, which is then processed by Raspberry-Pi 3.0 Model B. The image processing algorithms are written in Python 3.7.4 with OpenCV 4.2. Arduino Uno is utilized to control the PID algorithm that controls the motor controller, which in turn controls the wheels. Algorithms that are used to detect the lanes are the Canny edge detection algorithm and Hough transformation. Elementary algebra is used to draw the detected lanes. After detection, the lanes are tracked using the Kalman filter prediction method. Then the midpoint of the two lanes is found, which is the initial steering direction. This initial steering direction is further smoothed by using the Past Accumulation Average Method and Kalman Filter Prediction Method. The prototype was tested in a controlled environment in real-time. Results from comprehensive testing suggest that this prototype can detect road lanes and plan its motion successfully.      
### 59.Deriving Visual Semantics from Spatial Context: An Adaptation of LSA and Word2Vec to generate Object and Scene Embeddings from Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09384.pdf)
>  Embeddings are an important tool for the representation of word meaning. Their effectiveness rests on the distributional hypothesis: words that occur in the same context carry similar semantic information. Here, we adapt this approach to index visual semantics in images of scenes. To this end, we formulate a distributional hypothesis for objects and scenes: Scenes that contain the same objects (object context) are semantically related. Similarly, objects that appear in the same spatial context (within a scene or subregions of a scene) are semantically related. We develop two approaches for learning object and scene embeddings from annotated images. In the first approach, we adapt LSA and Word2vec's Skipgram and CBOW models to generate two sets of embeddings from object co-occurrences in whole images, one for objects and one for scenes. The representational space spanned by these embeddings suggests that the distributional hypothesis holds for images. In an initial application of this approach, we show that our image-based embeddings improve scene classification models such as ResNet18 and VGG-11 (3.72\% improvement on Top5 accuracy, 4.56\% improvement on Top1 accuracy). In the second approach, rather than analyzing whole images of scenes, we focus on co-occurrences of objects within subregions of an image. We illustrate that this method yields a sensible hierarchical decomposition of a scene into collections of semantically related objects. Overall, these results suggest that object and scene embeddings from object co-occurrences and spatial context yield semantically meaningful representations as well as computational improvements for downstream applications such as scene classification.      
### 60.$pi_t$- Enhancing the Precision of Eye Tracking using Iris Feature Motion Vectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09348.pdf)
>  A new high-precision eye-tracking method has been demonstrated recently by tracking the motion of iris features rather than by exploiting pupil edges. While the method provides high precision, it suffers from temporal drift, an inability to track across blinks, and loss of texture matches in the presence of motion blur. In this work, we present a new methodology $pi_t$ to address these issues by optimally combining the information from both iris textures and pupil edges. With this method, we show an improvement in precision (S2S-RMS &amp; STD) of at least 48% and 10% respectively while fixating a series of small targets and following a smoothly moving target. Further, we demonstrate the capability in the identification of microsaccades between targets separated by 0.2-degree.      
### 61.Predicting Geographic Information with Neural Cellular Automata  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09347.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel framework using neural cellular automata (NCA) to regenerate and predict geographic information. The model extends the idea of using NCA to generate/regenerate a specific image by training the model with various geographic data, and thus, taking the traffic condition map as an example, the model is able to predict traffic conditions by giving certain induction information. Our research verified the analogy between NCA and gene in biology, while the innovation of the model significantly widens the boundary of possible applications based on NCAs. From our experimental results, the model shows great potentials in its usability and versatility which are not available in previous studies. The code for model implementation is available at https://redacted.      
### 62.Dual-path CNN with Max Gated block for Text-Based Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09343.pdf)
>  Text-based person re-identification(Re-id) is an important task in video surveillance, which consists of retrieving the corresponding person's image given a textual description from a large gallery of images. It is difficult to directly match visual contents with the textual descriptions due to the modality heterogeneity. On the one hand, the textual embeddings are not discriminative enough, which originates from the high abstraction of the textual descriptions. One the other hand,Global average pooling (GAP) is commonly utilized to extract more general or smoothed features implicitly but ignores salient local features, which are more important for the cross-modal matching problem. With that in mind, a novel Dual-path CNN with Max Gated block (DCMG) is proposed to extract discriminative word embeddings and make visual-textual association concern more on remarkable features of both modalities. The proposed framework is based on two deep residual CNNs jointly optimized with cross-modal projection matching (CMPM) loss and cross-modal projection classification (CMPC) loss to embed the two modalities into a joint feature space. First, the pre-trained language model, BERT, is combined with the convolutional neural network (CNN) to learn better word embeddings in the text-to-image matching domain. Second, the global Max pooling (GMP) layer is applied to make the visual-textual features focus more on the salient part. To further alleviate the noise of the maxed-pooled features, the gated block (GB) is proposed to produce an attention map that focuses on meaningful features of both modalities. Finally, extensive experiments are conducted on the benchmark dataset, CUHK-PEDES, in which our approach achieves the rank-1 score of 55.81% and outperforms the state-of-the-art method by 1.3%.      
### 63.Factorized Deep Generative Models for Trajectory Generation with Spatiotemporal-Validity Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09333.pdf)
>  Trajectory data generation is an important domain that characterizes the generative process of mobility data. Traditional methods heavily rely on predefined heuristics and distributions and are weak in learning unknown mechanisms. Inspired by the success of deep generative neural networks for images and texts, a fast-developing research topic is deep generative models for trajectory data which can learn expressively explanatory models for sophisticated latent patterns. This is a nascent yet promising domain for many applications. We first propose novel deep generative models factorizing time-variant and time-invariant latent variables that characterize global and local semantics, respectively. We then develop new inference strategies based on variational inference and constrained optimization to encapsulate the spatiotemporal validity. New deep neural network architectures have been developed to implement the inference and generation models with newly-generalized latent variable priors. The proposed methods achieved significant improvements in quantitative and qualitative evaluations in extensive experiments.      
### 64.High-Resolution Augmentation for Automatic Template-Based Matching of Human Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09312.pdf)
>  We propose a new approach for 3D shape matching of deformable human shapes. Our approach is based on the joint adoption of three different tools: an intrinsic spectral matching pipeline, a morphable model, and an extrinsic details refinement. By operating in conjunction, these tools allow us to greatly improve the quality of the matching while at the same time resolving the key issues exhibited by each tool individually. In this paper we present an innovative High-Resolution Augmentation (HRA) strategy that enables highly accurate correspondence even in the presence of significant mesh resolution mismatch between the input shapes. This augmentation provides an effective workaround for the resolution limitations imposed by the adopted morphable model. The HRA in its global and localized versions represents a novel refinement strategy for surface subdivision methods. We demonstrate the accuracy of the proposed pipeline on multiple challenging benchmarks, and showcase its effectiveness in surface registration and texture transfer.      
### 65.Features based Mammogram Image Classification using Weighted Feature Support Vector Machine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09300.pdf)
>  In the existing research of mammogram image classification, either clinical data or image features of a specific type is considered along with the supervised classifiers such as Neural Network (NN) and Support Vector Machine (SVM). This paper considers automated classification of breast tissue type as benign or malignant using Weighted Feature Support Vector Machine (WFSVM) through constructing the precomputed kernel function by assigning more weight to relevant features using the principle of maximizing deviations. Initially, MIAS dataset of mammogram images is divided into training and test set, then the preprocessing techniques such as noise removal and background removal are applied to the input images and the Region of Interest (ROI) is identified. The statistical features and texture features are extracted from the ROI and the clinical features are obtained directly from the dataset. The extracted features of the training dataset are used to construct the weighted features and precomputed linear kernel for training the WFSVM, from which the training model file is created. Using this model file the kernel matrix of test samples is classified as benign or malignant. This analysis shows that the texture features have resulted in better accuracy than the other features with WFSVM and SVM. However, the number of support vectors created in WFSVM is less than the SVM classifier.      
### 66.Adversarial Consistent Learning on Partial Domain Adaptation of PlantCLEF 2020 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09289.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation is one of the most crucial techniques to mitigate the domain shift problem, which exists when transferring knowledge from an abundant labeled sourced domain to a target domain with few or no labels. Partial domain adaptation addresses the scenario when target categories are only a subset of source categories. In this paper, to enable the efficient representation of cross-domain plant images, we first extract deep features from pre-trained models and then develop adversarial consistent learning ($ACL$) in a unified deep architecture for partial domain adaptation. It consists of source domain classification loss, adversarial learning loss, and feature consistency loss. Adversarial learning loss can maintain domain-invariant features between the source and target domains. Moreover, feature consistency loss can preserve the fine-grained feature transition between two domains. We also find the shared categories of two domains via down-weighting the irrelevant categories in the source domain. Experimental results demonstrate that training features from NASNetLarge model with proposed $ACL$ architecture yields promising results on the PlantCLEF 2020 Challenge.      
### 67.Subverting Privacy-Preserving GANs: Hiding Secrets in Sanitized Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09283.pdf)
>  Unprecedented data collection and sharing have exacerbated privacy concerns and led to increasing interest in privacy-preserving tools that remove sensitive attributes from images while maintaining useful information for other tasks. Currently, state-of-the-art approaches use privacy-preserving generative adversarial networks (PP-GANs) for this purpose, for instance, to enable reliable facial expression recognition without leaking users' identity. However, PP-GANs do not offer formal proofs of privacy and instead rely on experimentally measuring information leakage using classification accuracy on the sensitive attributes of deep learning (DL)-based discriminators. In this work, we question the rigor of such checks by subverting existing privacy-preserving GANs for facial expression recognition. We show that it is possible to hide the sensitive identification data in the sanitized output images of such PP-GANs for later extraction, which can even allow for reconstruction of the entire input images, while satisfying privacy checks. We demonstrate our approach via a PP-GAN-based architecture and provide qualitative and quantitative evaluations using two public datasets. Our experimental results raise fundamental questions about the need for more rigorous privacy checks of PP-GANs, and we provide insights into the social impact of these.      
### 68.Making Images Undiscoverable from Co-Saliency Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09258.pdf)
>  In recent years, co-saliency object detection (CoSOD) has achieved significant progress and played a key role in the retrieval-related tasks, e.g., image retrieval and video foreground detection. Nevertheless, it also inevitably posts a totally new safety and security problem, i.e., how to prevent high-profile and personal-sensitive contents from being extracted by the powerful CoSOD methods. In this paper, we address this problem from the perspective of adversarial attack and identify a novel task, i.e., adversarial co-saliency attack: given an image selected from an image group containing some common and salient objects, how to generate an adversarial version that can mislead CoSOD methods to predict incorrect co-salient regions. Note that, compared with general adversarial attacks for classification, this new task introduces two extra challenges for existing whitebox adversarial noise attacks: (1) low success rate due to the diverse appearance of images in the image group; (2) low transferability across CoSOD methods due to the considerable difference between CoSOD pipelines. To address these challenges, we propose the very first blackbox joint adversarial exposure &amp; noise attack (Jadena) where we jointly and locally tune the exposure and additive perturbations of the image according to a newly designed high-feature-level contrast-sensitive loss function. Our method, without any information of the state-of-the-art CoSOD methods, leads to significant performance degradation on various co-saliency detection datasets and make the co-salient objects undetectable, which can be strongly practical in nowadays where large-scale personal photos are shared on the internet and should be properly and securely preserved.      
### 69.City-Scale Visual Place Recognition with Deep Local Features Based on Multi-Scale Ordered VLAD Pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09255.pdf)
>  Visual place recognition is the task of recognizing a place depicted in an image based on its pure visual appearance without metadata. In visual place recognition, the challenges lie upon not only the changes in lighting conditions, camera viewpoint, and scale, but also the characteristic of scene level images and the distinct features of the area. To resolve these challenges, one must consider both the local discriminativeness and the global semantic context of images. On the other hand, the diversity of the datasets is also particularly important to develop more general models and advance the progress of the field. In this paper, we present a fully-automated system for place recognition at a city-scale based on content-based image retrieval. Our main contributions to the community lie in three aspects. Firstly, we take a comprehensive analysis of visual place recognition and sketch out the unique challenges of the task compared to general image retrieval tasks. Next, we propose yet a simple pooling approach on top of convolutional neural network activations to embed the spatial information into the image representation vector. Finally, we introduce new datasets for place recognition, which are particularly essential for application-based research. Furthermore, throughout extensive experiments, various issues in both image retrieval and place recognition are analyzed and discussed to give some insights for improving the performance of retrieval models in reality.      
### 70.EfficientDeRain: Learning Pixel-wise Dilation Filtering for High-Efficiency Single-Image Deraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09238.pdf)
>  Single-image deraining is rather challenging due to the unknown rain model. Existing methods often make specific assumptions of the rain model, which can hardly cover many diverse circumstances in the real world, making them have to employ complex optimization or progressive refinement. This, however, significantly affects these methods' efficiency and effectiveness for many efficiency-critical applications. To fill this gap, in this paper, we regard the single-image deraining as a general image-enhancing problem and originally propose a model-free deraining method, i.e., EfficientDeRain, which is able to process a rainy image within 10~ms (i.e., around 6~ms on average), over 80 times faster than the state-of-the-art method (i.e., RCDNet), while achieving similar de-rain effects. We first propose the novel pixel-wise dilation filtering. In particular, a rainy image is filtered with the pixel-wise kernels estimated from a kernel prediction network, by which suitable multi-scale kernels for each pixel can be efficiently predicted. Then, to eliminate the gap between synthetic and real data, we further propose an effective data augmentation method (i.e., RainMix) that helps to train network for real rainy image handling.We perform comprehensive evaluation on both synthetic and real-world rainy datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our method. We release the model and code in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tsingqguo/efficientderain.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 71.AAA: Adaptive Aggregation of Arbitrary Online Trackers with Theoretical Performance Guarantee  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09237.pdf)
>  For visual object tracking, it is difficult to realize an almighty online tracker due to the huge variations of target appearance depending on an image sequence. This paper proposes an online tracking method that adaptively aggregates arbitrary multiple online trackers. The performance of the proposed method is theoretically guaranteed to be comparable to that of the best tracker for any image sequence, although the best expert is unknown during tracking. The experimental study on the large variations of benchmark datasets and aggregated trackers demonstrates that the proposed method can achieve state-of-the-art performance. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/songheony/AAA-journal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 72.Combining Shape Features with Multiple Color Spaces in Open-Ended 3D Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09235.pdf)
>  As a consequence of an ever-increasing number of camera-based service robots, there is a growing demand for highly accurate real-time 3D object recognition. Considering the expansion of robot applications in more complex and dynamic environments, it is evident that it is impossible to pre-program all possible object categories. Robots will have to be able to learn new object categories in the field. The network architecture proposed in this work expands from the OrthographicNet, an approach recently proposed by Kasaei et al., using a deep transfer learning strategy which not only meets the aforementioned requirements but additionally generates a scale and rotation-invariant reference frame for the classification of objects. In its current iteration, the OrthographicNet only uses shape-information. With the addition of multiple color spaces, the upgraded network architecture proposed here, can achieve an even higher descriptiveness while simultaneously increasing the robustness of predictions for similarly shaped objects. Multiple color space combinations and network architectures are evaluated to find the most descriptive system. However, this performance increase is not achieved at the cost of longer processing times, because any system deployed in robotic applications will need the ability to provide real-time information about its environment. Experimental results show that the proposed network architecture ranks competitively among other state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 73.Adversarial Exposure Attack on Diabetic Retinopathy Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09231.pdf)
>  Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is a leading cause of vision loss in the world and numerous cutting-edge works have built powerful deep neural networks (DNNs) to automatically classify the DR cases via the retinal fundus images (RFIs). However, RFIs are usually affected by the widely existing camera exposure while the robustness of DNNs to the exposure is rarely explored. In this paper, we study this problem from the viewpoint of adversarial attack and identify a totally new task, i.e., adversarial exposure attack generating adversarial images by tuning image exposure to mislead the DNNs with significantly high transferability. To this end, we first implement a straightforward method, i.e., multiplicative-perturbation-based exposure attack, and reveal the big challenges of this new task. Then, to make the adversarial image naturalness, we propose the adversarial bracketed exposure fusion that regards the exposure attack as an element-wise bracketed exposure fusion problem in the Laplacian-pyramid space. Moreover, to realize high transferability, we further propose the convolutional bracketed exposure fusion where the element-wise multiplicative operation is extended to the convolution. We validate our method on the real public DR dataset with the advanced DNNs, e.g., ResNet50, MobileNet, and EfficientNet, showing our method can achieve high image quality and success rate of the transfer attack. Our method reveals the potential threats to the DNN-based DR automated diagnosis and can definitely benefit the development of exposure-robust automated DR diagnosis method in the future.      
### 74.FakeRetouch: Evading DeepFakes Detection via the Guidance of Deliberate Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09213.pdf)
>  The novelty and creativity of DeepFake generation techniques have attracted worldwide media attention. Many researchers focus on detecting fake images produced by these GAN-based image generation methods with fruitful results, indicating that the GAN-based image generation methods are not yet perfect. Many studies show that the upsampling procedure used in the decoder of GAN-based image generation methods inevitably introduce artifact patterns into fake images. In order to further improve the fidelity of DeepFake images, in this work, we propose a simple yet powerful framework to reduce the artifact patterns of fake images without hurting image quality. The method is based on an important observation that adding noise to a fake image can successfully reduce the artifact patterns in both spatial and frequency domains. Thus we use a combination of additive noise and deep image filtering to reconstruct the fake images, and we name our method FakeRetouch. The deep image filtering provides a specialized filter for each pixel in the noisy image, taking full advantages of deep learning. The deeply filtered images retain very high fidelity to their DeepFake counterparts. Moreover, we use the semantic information of the image to generate an adversarial guidance map to add noise intelligently. Our method aims at improving the fidelity of DeepFake images and exposing the problems of existing DeepFake detection methods, and we hope that the found vulnerabilities can help improve the future generation DeepFake detection methods.      
### 75.Neural Architecture Search Using Stable Rank of Convolutional Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09209.pdf)
>  In Neural Architecture Search (NAS), Differentiable ARchiTecture Search (DARTS) has recently attracted much attention due to its high efficiency. It defines an over-parameterized network with mixed edges each of which represents all operator candidates, and jointly optimizes the weights of the network and its architecture in an alternating way. However, this process prefers a model whose weights converge faster than the others, and such a model with fastest convergence often leads to overfitting. Accordingly the resulting model cannot always be well-generalized. To overcome this problem, we propose Minimum Stable Rank DARTS (MSR-DARTS), which aims to find a model with the best generalization error by replacing the architecture optimization with the selection process using the minimum stable rank criterion. Specifically, a convolution operator is represented by a matrix and our method chooses the one whose stable rank is the smallest. We evaluate MSR-DARTS on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet dataset. It achieves an error rate of 2.92% with only 1.7M parameters within 0.5 GPU-days on CIFAR-10, and a top-1 error rate of 24.0% on ImageNet. Our MSR-DARTS directly optimizes an ImageNet model with only 2.6 GPU days while it is often impractical for existing NAS methods to directly optimize a large model such as ImageNet models and hence a proxy dataset such as CIFAR-10 is often utilized.      
### 76.It's Raining Cats or Dogs? Adversarial Rain Attack on DNN Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09205.pdf)
>  Rain is a common phenomenon in nature and an essential factor for many deep neural network (DNN) based perception systems. Rain can often post inevitable threats that must be carefully addressed especially in the context of safety and security-sensitive scenarios (e.g., autonomous driving). Therefore, a comprehensive investigation of the potential risks of the rain to a DNN is of great importance. Unfortunately, in practice, it is often rather difficult to collect or synthesize rainy images that can represent all raining situations that possibly occur in the real world. To this end, in this paper, we start from a new perspective and propose to combine two totally different studies, i.e., rainy image synthesis and adversarial attack. We present an adversarial rain attack, with which we could simulate various rainy situations with the guidance of deployed DNNs and reveal the potential threat factors that can be brought by rain, helping to develop more rain-robust DNNs. In particular, we propose a factor-aware rain generation that simulates rain steaks according to the camera exposure process and models the learnable rain factors for adversarial attack. With this generator, we further propose the adversarial rain attack against the image classification and object detection, where the rain factors are guided by the various DNNs. As a result, it enables to comprehensively study the impacts of the rain factors to DNNs. Our largescale evaluation on three datasets, i.e., NeurIPS'17 DEV, MS COCO and KITTI, demonstrates that our synthesized rainy images can not only present visually realistic appearances, but also exhibit strong adversarial capability, which builds the foundation for further rain-robust perception studies.      
### 77.Weak-shot Fine-grained Classification via Similarity Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09197.pdf)
>  Recognizing fine-grained categories remains a challenging task, due to the subtle distinctions among different subordinate categories, which results in the need of abundant annotated samples. To alleviate the data-hungry problem, we consider the problem of learning novel categories from web data with the support of a clean set of base categories, which is referred to as weak-shot learning. Under this setting, we propose to transfer pairwise semantic similarity from base categories to novel categories, because this similarity is highly transferable and beneficial for learning from web data. Specifically, we firstly train a similarity net on clean data, and then employ two simple yet effective strategies to leverage the transferred similarity to denoise web training data. In addition, we apply adversarial loss on similarity net to enhance the transferability of similarity. Comprehensive experiments on three fine-grained datasets demonstrate that we could dramatically facilitate webly supervised learning by a clean set and similarity transfer is effective under this setting.      
### 78.Multi-Level Graph Convolutional Network with Automatic Graph Learning for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09196.pdf)
>  Nowadays, deep learning methods, especially the Graph Convolutional Network (GCN), have shown impressive performance in hyperspectral image (HSI) classification. However, the current GCN-based methods treat graph construction and image classification as two separate tasks, which often results in suboptimal performance. Another defect of these methods is that they mainly focus on modeling the local pairwise importance between graph nodes while lack the capability to capture the global contextual information of HSI. In this paper, we propose a Multi-level GCN with Automatic Graph Learning method (MGCN-AGL) for HSI classification, which can automatically learn the graph information at both local and global levels. By employing attention mechanism to characterize the importance among spatially neighboring regions, the most relevant information can be adaptively incorporated to make decisions, which helps encode the spatial context to form the graph information at local level. Moreover, we utilize multiple pathways for local-level graph convolution, in order to leverage the merits from the diverse spatial context of HSI and to enhance the expressive power of the generated representations. To reconstruct the global contextual relations, our MGCN-AGL encodes the long range dependencies among image regions based on the expressive representations that have been produced at local level. Then inference can be performed along the reconstructed graph edges connecting faraway regions. Finally, the multi-level information is adaptively fused to generate the network output. In this means, the graph learning and image classification can be integrated into a unified framework and benefit each other. Extensive experiments have been conducted on three real-world hyperspectral datasets, which are shown to outperform the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 79.A Review of Visual Odometry Methods and Its Applications for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09193.pdf)
>  The research into autonomous driving applications has observed an increase in computer vision-based approaches in recent years. In attempts to develop exclusive vision-based systems, visual odometry is often considered as a key element to achieve motion estimation and self-localisation, in place of wheel odometry or inertial measurements. This paper presents a recent review to methods that are pertinent to visual odometry with an emphasis on autonomous driving. This review covers visual odometry in their monocular, stereoscopic and visual-inertial form, individually presenting them with analyses related to their applications. Discussions are drawn to outline the problems faced in the current state of research, and to summarise the works reviewed. This paper concludes with future work suggestions to aid prospective developments in visual odometry.      
### 80.ENAS4D: Efficient Multi-stage CNN Architecture Search for Dynamic Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09182.pdf)
>  Dynamic inference is a feasible way to reduce the computational cost of convolutional neural network(CNN), which can dynamically adjust the computation for each input sample. One of the ways to achieve dynamic inference is to use multi-stage neural network, which contains a sub-network with prediction layer at each stage. The inference of a input sample can exit from early stage if the prediction of the stage is confident enough. However, design a multi-stage CNN architecture is a non-trivial task. In this paper, we introduce a general framework, ENAS4D, which can efficiently search for optimal multi-stage CNN architecture for dynamic inference in a well-designed search space. Firstly, we propose a method to construct the search space with multi-stage convolution. The search space include different numbers of layers, different kernel sizes and different numbers of channels for each stage and the resolution of input samples. Then, we train a once-for-all network that supports to sample diverse multi-stage CNN architecture. A specialized multi-stage network can be obtained from the once-for-all network without additional training. Finally, we devise a method to efficiently search for the optimal multi-stage network that trades the accuracy off the computational cost taking the advantage of once-for-all network. The experiments on the ImageNet classification task demonstrate that the multi-stage CNNs searched by ENAS4D consistently outperform the state-of-the-art method for dyanmic inference. In particular, the network achieves 74.4% ImageNet top-1 accuracy under 185M average MACs.      
### 81.Recognizing Micro-expression in Video Clip with Adaptive Key-frame Mining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09179.pdf)
>  As a spontaneous expression of emotion on face, micro-expression is receiving increasing focus. Whist better recognition accuracy is achieved by various deep learning (DL) techniques, one characteristic of micro-expression has been not fully leveraged. That is, such facial movement is transient and sparsely localized through time. Therefore, the representation learned from a long video clip is usually redundant. On the other hand, methods utilizing the single apex frame require manual annotations and sacrifice the temporal dynamic information. To simultaneously spot and recognize such fleeting facial movement, we propose a novel end-to-end deep learning architecture, referred to as Adaptive Key-frame Mining Network (AKMNet). Operating on the raw video clip of micro-expression, AKMNet is able to learn discriminative spatio-temporal representation by combining the spatial feature of self-exploited local key frames and their global-temporal dynamics. Empirical and theoretical evaluations show advantages of the proposed approach with improved performance comparing with other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 82.BargainNet: Background-Guided Domain Translation for Image Harmonization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09169.pdf)
>  Image composition is a fundamental operation in image editing field. However, unharmonious foreground and background downgrade the quality of composite image. Image harmonization, which adjusts the foreground to improve the consistency, is an essential yet challenging task. Previous deep learning based methods mainly focus on directly learning the mapping from composite image to real image, while ignoring the crucial guidance role that background plays. In this work, with the assumption that the foreground needs to be translated to the same domain as background, we formulate image harmonization task as background-guided domain translation. Therefore, we propose an image harmonization network with a novel domain code extractor and well-tailored triplet losses, which could capture the background domain information to guide the foreground harmonization. Extensive experiments on the existing image harmonization benchmark demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 83.Introspective Learning by Distilling Knowledge from Online Self-explanation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09140.pdf)
>  In recent years, many explanation methods have been proposed to explain individual classifications of deep neural networks. However, how to leverage the created explanations to improve the learning process has been less explored. As the privileged information, the explanations of a model can be used to guide the learning process of the model itself. In the community, another intensively investigated privileged information used to guide the training of a model is the knowledge from a powerful teacher model. The goal of this work is to leverage the self-explanation to improve the learning process by borrowing ideas from knowledge distillation. We start by investigating the effective components of the knowledge transferred from the teacher network to the student network. Our investigation reveals that both the responses in non-ground-truth classes and class-similarity information in teacher's outputs contribute to the success of the knowledge distillation. Motivated by the conclusion, we propose an implementation of introspective learning by distilling knowledge from online self-explanations. The models trained with the introspective learning procedure outperform the ones trained with the standard learning procedure, as well as the ones trained with different regularization methods. When compared to the models learned from peer networks or teacher networks, our models also show competitive performance and requires neither peers nor teachers.      
### 84.An Efficient Language-Independent Multi-Font OCR for Arabic Script  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09115.pdf)
>  Optical Character Recognition (OCR) is the process of extracting digitized text from images of scanned documents. While OCR systems have already matured in many languages, they still have shortcomings in cursive languages with overlapping letters such as the Arabic language. This paper proposes a complete Arabic OCR system that takes a scanned image of Arabic Naskh script as an input and generates a corresponding digital document. Our Arabic OCR system consists of the following modules: Pre-processing, Word-level Feature Extraction, Character Segmentation, Character Recognition, and Post-processing. This paper also proposes an improved font-independent character segmentation algorithm that outperforms the state-of-the-art segmentation algorithms. Lastly, the paper proposes a neural network model for the character recognition task. The system has experimented on several open Arabic corpora datasets with an average character segmentation accuracy 98.06%, character recognition accuracy 99.89%, and overall system accuracy 97.94% achieving outstanding results compared to the state-of-the-art Arabic OCR systems.      
### 85.Holistic Grid Fusion Based Stop Line Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09093.pdf)
>  Intersection scenarios provide the most complex traffic situations in Autonomous Driving and Driving Assistance Systems. Knowing where to stop in advance in an intersection is an essential parameter in controlling the longitudinal velocity of the vehicle. Most of the existing methods in literature solely use cameras to detect stop lines, which is typically not sufficient in terms of detection range. To address this issue, we propose a method that takes advantage of fused multi-sensory data including stereo camera and lidar as input and utilizes a carefully designed convolutional neural network architecture to detect stop lines. Our experiments show that the proposed approach can improve detection range compared to camera data alone, works under heavy occlusion without observing the ground markings explicitly, is able to predict stop lines for all lanes and allows detection at a distance up to 50 meters.      
### 86.Psoriasis Severity Assessment with a Similarity-Clustering Machine Learning Approach Reduces Intra- and Inter-observation variation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.08997.pdf)
>  Psoriasis is a complex disease with many variations in genotype and phenotype. General advancements in medicine has further complicated both assessments and treatment for both physicians and dermatologist alike. Even with all of our technological progress we still primarily use the assessment tool Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) for severity assessments which was developed in the 1970s. In this study we evaluate a method involving digital images, a comparison web application and similarity clustering, developed to improve the assessment tool in terms of intra- and inter-observer variation. Images of patients was collected from a mobile device. Images were captured of the same lesion area taken approximately 1 week apart. Five dermatologists evaluated the severity of psoriasis by modified-PASI, absolute scoring and a relative pairwise PASI scoring using similarity-clustering and conducted using a web-program displaying two images at a time. mPASI scoring of single photos by the same or different dermatologist showed mPASI ratings of 50% to 80%, respectively. Repeated mPASI comparison using similarity clustering showed consistent mPASI ratings &gt; 95%. Pearson correlation between absolute scoring and pairwise scoring progression was 0.72.      
### 87.Grasp-type Recognition Leveraging Object Affordance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09813.pdf)
>  A key challenge in robot teaching is grasp-type recognition with a single RGB image and a target object name. Here, we propose a simple yet effective pipeline to enhance learning-based recognition by leveraging a prior distribution of grasp types for each object. In the pipeline, a convolutional neural network (CNN) recognizes the grasp type from an RGB image. The recognition result is further corrected using the prior distribution (i.e., affordance), which is associated with the target object name. Experimental results showed that the proposed method outperforms both a CNN-only and an affordance-only method. The results highlight the effectiveness of linguistically-driven object affordance for enhancing grasp-type recognition in robot teaching.      
### 88.Overfit Neural Networks as a Compact Shape Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09808.pdf)
>  Neural networks have proven to be effective approximators of signed distance fields (SDFs) for solid 3D objects. While prior work has focused on the generalization power of such approximations, we instead explore their suitability as a compact - if purposefully overfit - SDF representation of individual shapes. Specifically, we ask whether neural networks can serve as first-class implicit shape representations in computer graphics. We call such overfit networks Neural Implicits. Similar to SDFs stored on a regular grid, Neural Implicits have fixed storage profiles and memory layout, but afford far greater accuracy. At equal storage cost, Neural Implicits consistently match or exceed the accuracy of irregularly-sampled triangle meshes. We achieve this with a combination of a novel loss function, sampling strategy and supervision protocol designed to facilitate robust shape overfitting. We demonstrate the flexibility of our representation on a variety of standard rendering and modelling tasks.      
### 89.Learning Audio-Visual Representations with Active Contrastive Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09805.pdf)
>  Contrastive coding has achieved promising results in self-supervised representation learning. However, there are practical challenges given that obtaining a tight lower bound on mutual information (MI) requires a sample size exponential in MI and thus a large set of negative samples. We can incorporate more samples by building a large queue-based dictionary, but there are theoretical limits to performance improvements even with a large number of negative samples. We hypothesize that 'random negative sampling' leads to a highly redundant dictionary, which could result in representations that are suboptimal for downstream tasks. In this paper, we propose an active contrastive coding approach that builds an 'actively sampled' dictionary with diverse and informative items, which improves the quality of negative samples and achieves substantially improved results on tasks where there is high mutual information in the data, e.g., video classification. Our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on multiple challenging audio and visual downstream benchmarks including UCF101, HMDB51 and ESC50.      
### 90.Defending against substitute model black box adversarial attacks with the 01 loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09803.pdf)
>  Substitute model black box attacks can create adversarial examples for a target model just by accessing its output labels. This poses a major challenge to machine learning models in practice, particularly in security sensitive applications. The 01 loss model is known to be more robust to outliers and noise than convex models that are typically used in practice. Motivated by these properties we present 01 loss linear and 01 loss dual layer neural network models as a defense against transfer based substitute model black box attacks. We compare the accuracy of adversarial examples from substitute model black box attacks targeting our 01 loss models and their convex counterparts for binary classification on popular image benchmarks. Our 01 loss dual layer neural network has an adversarial accuracy of 66.2%, 58%, 60.5%, and 57% on MNIST, CIFAR10, STL10, and ImageNet respectively whereas the sigmoid activated logistic loss counterpart has accuracies of 63.5%, 19.3%, 14.9%, and 27.6%. Except for MNIST the convex counterparts have substantially lower adversarial accuracies. We show practical applications of our models to deter traffic sign and facial recognition adversarial attacks. On GTSRB street sign and CelebA facial detection our 01 loss network has 34.6% and 37.1% adversarial accuracy respectively whereas the convex logistic counterpart has accuracy 24% and 1.9%. Finally we show that our 01 loss network can attain robustness on par with simple convolutional neural networks and much higher than its convex counterpart even when attacked with a convolutional network substitute model. Our work shows that 01 loss models offer a powerful defense against substitute model black box attacks.      
### 91.Multi-Task Learning with Deep Neural Networks: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09796.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning (MTL) is a subfield of machine learning in which multiple tasks are simultaneously learned by a shared model. Such approaches offer advantages like improved data efficiency, reduced overfitting through shared representations, and fast learning by leveraging auxiliary information. However, the simultaneous learning of multiple tasks presents new design and optimization challenges, and choosing which tasks should be learned jointly is in itself a non-trivial problem. In this survey, we give an overview of multi-task learning methods for deep neural networks, with the aim of summarizing both the well-established and most recent directions within the field. Our discussion is structured according to a partition of the existing deep MTL techniques into three groups: architectures, optimization methods, and task relationship learning. We also provide a summary of common multi-task benchmarks.      
### 92.Impact of lung segmentation on the diagnosis and explanation of COVID-19 in chest X-ray images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09780.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic is undoubtedly one of the biggest public health crises our society has ever faced. This paper's main objectives are to demonstrate the impact of lung segmentation in COVID-19 automatic identification using CXR images and evaluate which contents of the image decisively contribute to the identification. We have performed lung segmentation using a U-Net CNN architecture, and the classification using three well-known CNN architectures: VGG, ResNet, and Inception. To estimate the impact of lung segmentation, we applied some Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), such as LIME and Grad-CAM. To evaluate our approach, we built a database named RYDLS-20-v2, following our previous publication and the COVIDx database guidelines. We evaluated the impact of creating a COVID-19 CXR image database from different sources, called database bias, and the COVID-19 generalization from one database to another, representing our less biased scenario. The experimental results of the segmentation achieved a Jaccard distance of 0.034 and a Dice coefficient of 0.982. In the best and more realistic scenario, we achieved an F1-Score of 0.74 and an area under the ROC curve of 0.9 for COVID-19 identification using segmented CXR images. Further testing and XAI techniques suggest that segmented CXR images represent a much more realistic and less biased performance. More importantly, the experiments conducted show that even after segmentation, there is a strong bias introduced by underlying factors from the data sources, and more efforts regarding the creation of a more significant and comprehensive database still need to be done.      
### 93.Weight Training Analysis of Sportsmen with Kinect Bioinformatics for Form Improvement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09776.pdf)
>  Sports franchises invest a lot in training their athletes. use of latest technology for this purpose is also very common. We propose a system of capturing motion of athletes during weight training and analyzing that data to find out any shortcomings and imperfections. Our system uses Kinect depth image to compute different parameters of athlete's selected joints. These parameters are passed through certain algorithms to process them and formulate results on their basis. Some parameters like range of motion, speed and balance can be analyzed in real time. But for comparison to be performed between motions, data is first recorded and stored and then processed for accurate results. Our results depict that this system can be easily deployed and implemented to provide a very valuable insight to dynamics of a work out and help an athlete in improving his form.      
### 94.Improving Automated COVID-19 Grading with Convolutional Neural Networks in Computed Tomography Scans: An Ablation Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09725.pdf)
>  Amidst the ongoing pandemic, several studies have shown that COVID-19 classification and grading using computed tomography (CT) images can be automated with convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Many of these studies focused on reporting initial results of algorithms that were assembled from commonly used components. The choice of these components was often pragmatic rather than systematic. For instance, several studies used 2D CNNs even though these might not be optimal for handling 3D CT volumes. This paper identifies a variety of components that increase the performance of CNN-based algorithms for COVID-19 grading from CT images. We investigated the effectiveness of using a 3D CNN instead of a 2D CNN, of using transfer learning to initialize the network, of providing automatically computed lesion maps as additional network input, and of predicting a continuous instead of a categorical output. A 3D CNN with these components achieved an area under the ROC curve (AUC) of 0.934 on our test set of 105 CT scans and an AUC of 0.923 on a publicly available set of 742 CT scans, a substantial improvement in comparison with a previously published 2D CNN. An ablation study demonstrated that in addition to using a 3D CNN instead of a 2D CNN transfer learning contributed the most and continuous output contributed the least to improving the model performance.      
### 95.When Healthcare Meets Off-the-Shelf WiFi: A Non-Wearable and Low-Costs Approach for In-Home Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09715.pdf)
>  As elderly population grows, social and health care begin to face validation challenges, in-home monitoring is becoming a focus for professionals in the field. Governments urgently need to improve the quality of healthcare services at lower costs while ensuring the comfort and independence of the elderly. This work presents an in-home monitoring approach based on off-the-shelf WiFi, which is low-costs, non-wearable and makes all-round daily healthcare information available to caregivers. The proposed approach can capture fine-grained human pose figures even through a wall and track detailed respiration status simultaneously by off-the-shelf WiFi devices. Based on them, behavioral data, physiological data and the derived information (e.g., abnormal events and underlying diseases), of the elderly could be seen by caregivers directly. We design a series of signal processing methods and a neural network to capture human pose figures and extract respiration status curves from WiFi Channel State Information (CSI). Extensive experiments are conducted and according to the results, off-the-shelf WiFi devices are capable of capturing fine-grained human pose figures, similar to cameras, even through a wall and track accurate respiration status, thus demonstrating the effectiveness and feasibility of our approach for in-home monitoring.      
### 96.Contrastive Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09687.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a one-stage online clustering method called Contrastive Clustering (CC) which explicitly performs the instance- and cluster-level contrastive learning. To be specific, for a given dataset, the positive and negative instance pairs are constructed through data augmentations and then projected into a feature space. Therein, the instance- and cluster-level contrastive learning are respectively conducted in the row and column space by maximizing the similarities of positive pairs while minimizing those of negative ones. Our key observation is that the rows of the feature matrix could be regarded as soft labels of instances, and accordingly the columns could be further regarded as cluster representations. By simultaneously optimizing the instance- and cluster-level contrastive loss, the model jointly learns representations and cluster assignments in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experimental results show that CC remarkably outperforms 17 competitive clustering methods on six challenging image benchmarks. In particular, CC achieves an NMI of 0.705 (0.431) on the CIFAR-10 (CIFAR-100) dataset, which is an up to 19\% (39\%) performance improvement compared with the best baseline.      
### 97.Modeling Score Distributions and Continuous Covariates: A Bayesian Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09583.pdf)
>  Computer Vision practitioners must thoroughly understand their model's performance, but conditional evaluation is complex and error-prone. In biometric verification, model performance over continuous covariates---real-number attributes of images that affect performance---is particularly challenging to study. We develop a generative model of the match and non-match score distributions over continuous covariates and perform inference with modern Bayesian methods. We use mixture models to capture arbitrary distributions and local basis functions to capture non-linear, multivariate trends. Three experiments demonstrate the accuracy and effectiveness of our approach. First, we study the relationship between age and face verification performance and find previous methods may overstate performance and confidence. Second, we study preprocessing for CNNs and find a highly non-linear, multivariate surface of model performance. Our method is accurate and data efficient when evaluated against previous synthetic methods. Third, we demonstrate the novel application of our method to pedestrian tracking and calculate variable thresholds and expected performance while controlling for multiple covariates.      
### 98.Reconstruct high-resolution multi-focal plane images from a single 2D wide field image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09574.pdf)
>  High-resolution 3D medical images are important for analysis and diagnosis, but axial scanning to acquire them is very time-consuming. In this paper, we propose a fast end-to-end multi-focal plane imaging network (MFPINet) to reconstruct high-resolution multi-focal plane images from a single 2D low-resolution wild filed image without relying on scanning. To acquire realistic MFP images fast, the proposed MFPINet adopts generative adversarial network framework and the strategies of post-sampling and refocusing all focal planes at one time. We conduct a series experiments on cytology microscopy images and demonstrate that MFPINet performs well on both axial refocusing and horizontal super resolution. Furthermore, MFPINet is approximately 24 times faster than current refocusing methods for reconstructing the same volume images. The proposed method has the potential to greatly increase the speed of high-resolution 3D imaging and expand the application of low-resolution wide-field images.      
### 99.Learning Soft Labels via Meta Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09496.pdf)
>  One-hot labels do not represent soft decision boundaries among concepts, and hence, models trained on them are prone to overfitting. Using soft labels as targets provide regularization, but different soft labels might be optimal at different stages of optimization. Also, training with fixed labels in the presence of noisy annotations leads to worse generalization. To address these limitations, we propose a framework, where we treat the labels as learnable parameters, and optimize them along with model parameters. The learned labels continuously adapt themselves to the model's state, thereby providing dynamic regularization. When applied to the task of supervised image-classification, our method leads to consistent gains across different datasets and architectures. For instance, dynamically learned labels improve ResNet18 by 2.1% on CIFAR100. When applied to dataset containing noisy labels, the learned labels correct the annotation mistakes, and improves over state-of-the-art by a significant margin. Finally, we show that learned labels capture semantic relationship between classes, and thereby improve teacher models for the downstream task of distillation.      
### 100.Scale-Localized Abstract Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09405.pdf)
>  We consider the abstract relational reasoning task, which is commonly used as an intelligence test. Since some patterns have spatial rationales, while others are only semantic, we propose a multi-scale architecture that processes each query in multiple resolutions. We show that indeed different rules are solved by different resolutions and a combined multi-scale approach outperforms the existing state of the art in this task on all benchmarks by 5-54%. The success of our method is shown to arise from multiple novelties. First, it searches for relational patterns in multiple resolutions, which allows it to readily detect visual relations, such as location, in higher resolution, while allowing the lower resolution module to focus on semantic relations, such as shape type. Second, we optimize the reasoning network of each resolution proportionally to its performance, hereby we motivate each resolution to specialize on the rules for which it performs better than the others and ignore cases that are already solved by the other resolutions. Third, we propose a new way to pool information along the rows and the columns of the illustration-grid of the query. Our work also analyses the existing benchmarks, demonstrating that the RAVEN dataset selects the negative examples in a way that is easily exploited. We, therefore, propose a modified version of the RAVEN dataset, named RAVEN-FAIR. Our code and pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yanivbenny/MRNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. The dataset of RAVEN-FAIR is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yanivbenny/RAVEN_FAIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 101.Learning a Lie Algebra from Unlabeled Data Pairs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09321.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional networks (convnets) show a remarkable ability to learn disentangled representations. In recent years, the generalization of deep learning to Lie groups beyond rigid motion in $\mathbb{R}^n$ has allowed to build convnets over datasets with non-trivial symmetries, such as patterns over the surface of a sphere. However, one limitation of this approach is the need to explicitly define the Lie group underlying the desired invariance property before training the convnet. Whereas rotations on the sphere have a well-known symmetry group ($\mathrm{SO}(3)$), the same cannot be said of many real-world factors of variability. For example, the disentanglement of pitch, intensity dynamics, and playing technique remains a challenging task in music information retrieval. <br>This article proposes a machine learning method to discover a nonlinear transformation of the space $\mathbb{R}^n$ which maps a collection of $n$-dimensional vectors $(\boldsymbol{x}_i)_i$ onto a collection of target vectors $(\boldsymbol{y}_i)_i$. The key idea is to approximate every target $\boldsymbol{y}_i$ by a matrix--vector product of the form $\boldsymbol{\widetilde{y}}_i = \boldsymbol{\phi}(t_i) \boldsymbol{x}_i$, where the matrix $\boldsymbol{\phi}(t_i)$ belongs to a one-parameter subgroup of $\mathrm{GL}_n (\mathbb{R})$. Crucially, the value of the parameter $t_i \in \mathbb{R}$ may change between data pairs $(\boldsymbol{x}_i, \boldsymbol{y}_i)$ and does not need to be known in advance.      
### 102.Efficient Certification of Spatial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09318.pdf)
>  Recent work has exposed the vulnerability of computer vision models to spatial transformations. Due to the widespread usage of such models in safety-critical applications, it is crucial to quantify their robustness against spatial transformations. However, existing work only provides empirical quantification of spatial robustness via adversarial attacks, which lack provable guarantees. In this work, we propose novel convex relaxations, which enable us, for the first time, to provide a certificate of robustness against spatial transformations. Our convex relaxations are model-agnostic and can be leveraged by a wide range of neural network verifiers. Experiments on several network architectures and different datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and scalability of our method.      
### 103.Reducing false-positive biopsies with deep neural networks that utilize local and global information in screening mammograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09282.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women, and hundreds of thousands of unnecessary biopsies are done around the world at a tremendous cost. It is crucial to reduce the rate of biopsies that turn out to be benign tissue. In this study, we build deep neural networks (DNNs) to classify biopsied lesions as being either malignant or benign, with the goal of using these networks as second readers serving radiologists to further reduce the number of false positive findings. We enhance the performance of DNNs that are trained to learn from small image patches by integrating global context provided in the form of saliency maps learned from the entire image into their reasoning, similar to how radiologists consider global context when evaluating areas of interest. Our experiments are conducted on a dataset of 229,426 screening mammography exams from 141,473 patients. We achieve an AUC of 0.8 on a test set consisting of 464 benign and 136 malignant lesions.      
### 104.Humans learn too: Better Human-AI Interaction using Optimized Human Inputs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09266.pdf)
>  Humans rely more and more on systems with AI components. The AI community typically treats human inputs as a given and optimizes AI models only. This thinking is one-sided and it neglects the fact that humans can learn, too. In this work, human inputs are optimized for better interaction with an AI model while keeping the model fixed. The optimized inputs are accompanied by instructions on how to create them. They allow humans to save time and cut on errors, while keeping required changes to original inputs limited. We propose continuous and discrete optimization methods modifying samples in an iterative fashion. Our quantitative and qualitative evaluation including a human study on different hand-generated inputs shows that the generated proposals lead to lower error rates, require less effort to create and differ only modestly from the original samples.      
### 105.Bias Field Poses a Threat to DNN-based X-Ray Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09247.pdf)
>  The chest X-ray plays a key role in screening and diagnosis of many lung diseases including the COVID-19. More recently, many works construct deep neural networks (DNNs) for chest X-ray images to realize automated and efficient diagnosis of lung diseases. However, bias field caused by the improper medical image acquisition process widely exists in the chest X-ray images while the robustness of DNNs to the bias field is rarely explored, which definitely poses a threat to the X-ray-based automated diagnosis system. In this paper, we study this problem based on the recent adversarial attack and propose a brand new attack, i.e., the adversarial bias field attack where the bias field instead of the additive noise works as the adversarial perturbations for fooling the DNNs. This novel attack posts a key problem: how to locally tune the bias field to realize high attack success rate while maintaining its spatial smoothness to guarantee high realisticity. These two goals contradict each other and thus has made the attack significantly challenging. To overcome this challenge, we propose the adversarial-smooth bias field attack that can locally tune the bias field with joint smooth &amp; adversarial constraints. As a result, the adversarial X-ray images can not only fool the DNNs effectively but also retain very high level of realisticity. We validate our method on real chest X-ray datasets with powerful DNNs, e.g., ResNet50, DenseNet121, and MobileNet, and show different properties to the state-of-the-art attacks in both image realisticity and attack transferability. Our method reveals the potential threat to the DNN-based X-ray automated diagnosis and can definitely benefit the development of bias-field-robust automated diagnosis system.      
### 106.Few-shot learning using pre-training and shots, enriched by pre-trained samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09172.pdf)
>  We use the EMNIST dataset of handwritten digits to test a simple approach for few-shot learning. A fully connected neural network is pre-trained with a subset of the 10 digits and used for few-shot learning with untrained digits. Two basic ideas are introduced: during few-shot learning the learning of the first layer is disabled, and for every shot a previously unknown digit is used together with four previously trained digits for the gradient descend, until a predefined threshold condition is fulfilled. This way we reach about 90% accuracy after 10 shots.      
### 107.Lossless White Balance For Improved Lossless CFA Image and Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09137.pdf)
>  Color filter array is spatial multiplexing of pixel-sized filters placed over pixel detectors in camera sensors. The state-of-the-art lossless coding techniques of raw sensor data captured by such sensors leverage spatial or cross-color correlation using lifting schemes. In this paper, we propose a lifting-based lossless white balance algorithm. When applied to the raw sensor data, the spatial bandwidth of the implied chrominance signals decreases. We propose to use this white balance as a pre-processing step to lossless CFA subsampled image/video compression, improving the overall coding efficiency of the raw sensor data.      
### 108.Kernel Ridge Regression Using Importance Sampling with Application to Seismic Response Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.09136.pdf)
>  Scalable kernel methods, including kernel ridge regression, often rely on low-rank matrix approximations using the Nystrom method, which involves selecting landmark points from large data sets. The existing approaches to selecting landmarks are typically computationally demanding as they require manipulating and performing computations with large matrices in the input or feature space. In this paper, our contribution is twofold. The first contribution is to propose a novel landmark selection method that promotes diversity using an efficient two-step approach. Our landmark selection technique follows a coarse to fine strategy, where the first step computes importance scores with a single pass over the whole data. The second step performs K-means clustering on the constructed coreset to use the obtained centroids as landmarks. Hence, the introduced method provides tunable trade-offs between accuracy and efficiency. Our second contribution is to investigate the performance of several landmark selection techniques using a novel application of kernel methods for predicting structural responses due to earthquake load and material uncertainties. Our experiments exhibit the merits of our proposed landmark selection scheme against baselines.      
### 109.Pose Correction Algorithm for Relative Frames between Keyframes in SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.08724.pdf)
>  With the dominance of keyframe-based SLAM in the field of robotics, the relative frame poses between keyframes have typically been sacrificed for a faster algorithm to achieve online applications. However, those approaches can become insufficient for applications that may require refined poses of all frames, not just keyframes which are relatively sparse compared to all input frames. This paper proposes a novel algorithm to correct the relative frames between keyframes after the keyframes have been updated by a back-end optimization process. The correction model is derived using conservation of the measurement constraint between landmarks and the robot pose. The proposed algorithm is designed to be easily integrable to existing keyframe-based SLAM systems while exhibiting robust and accurate performance superior to existing interpolation methods. The algorithm also requires low computational resources and hence has a minimal burden on the whole SLAM pipeline. We provide the evaluation of the proposed pose correction algorithm in comparison to existing interpolation methods in various vector spaces, and our method has demonstrated excellent accuracy in both KITTI and EuRoC datasets.      
