# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 25 Sep 2020
### 1.Multi-Frame to Single-Frame: Knowledge Distillation for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11859.pdf)
>  A common dilemma in 3D object detection for autonomous driving is that high-quality, dense point clouds are only available during training, but not testing. We use knowledge distillation to bridge the gap between a model trained on high-quality inputs at training time and another tested on low-quality inputs at inference time. In particular, we design a two-stage training pipeline for point cloud object detection. First, we train an object detection model on dense point clouds, which are generated from multiple frames using extra information only available at training time. Then, we train the model's identical counterpart on sparse single-frame point clouds with consistency regularization on features from both models. We show that this procedure improves performance on low-quality data during testing, without additional overhead.      
### 2.Attribute Propagation Network for Graph Zero-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11816.pdf)
>  The goal of zero-shot learning (ZSL) is to train a model to classify samples of classes that were not seen during training. To address this challenging task, most ZSL methods relate unseen test classes to seen(training) classes via a pre-defined set of attributes that can describe all classes in the same semantic space, so the knowledge learned on the training classes can be adapted to unseen classes. In this paper, we aim to optimize the attribute space for ZSL by training a propagation mechanism to refine the semantic attributes of each class based on its neighbors and related classes on a graph of classes. We show that the propagated attributes can produce classifiers for zero-shot classes with significantly improved performance in different ZSL settings. The graph of classes is usually free or very cheap to acquire such as WordNet or ImageNet classes. When the graph is not provided, given pre-defined semantic embeddings of the classes, we can learn a mechanism to generate the graph in an end-to-end manner along with the propagation mechanism. However, this graph-aided technique has not been well-explored in the literature. In this paper, we introduce the attribute propagation network (APNet), which is composed of 1) a graph propagation model generating attribute vector for each class and 2) a parameterized nearest neighbor (NN) classifier categorizing an image to the class with the nearest attribute vector to the image's embedding. For better generalization over unseen classes, different from previous methods, we adopt a meta-learning strategy to train the propagation mechanism and the similarity metric for the NN classifier on multiple sub-graphs, each associated with a classification task over a subset of training classes. In experiments with two zero-shot learning settings and five benchmark datasets, APNet achieves either compelling performance or new state-of-the-art results.      
### 3.Heuristics based Mosaic of Social-Sensor Services for Scene Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11663.pdf)
>  We propose a heuristics-based social-sensor cloud service selection and composition model to reconstruct mosaic scenes. The proposed approach leverages crowdsourced social media images to create an image mosaic to reconstruct a scene at a designated location and an interval of time. The novel approach relies on the set of features defined on the bases of the image metadata to determine the relevance and composability of services. Novel heuristics are developed to filter out non-relevant services. Multiple machine learning strategies are employed to produce smooth service composition resulting in a mosaic of relevant images indexed by geolocation and time. The preliminary analytical results prove the feasibility of the proposed composition model.      
### 4.Cloud Cover Nowcasting with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11577.pdf)
>  Nowcasting is a field of meteorology which aims at forecasting weather on a short term of up to a few hours. In the meteorology landscape, this field is rather specific as it requires particular techniques, such as data extrapolation, where conventional meteorology is generally based on physical modeling. In this paper, we focus on cloud cover nowcasting, which has various application areas such as satellite shots optimisation and photovoltaic energy production forecast. <br>Following recent deep learning successes on multiple imagery tasks, we applied deep convolutionnal neural networks on Meteosat satellite images for cloud cover nowcasting. We present the results of several architectures specialized in image segmentation and time series prediction. We selected the best models according to machine learning metrics as well as meteorological metrics. All selected architectures showed significant improvements over persistence and the well-known U-Net surpasses AROME physical model.      
### 5.Local Context Attention for Salient Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11562.pdf)
>  Salient object segmentation aims at distinguishing various salient objects from backgrounds. Despite the lack of semantic consistency, salient objects often have obvious texture and location characteristics in local area. Based on this priori, we propose a novel Local Context Attention Network (LCANet) to generate locally reinforcement feature maps in a uniform representational architecture. The proposed network introduces an Attentional Correlation Filter (ACF) module to generate explicit local attention by calculating the correlation feature map between coarse prediction and global context. Then it is expanded to a Local Context Block(LCB). Furthermore, an one-stage coarse-to-fine structure is implemented based on LCB to adaptively enhance the local context description ability. Comprehensive experiments are conducted on several salient object segmentation datasets, demonstrating the superior performance of the proposed LCANet against the state-of-the-art methods, especially with 0.883 max F-score and 0.034 MAE on DUTS-TE dataset.      
### 6.Multi-View Brain HyperConnectome AutoEncoder For Brain State Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11553.pdf)
>  Graph embedding is a powerful method to represent graph neurological data (e.g., brain connectomes) in a low dimensional space for brain connectivity mapping, prediction and classification. However, existing embedding algorithms have two major limitations. First, they primarily focus on preserving one-to-one topological relationships between nodes (i.e., regions of interest (ROIs) in a connectome), but they have mostly ignored many-to-many relationships (i.e., set to set), which can be captured using a hyperconnectome structure. Second, existing graph embedding techniques cannot be easily adapted to multi-view graph data with heterogeneous distributions. In this paper, while cross-pollinating adversarial deep learning with hypergraph theory, we aim to jointly learn deep latent embeddings of subject0specific multi-view brain graphs to eventually disentangle different brain states. First, we propose a new simple strategy to build a hyperconnectome for each brain view based on nearest neighbour algorithm to preserve the connectivities across pairs of ROIs. Second, we design a hyperconnectome autoencoder (HCAE) framework which operates directly on the multi-view hyperconnectomes based on hypergraph convolutional layers to better capture the many-to-many relationships between brain regions (i.e., nodes). For each subject, we further regularize the hypergraph autoencoding by adversarial regularization to align the distribution of the learned hyperconnectome embeddings with that of the input hyperconnectomes. We formalize our hyperconnectome embedding within a geometric deep learning framework to optimize for a given subject, thereby designing an individual-based learning framework. Our experiments showed that the learned embeddings by HCAE yield to better results for brain state classification compared with other deep graph embedding methods methods.      
### 7.Multi-Scale Profiling of Brain Multigraphs by Eigen-based Cross-Diffusion and Heat Tracing for Brain State Profiling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11534.pdf)
>  The individual brain can be viewed as a highly-complex multigraph (i.e. a set of graphs also called connectomes), where each graph represents a unique connectional view of pairwise brain region (node) relationships such as function or morphology. Due to its multifold complexity, understanding how brain disorders alter not only a single view of the brain graph, but its multigraph representation at the individual and population scales, remains one of the most challenging obstacles to profiling brain connectivity for ultimately disentangling a wide spectrum of brain states (e.g., healthy vs. disordered). In this work, while cross-pollinating the fields of spectral graph theory and diffusion models, we unprecedentedly propose an eigen-based cross-diffusion strategy for multigraph brain integration, comparison, and profiling. Specifically, we first devise a brain multigraph fusion model guided by eigenvector centrality to rely on most central nodes in the cross-diffusion process. Next, since the graph spectrum encodes its shape (or geometry) as if one can hear the shape of the graph, for the first time, we profile the fused multigraphs at several diffusion timescales by extracting the compact heat-trace signatures of their corresponding Laplacian matrices. Here, we reveal for the first time autistic and healthy profiles of morphological brain multigraphs, derived from T1-w magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and demonstrate their discriminability in boosting the classification of unseen samples in comparison with state-of-the-art methods. This study presents the first step towards hearing the shape of the brain multigraph that can be leveraged for profiling and disentangling comorbid neurological disorders, thereby advancing precision medicine.      
### 8.MimicDet: Bridging the Gap Between One-Stage and Two-Stage Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11528.pdf)
>  Modern object detection methods can be divided into one-stage approaches and two-stage ones. One-stage detectors are more efficient owing to straightforward architectures, but the two-stage detectors still take the lead in accuracy. Although recent work try to improve the one-stage detectors by imitating the structural design of the two-stage ones, the accuracy gap is still significant. In this paper, we propose MimicDet, a novel and efficient framework to train a one-stage detector by directly mimic the two-stage features, aiming to bridge the accuracy gap between one-stage and two-stage detectors. Unlike conventional mimic methods, MimicDet has a shared backbone for one-stage and two-stage detectors, then it branches into two heads which are well designed to have compatible features for mimicking. Thus MimicDet can be end-to-end trained without the pre-train of the teacher network. And the cost does not increase much, which makes it practical to adopt large networks as backbones. We also make several specialized designs such as dual-path mimicking and staggered feature pyramid to facilitate the mimicking process. Experiments on the challenging COCO detection benchmark demonstrate the effectiveness of MimicDet. It achieves 46.1 mAP with ResNeXt-101 backbone on the COCO test-dev set, which significantly surpasses current state-of-the-art methods.      
### 9.Understanding Fairness of Gender Classification Algorithms Across Gender-Race Groups  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11491.pdf)
>  Automated gender classification has important applications in many domains, such as demographic research, law enforcement, online advertising, as well as human-computer interaction. Recent research has questioned the fairness of this technology across gender and race. Specifically, the majority of the studies raised the concern of higher error rates of the face-based gender classification system for darker-skinned people like African-American and for women. However, to date, the majority of existing studies were limited to African-American and Caucasian only. The aim of this paper is to investigate the differential performance of the gender classification algorithms across gender-race groups. To this aim, we investigate the impact of (a) architectural differences in the deep learning algorithms and (b) training set imbalance, as a potential source of bias causing differential performance across gender and race. Experimental investigations are conducted on two latest large-scale publicly available facial attribute datasets, namely, UTKFace and FairFace. The experimental results suggested that the algorithms with architectural differences varied in performance with consistency towards specific gender-race groups. For instance, for all the algorithms used, Black females (Black race in general) always obtained the least accuracy rates. Middle Eastern males and Latino females obtained higher accuracy rates most of the time. Training set imbalance further widens the gap in the unequal accuracy rates across all gender-race groups. Further investigations using facial landmarks suggested that facial morphological differences due to the bone structure influenced by genetic and environmental factors could be the cause of the least performance of Black females and Black race, in general.      
### 10.BWCFace: Open-set Face Recognition using Body-worn Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11458.pdf)
>  With computer vision reaching an inflection point in the past decade, face recognition technology has become pervasive in policing, intelligence gathering, and consumer applications. Recently, face recognition technology has been deployed on bodyworn cameras to keep officers safe, enabling situational awareness and providing evidence for trial. However, limited academic research has been conducted on this topic using traditional techniques on datasets with small sample size. This paper aims to bridge the gap in the state-of-the-art face recognition using bodyworn cameras (BWC). To this aim, the contribution of this work is two-fold: (1) collection of a dataset called BWCFace consisting of a total of 178K facial images of 132 subjects captured using the body-worn camera in in-door and daylight conditions, and (2) open-set evaluation of the latest deep-learning-based Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architectures combined with five different loss functions for face identification, on the collected dataset. Experimental results on our BWCFace dataset suggest a maximum of 33.89% Rank-1 accuracy obtained when facial features are extracted using SENet-50 trained on a large scale VGGFace2 facial image dataset. However, performance improved up to a maximum of 99.00% Rank-1 accuracy when pretrained CNN models are fine-tuned on a subset of identities in our BWCFace dataset. Equivalent performances were obtained across body-worn camera sensor models used in existing face datasets. The collected BWCFace dataset and the pretrained/ fine-tuned algorithms are publicly available to promote further research and development in this area. A downloadable link of this dataset and the algorithms is available by contacting the authors.      
### 11.3D Object Localization Using 2D Estimates for Computer Vision Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11446.pdf)
>  A technique for object localization based on pose estimation and camera calibration is presented. The 3-dimensional (3D) coordinates are estimated by collecting multiple 2-dimensional (2D) images of the object and are utilized for the calibration of the camera. The calibration steps involving a number of parameter calculation including intrinsic and extrinsic parameters for the removal of lens distortion, computation of object's size and camera's position calculation are discussed. A transformation strategy to estimate the 3D pose using the 2D images is presented. The proposed method is implemented on MATLAB and validation experiments are carried out for both pose estimation and camera calibration.      
### 12.Unifying data for fine-grained visual species classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11433.pdf)
>  Wildlife monitoring is crucial to nature conservation and has been done by manual observations from motion-triggered camera traps deployed in the field. Widespread adoption of such in-situ sensors has resulted in unprecedented data volumes being collected over the last decade. A significant challenge exists to process and reliably identify what is in these images efficiently. Advances in computer vision are poised to provide effective solutions with custom AI models built to automatically identify images of interest and label the species in them. Here we outline the data unification effort for the Wildlife Insights platform from various conservation partners, and the challenges involved. Then we present an initial deep convolutional neural network model, trained on 2.9M images across 465 fine-grained species, with a goal to reduce the load on human experts to classify species in images manually. The long-term goal is to enable scientists to make conservation recommendations from near real-time analysis of species abundance and population health.      
### 13.Automatic identification of fossils and abiotic grains during carbonate microfacies analysis using deep convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11429.pdf)
>  Petrographic analysis based on microfacies identification in thin sections is widely used in sedimentary environment interpretation and paleoecological reconstruction. Fossil recognition from microfacies is an essential procedure for petrographers to complete this task. Distinguishing the morphological and microstructural diversity of skeletal fragments requires extensive prior knowledge of fossil morphotypes in microfacies and long training sessions under the microscope. This requirement engenders certain challenges for sedimentologists and paleontologists, especially novices. However, a machine classifier can help address this challenge. We collected a microfacies image dataset comprising both public data from 1,149 references and our own materials (including a total of 30,815 images of 22 fossil and abiotic grain groups). We employed a high-performance workstation to implement four classic deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs), which have proven to be highly efficient in computer vision over the last several years. Our framework uses a transfer learning technique, which reuses the pre-trained parameters that are trained on a larger ImageNet dataset as initialization for the network to achieve high accuracy with low computing costs. We obtained up to 95% of the top one and 99% of the top three test accuracies in the Inception ResNet v2 architecture. The machine classifier exhibited 0.99 precision on minerals, such as dolomite and pyrite. Although it had some difficulty on samples having similar morphologies, such as the bivalve, brachiopod, and ostracod, it nevertheless obtained 0.88 precision. Our machine learning framework demonstrated high accuracy with reproducibility and bias avoidance that was comparable to those of human classifiers. Its application can thus eliminate much of the tedious, manually intensive efforts by human experts conducting routine identification.      
### 14.FTN: Foreground-Guided Texture-Focused Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11425.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (Re-ID) is a challenging task as persons are often in different backgrounds. Most recent Re-ID methods treat the foreground and background information equally for person discriminative learning, but can easily lead to potential false alarm problems when different persons are in similar backgrounds or the same person is in different backgrounds. In this paper, we propose a Foreground-Guided Texture-Focused Network (FTN) for Re-ID, which can weaken the representation of unrelated background and highlight the attributes person-related in an end-to-end manner. FTN consists of a semantic encoder (S-Enc) and a compact foreground attention module (CFA) for Re-ID task, and a texture-focused decoder (TF-Dec) for reconstruction task. Particularly, we build a foreground-guided semi-supervised learning strategy for TF-Dec because the reconstructed ground-truths are only the inputs of FTN weighted by the Gaussian mask and the attention mask generated by CFA. Moreover, a new gradient loss is introduced to encourage the network to mine the texture consistency between the inputs and the reconstructed outputs. Our FTN is computationally efficient and extensive experiments on three commonly used datasets Market1501, CUHK03 and MSMT17 demonstrate that the proposed method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 15.Dense Forecasting of Wildfire Smoke Particulate Matter Using Sparsity Invariant Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11362.pdf)
>  Accurate forecasts of fine particulate matter (PM 2.5) from wildfire smoke are crucial to safeguarding cardiopulmonary public health. Existing forecasting systems are trained on sparse and inaccurate ground truths, and do not take sufficient advantage of important spatial inductive biases. In this work, we present a convolutional neural network which preserves sparsity invariance throughout, and leverages multitask learning to perform dense forecasts of PM 2.5values. We demonstrate that our model outperforms two existing smoke forecasting systems during the 2018 and 2019 wildfire season in British Columbia, Canada, predicting PM 2.5 at a grid resolution of 10 km, 24 hours in advance with high fidelity. Most interestingly, our model also generalizes to meaningful smoke dispersion patterns despite training with irregularly distributed ground truth PM 2.5 values available in only 0.5% of grid cells.      
### 16.Insights on Evaluation of Camera Re-localization Using Relative Pose Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11342.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of relative pose regression in visual relocalization. Recently, several promising approaches have emerged in this area. We claim that even though they demonstrate on the same datasets using the same split to train and test, a faithful comparison between them was not available since on currently used evaluation metric, some approaches might perform favorably, while in reality performing worse. We reveal a tradeoff between accuracy and the 3D volume of the regressed subspace. We believe that unlike other relocalization approaches, in the case of relative pose regression, the regressed subspace 3D volume is less dependent on the scene and more affect by the method used to score the overlap, which determined how closely sampled viewpoints are. We propose three new metrics to remedy the issue mentioned above. The proposed metrics incorporate statistics about the regression subspace volume. We also propose a new pose regression network that serves as a new baseline for this task. We compare the performance of our trained model on Microsoft 7-Scenes and Cambridge Landmarks datasets both with the standard metrics and the newly proposed metrics and adjust the overlap score to reveal the tradeoff between the subspace and performance. The results show that the proposed metrics are more robust to different overlap threshold than the conventional approaches. Finally, we show that our network generalizes well, specifically, training on a single scene leads to little loss of performance on the other scenes.      
### 17.ECOVNet: An Ensemble of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks Based on EfficientNet to Detect COVID-19 From Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11850.pdf)
>  This paper proposed an ensemble of deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) based on EfficientNet, named ECOVNet, to detect COVID-19 using a large chest X-ray data set. At first, the open-access large chest X-ray collection is augmented, and then ImageNet pre-trained weights for EfficientNet is transferred with some customized fine-tuning top layers that are trained, followed by an ensemble of model snapshots to classify chest X-rays corresponding to COVID-19, normal, and pneumonia. The predictions of the model snapshots, which are created during a single training, are combined through two ensemble strategies, i.e., hard ensemble and soft ensemble to ameliorate classification performance and generalization in the related task of classifying chest X-rays.      
### 18.How Neural Networks Extrapolate: From Feedforward to Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11848.pdf)
>  We study how neural networks trained by gradient descent extrapolate, i.e., what they learn outside the support of training distribution. Previous works report mixed empirical results when extrapolating with neural networks: while multilayer perceptrons (MLPs) do not extrapolate well in simple tasks, Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), a structured network with MLP modules, have some success in more complex tasks. We provide a theoretical explanation and identify conditions under which MLPs and GNNs extrapolate well. We start by showing ReLU MLPs trained by gradient descent converge quickly to linear functions along any direction from the origin, which suggests ReLU MLPs cannot extrapolate well in most non-linear tasks. On the other hand, ReLU MLPs can provably converge to a linear target function when the training distribution is "diverse" enough. These observations lead to a hypothesis: GNNs can extrapolate well in dynamic programming (DP) tasks if we encode appropriate non-linearity in the architecture and input representation. We provide theoretical and empirical support for the hypothesis. Our theory explains previous extrapolation success and suggest their limitations: successful extrapolation relies on incorporating task-specific non-linearity, which often requires domain knowledge or extensive model search.      
### 19.A Gradient Flow Framework For Analyzing Network Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11839.pdf)
>  Recent network pruning methods focus on pruning models early-on in training. To estimate the impact of removing a parameter, these methods use importance measures that were originally designed for pruning trained models. Despite lacking justification for their use early-on in training, models pruned using such measures result in surprisingly minimal accuracy loss. To better explain this behavior, we develop a general, gradient-flow based framework that relates state-of-the-art importance measures through an order of time-derivative of the norm of model parameters. We use this framework to determine the relationship between pruning measures and evolution of model parameters, establishing several findings related to pruning models early-on in training: (i) magnitude-based pruning removes parameters that contribute least to reduction in loss, resulting in models that converge faster than magnitude-agnostic methods; (ii) loss-preservation based pruning preserves first-order model evolution dynamics and is well-motivated for pruning minimally trained models; and (iii) gradient-norm based pruning affects second-order model evolution dynamics, and increasing gradient norm via pruning can produce poorly performing models. We validate our claims on several VGG-13, MobileNet-V1, and ResNet-56 models trained on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/EkdeepSLubana/flowandprune" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Learning Graph Normalization for Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11746.pdf)
>  Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have attracted considerable attention and have emerged as a new promising paradigm to process graph-structured data. GNNs are usually stacked to multiple layers and the node representations in each layer are computed through propagating and aggregating the neighboring node features with respect to the graph. By stacking to multiple layers, GNNs are able to capture the long-range dependencies among the data on the graph and thus bring performance improvements. To train a GNN with multiple layers effectively, some normalization techniques (e.g., node-wise normalization, batch-wise normalization) are necessary. However, the normalization techniques for GNNs are highly task-relevant and different application tasks prefer to different normalization techniques, which is hard to know in advance. To tackle this deficiency, in this paper, we propose to learn graph normalization by optimizing a weighted combination of normalization techniques at four different levels, including node-wise normalization, adjacency-wise normalization, graph-wise normalization, and batch-wise normalization, in which the adjacency-wise normalization and the graph-wise normalization are newly proposed in this paper to take into account the local structure and the global structure on the graph, respectively. By learning the optimal weights, we are able to automatically select a single best or a best combination of multiple normalizations for a specific task. We conduct extensive experiments on benchmark datasets for different tasks, including node classification, link prediction, graph classification and graph regression, and confirm that the learned graph normalization leads to competitive results and that the learned weights suggest the appropriate normalization techniques for the specific task. Source code is released here <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cyh1112/GraphNormalization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Interpreting and Boosting Dropout from a Game-Theoretic View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11729.pdf)
>  This paper aims to understand and improve the utility of the dropout operation from the perspective of game-theoretic interactions. We prove that dropout can suppress the strength of interactions between input variables of deep neural networks (DNNs). The theoretical proof is also verified by various experiments. Furthermore, we find that such interactions were strongly related to the over-fitting problem in deep learning. Thus, the utility of dropout can be regarded as decreasing interactions to alleviating the significance of over-fitting. Based on this understanding, we propose an interaction loss to further improve the utility of dropout. Experimental results have shown that the interaction loss can effectively improve the utility of dropout and boost the performance of DNNs.      
### 22.Eye Movement Feature Classification for Soccer Expertise Identification in Virtual Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11676.pdf)
>  Latest research in expertise assessment of soccer players pronounced the importance of perceptual skills. Former research focused either on high experimental control or natural presentation mode. To assess perceptual skills of athletes, in an optimized manner, we captured omnidirectional in-field scenes, showed to 12 expert, 9 intermediate and 13 novice goalkeepers from soccer on virtual reality glasses. All scenes where shown from the same natural goalkeeper perspective and ended after the return pass to the goalkeeper. Based on their responses and gaze behavior we classified their expertise with common machine learning techniques. This pilot study shows promising results for objective classification of goalkeepers expertise based on their gaze behaviour.      
### 23.Residual Feature Distillation Network for Lightweight Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11551.pdf)
>  Recent advances in single image super-resolution (SISR) explored the power of convolutional neural network (CNN) to achieve a better performance. Despite the great success of CNN-based methods, it is not easy to apply these methods to edge devices due to the requirement of heavy computation. To solve this problem, various fast and lightweight CNN models have been proposed. The information distillation network is one of the state-of-the-art methods, which adopts the channel splitting operation to extract distilled features. However, it is not clear enough how this operation helps in the design of efficient SISR models. In this paper, we propose the feature distillation connection (FDC) that is functionally equivalent to the channel splitting operation while being more lightweight and flexible. Thanks to FDC, we can rethink the information multi-distillation network (IMDN) and propose a lightweight and accurate SISR model called residual feature distillation network (RFDN). RFDN uses multiple feature distillation connections to learn more discriminative feature representations. We also propose a shallow residual block (SRB) as the main building block of RFDN so that the network can benefit most from residual learning while still being lightweight enough. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed RFDN achieve a better trade-off against the state-of-the-art methods in terms of performance and model complexity. Moreover, we propose an enhanced RFDN (E-RFDN) and won the first place in the AIM 2020 efficient super-resolution challenge. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/njulj/RFDN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Adversarial Brain Multiplex Prediction From a Single Network for High-Order Connectional Gender-Specific Brain Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11524.pdf)
>  Brain connectivity networks, derived from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), non-invasively quantify the relationship in function, structure, and morphology between two brain regions of interest (ROIs) and give insights into gender-related connectional differences. However, to the best of our knowledge, studies on gender differences in brain connectivity were limited to investigating pairwise (i.e., low-order) relationship ROIs, overlooking the complex high-order interconnectedness of the brain as a network. To address this limitation, brain multiplexes have been introduced to model the relationship between at least two different brain networks. However, this inhibits their application to datasets with single brain networks such as functional networks. To fill this gap, we propose the first work on predicting brain multiplexes from a source network to investigate gender differences. Recently, generative adversarial networks (GANs) submerged the field of medical data synthesis. However, although conventional GANs work well on images, they cannot handle brain networks due to their non-Euclidean topological structure. Differently, in this paper, we tap into the nascent field of geometric-GANs (G-GAN) to design a deep multiplex prediction architecture comprising (i) a geometric source to target network translator mimicking a U-Net architecture with skip connections and (ii) a conditional discriminator which classifies predicted target intra-layers by conditioning on the multiplex source intra-layers. Such architecture simultaneously learns the latent source network representation and the deep non-linear mapping from the source to target multiplex intra-layers. Our experiments on a large dataset demonstrated that predicted multiplexes significantly boost gender classification accuracy compared with source networks and identifies both low and high-order gender-specific multiplex connections.      
### 25.Detection of Iterative Adversarial Attacks via Counter Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11397.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have proven to be powerful tools for processing unstructured data. However for high-dimensional data, like images, they are inherently vulnerable to adversarial attacks. Small almost invisible perturbations added to the input can be used to fool DNNs. Various attacks, hardening methods and detection methods have been introduced in recent years. Notoriously, Carlini-Wagner (CW) type attacks computed by iterative minimization belong to those that are most difficult to detect. In this work, we demonstrate that such iterative minimization attacks can by used as detectors themselves. Thus, in some sense we show that one can fight fire with fire. This work also outlines a mathematical proof that under certain assumptions this detector provides asymptotically optimal separation of original and attacked images. In numerical experiments, we obtain AUROC values up to 99.73% for our detection method. This distinctly surpasses state of the art detection rates for CW attacks from the literature. We also give numerical evidence that our method is robust against the attacker's choice of the method of attack.      
### 26.Generative Modelling of 3D in-silico Spongiosa with Controllable Micro-Structural Parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11327.pdf)
>  Research in vertebral bone micro-structure generally requires costly procedures to obtain physical scans of real bone with a specific pathology under study, since no methods are available yet to generate realistic bone structures in-silico. Here we propose to apply recent advances in generative adversarial networks (GANs) to develop such a method. We adapted style-transfer techniques, which have been largely used in other contexts, in order to transfer style between image pairs while preserving its informational content. In a first step, we trained a volumetric generative model in a progressive manner using a Wasserstein objective and gradient penalty (PWGAN-GP) to create patches of realistic bone structure in-silico. The training set contained 7660 purely spongeous bone samples from twelve human vertebrae (T12 or L1) with isotropic resolution of 164um and scanned with a high resolution peripheral quantitative CT (Scanco XCT). After training, we generated new samples with tailored micro-structure properties by optimizing a vector z in the learned latent space. To solve this optimization problem, we formulated a differentiable goal function that leads to valid samples while compromising the appearance (content) with target 3D properties (style). Properties of the learned latent space effectively matched the data distribution. Furthermore, we were able to simulate the resulting bone structure after deterioration or treatment effects of osteoporosis therapies based only on expected changes of micro-structural parameters. Our method allows to generate a virtually infinite number of patches of realistic bone micro-structure, and thereby likely serves for the development of bone-biomarkers and to simulate bone therapies in advance.      
