# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 2 Sep 2020
### 1.Inducing Predictive Uncertainty Estimation for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00603.pdf)
>  Knowing when an output can be trusted is critical for reliably using face recognition systems. While there has been enormous effort in recent research on improving face verification performance, understanding when a model's predictions should or should not be trusted has received far less attention. Our goal is to assign a confidence score for a face image that reflects its quality in terms of recognizable information. To this end, we propose a method for generating image quality training data automatically from 'mated-pairs' of face images, and use the generated data to train a lightweight Predictive Confidence Network, termed as PCNet, for estimating the confidence score of a face image. We systematically evaluate the usefulness of PCNet with its error versus reject performance, and demonstrate that it can be universally paired with and improve the robustness of any verification model. We describe three use cases on the public IJB-C face verification benchmark: (i) to improve 1:1 image-based verification error rates by rejecting low-quality face images; (ii) to improve quality score based fusion performance on the 1:1 set-based verification benchmark; and (iii) its use as a quality measure for selecting high quality (unblurred, good lighting, more frontal) faces from a collection, e.g. for automatic enrolment or display.      
### 2.A Short Review on Data Modelling for Vector Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00577.pdf)
>  Machine learning methods based on statistical principles have proven highly successful in dealing with a wide variety of data analysis and analytics tasks. Traditional data models are mostly concerned with independent identically distributed data. The recent success of end-to-end modelling scheme using deep neural networks equipped with effective structures such as convolutional layers or skip connections allows the extension to more sophisticated and structured practical data, such as natural language, images, videos, etc. On the application side, vector fields are an extremely useful type of data in empirical sciences, as well as signal processing, e.g. non-parametric transformations of 3D point clouds using 3D vector fields, the modelling of the fluid flow in earth science, and the modelling of physical fields. <br>This review article is dedicated to recent computational tools of vector fields, including vector data representations, predictive model of spatial data, as well as applications in computer vision, signal processing, and empirical sciences.      
### 3.MORPH-DSLAM: Model Order Reduction for PHysics-based Deformable SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00576.pdf)
>  We propose a new methodology to estimate the 3D displacement field of deformable objects from video sequences using standard monocular cameras. We solve in real time the complete (possibly visco-)hyperelasticity problem to properly describe the strain and stress fields that are consistent with the displacements captured by the images, constrained by real physics. We do not impose any ad-hoc prior or energy minimization in the external surface, since the real and complete mechanics problem is solved. This means that we can also estimate the internal state of the objects, even in occluded areas, just by observing the external surface and the knowledge of material properties and geometry. Solving this problem in real time using a realistic constitutive law, usually non-linear, is out of reach for current systems. To overcome this difficulty, we solve off-line a parametrized problem that considers each source of variability in the problem as a new parameter and, consequently, as a new dimension in the formulation. Model Order Reduction methods allow us to reduce the dimensionality of the problem, and therefore, its computational cost, while preserving the visualization of the solution in the high-dimensionality space. This allows an accurate estimation of the object deformations, improving also the robustness in the 3D points estimation.      
### 4.A Primer on Motion Capture with Deep Learning: Principles, Pitfalls and Perspectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00564.pdf)
>  Extracting behavioral measurements non-invasively from video is stymied by the fact that it is a hard computational problem. Recent advances in deep learning have tremendously advanced predicting posture from videos directly, which quickly impacted neuroscience and biology more broadly. In this primer we review the budding field of motion capture with deep learning. In particular, we will discuss the principles of those novel algorithms, highlight their potential as well as pitfalls for experimentalists, and provide a glimpse into the future.      
### 5.A High-Level Description and Performance Evaluation of Pupil Invisible  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00508.pdf)
>  Head-mounted eye trackers promise convenient access to reliable gaze data in unconstrained environments. Due to several limitations, however, often they can only partially deliver on this promise. <br>Among those are the following: (i) the necessity of performing a device setup and calibration prior to every use of the eye tracker, (ii) a lack of robustness of gaze-estimation results against perturbations, such as outdoor lighting conditions and unavoidable slippage of the eye tracker on the head of the subject, and (iii) behavioral distortion resulting from social awkwardness, due to the unnatural appearance of current head-mounted eye trackers. <br>Recently, Pupil Labs released Pupil Invisible glasses, a head-mounted eye tracker engineered to tackle these limitations. Here, we present an extensive evaluation of its gaze-estimation capabilities. To this end, we designed a data-collection protocol and evaluation scheme geared towards providing a faithful portrayal of the real-world usage of Pupil Invisible glasses. <br>In particular, we develop a geometric framework for gauging gaze-estimation accuracy that goes beyond reporting mean angular accuracy. We demonstrate that Pupil Invisible glasses, without the need of a calibration, provide gaze estimates which are robust to perturbations, including outdoor lighting conditions and slippage of the headset.      
### 6.DropLeaf: a precision farming smartphone application for measuring pesticide spraying methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00453.pdf)
>  Pesticide application has been heavily used in the cultivation of major crops, contributing to the increase of crop production over the past decades. However, their appropriate use and calibration of machines rely upon evaluation methodologies that can precisely estimate how well the pesticides' spraying covered the crops. A few strategies have been proposed in former works, yet their elevated costs and low portability do not permit their wide adoption. This work introduces and experimentally assesses a novel tool that functions over a smartphone-based mobile application, named DropLeaf - Spraying Meter. Tests performed using DropLeaf demonstrated that, notwithstanding its versatility, it can estimate the pesticide spraying with high precision. Our methodology is based on image analysis, and the assessment of spraying deposition measures is performed successfully over real and synthetic water-sensitive papers. The proposed tool can be extensively used by farmers and agronomists furnished with regular smartphones, improving the utilization of pesticides with well-being, ecological, and monetary advantages. DropLeaf can be easily used for spray drift assessment of different methods, including emerging UAV (Unmanned Aerial Vehicle) sprayers.      
### 7.Multimodal Aggregation Approach for Memory Vision-Voice Indoor Navigation with Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00402.pdf)
>  Vision and voice are two vital keys for agents' interaction and learning. In this paper, we present a novel indoor navigation model called Memory Vision-Voice Indoor Navigation (MVV-IN), which receives voice commands and analyzes multimodal information of visual observation in order to enhance robots' environment understanding. We make use of single RGB images taken by a first-view monocular camera. We also apply a self-attention mechanism to keep the agent focusing on key areas. Memory is important for the agent to avoid repeating certain tasks unnecessarily and in order for it to adapt adequately to new scenes, therefore, we make use of meta-learning. We have experimented with various functional features extracted from visual observation. Comparative experiments prove that our methods outperform state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 8.LiftFormer: 3D Human Pose Estimation using attention models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00348.pdf)
>  Estimating the 3D position of human joints has become a widely researched topic in the last years. Special emphasis has gone into defining novel methods that extrapolate 2-dimensional data (keypoints) into 3D, namely predicting the root-relative coordinates of joints associated to human skeletons. The latest research trends have proven that the Transformer Encoder blocks aggregate temporal information significantly better than previous approaches. Thus, we propose the usage of these models to obtain more accurate 3D predictions by leveraging temporal information using attention mechanisms on ordered sequences human poses in videos. <br>Our method consistently outperforms the previous best results from the literature when using both 2D keypoint predictors by 0.3 mm (44.8 MPJPE, 0.7% improvement) and ground truth inputs by 2mm (MPJPE: 31.9, 8.4% improvement) on Human3.6M. It also achieves state-of-the-art performance on the HumanEva-I dataset with 10.5 P-MPJPE (22.2% reduction). The number of parameters in our model is easily tunable and is smaller (9.5M) than current methodologies (16.95M and 11.25M) whilst still having better performance. Thus, our 3D lifting model's accuracy exceeds that of other end-to-end or SMPL approaches and is comparable to many multi-view methods.      
### 9.3D-DEEP: 3-Dimensional Deep-learning based on elevation patterns forroad scene interpretation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00330.pdf)
>  Road detection and segmentation is a crucial task in computer vision for safe autonomous driving. With this in mind, a new net architecture (3D-DEEP) and its end-to-end training methodology for CNN-based semantic segmentation are described along this paper for. The method relies on disparity filtered and LiDAR projected images for three-dimensional information and image feature extraction through fully convolutional networks architectures. The developed models were trained and validated over Cityscapes dataset using just fine annotation examples with 19 different training classes, and over KITTI road dataset. 72.32% mean intersection over union(mIoU) has been obtained for the 19 Cityscapes training classes using the validation images. On the other hand, over KITTIdataset the model has achieved an F1 error value of 97.85% invalidation and 96.02% using the test images.      
### 10.Uncovering Hidden Challenges in Query-Based Video Moment Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00325.pdf)
>  The query-based moment retrieval is a problem of localising a specific clip from an untrimmed video according a query sentence. This is a challenging task that requires interpretation of both the natural language query and the video content. Like in many other areas in computer vision and machine learning, the progress in query-based moment retrieval is heavily driven by the benchmark datasets and, therefore, their quality has significant impact on the field. In this paper, we present a series of experiments assessing how well the benchmark results reflect the true progress in solving the moment retrieval task. Our results indicate substantial biases in the popular datasets and unexpected behaviour of the state-of-the-art models. Moreover, we present new sanity check experiments and approaches for visualising the results. Finally, we suggest possible directions to improve the temporal sentence grounding in the future. Our code for this paper is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mayu-ot.github.io/hidden-challenges-MR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 11.Active Deep Densely Connected Convolutional Network for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00320.pdf)
>  Deep learning based methods have seen a massive rise in popularity for hyperspectral image classification over the past few years. However, the success of deep learning is attributed greatly to numerous labeled samples. It is still very challenging to use only a few labeled samples to train deep learning models to reach a high classification accuracy. An active deep-learning framework trained by an end-to-end manner is, therefore, proposed by this paper in order to minimize the hyperspectral image classification costs. First, a deep densely connected convolutional network is considered for hyperspectral image classification. Different from the traditional active learning methods, an additional network is added to the designed deep densely connected convolutional network to predict the loss of input samples. Then, the additional network could be used to suggest unlabeled samples that the deep densely connected convolutional network is more likely to produce a wrong label. Note that the additional network uses the intermediate features of the deep densely connected convolutional network as input. Therefore, the proposed method is an end-to-end framework. Subsequently, a few of the selected samples are labelled manually and added to the training samples. The deep densely connected convolutional network is therefore trained using the new training set. Finally, the steps above are repeated to train the whole framework iteratively. Extensive experiments illustrates that the method proposed could reach a high accuracy in classification after selecting just a few samples.      
### 12.PIDNet: An Efficient Network for Dynamic Pedestrian Intrusion Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00312.pdf)
>  Vision-based dynamic pedestrian intrusion detection (PID), judging whether pedestrians intrude an area-of-interest (AoI) by a moving camera, is an important task in mobile surveillance. The dynamically changing AoIs and a number of pedestrians in video frames increase the difficulty and computational complexity of determining whether pedestrians intrude the AoI, which makes previous algorithms incapable of this task. In this paper, we propose a novel and efficient multi-task deep neural network, PIDNet, to solve this problem. PIDNet is mainly designed by considering two factors: accurately segmenting the dynamically changing AoIs from a video frame captured by the moving camera and quickly detecting pedestrians from the generated AoI-contained areas. Three efficient network designs are proposed and incorporated into PIDNet to reduce the computational complexity: 1) a special PID task backbone for feature sharing, 2) a feature cropping module for feature cropping, and 3) a lighter detection branch network for feature compression. In addition, considering there are no public datasets and benchmarks in this field, we establish a benchmark dataset to evaluate the proposed network and give the corresponding evaluation metrics for the first time. Experimental results show that PIDNet can achieve 67.1% PID accuracy and 9.6 fps inference speed on the proposed dataset, which serves as a good baseline for the future vision-based dynamic PID study.      
### 13.Generalized Zero-Shot Learning via VAE-Conditioned Generative Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00303.pdf)
>  Generalized zero-shot learning (GZSL) aims to recognize both seen and unseen classes by transferring knowledge from semantic descriptions to visual representations. Recent generative methods formulate GZSL as a missing data problem, which mainly adopts GANs or VAEs to generate visual features for unseen classes. However, GANs often suffer from instability, and VAEs can only optimize the lower bound on the log-likelihood of observed data. To overcome the above limitations, we resort to generative flows, a family of generative models with the advantage of accurate likelihood estimation. More specifically, we propose a conditional version of generative flows for GZSL, i.e., VAE-Conditioned Generative Flow (VAE-cFlow). By using VAE, the semantic descriptions are firstly encoded into tractable latent distributions, conditioned on that the generative flow optimizes the exact log-likelihood of the observed visual features. We ensure the conditional latent distribution to be both semantic meaningful and inter-class discriminative by i) adopting the VAE reconstruction objective, ii) releasing the zero-mean constraint in VAE posterior regularization, and iii) adding a classification regularization on the latent variables. Our method achieves state-of-the-art GZSL results on five well-known benchmark datasets, especially for the significant improvement in the large-scale setting. Code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guyuchao/VAE-cFlow-ZSL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.To augment or not to augment? Data augmentation in user identification based on motion sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00300.pdf)
>  Nowadays, commonly-used authentication systems for mobile device users, e.g. password checking, face recognition or fingerprint scanning, are susceptible to various kinds of attacks. In order to prevent some of the possible attacks, these explicit authentication systems can be enhanced by considering a two-factor authentication scheme, in which the second factor is an implicit authentication system based on analyzing motion sensor data captured by accelerometers or gyroscopes. In order to avoid any additional burdens to the user, the registration process of the implicit authentication system must be performed quickly, i.e. the number of data samples collected from the user is typically small. In the context of designing a machine learning model for implicit user authentication based on motion signals, data augmentation can play an important role. In this paper, we study several data augmentation techniques in the quest of finding useful augmentation methods for motion sensor data. We propose a set of four research questions related to data augmentation in the context of few-shot user identification based on motion sensor signals. We conduct experiments on a benchmark data set, using two deep learning architectures, convolutional neural networks and Long Short-Term Memory networks, showing which and when data augmentation methods bring accuracy improvements. Interestingly, we find that data augmentation is not very helpful, most likely because the signal patterns useful to discriminate users are too sensitive to the transformations brought by certain data augmentation techniques. This result is somewhat contradictory to the common belief that data augmentation is expected to increase the accuracy of machine learning models.      
### 15.Multi-channel Transformers for Multi-articulatory Sign Language Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00299.pdf)
>  Sign languages use multiple asynchronous information channels (articulators), not just the hands but also the face and body, which computational approaches often ignore. In this paper we tackle the multi-articulatory sign language translation task and propose a novel multi-channel transformer architecture. The proposed architecture allows both the inter and intra contextual relationships between different sign articulators to be modelled within the transformer network itself, while also maintaining channel specific information. We evaluate our approach on the RWTH-PHOENIX-Weather-2014T dataset and report competitive translation performance. Importantly, we overcome the reliance on gloss annotations which underpin other state-of-the-art approaches, thereby removing future need for expensive curated datasets.      
### 16.Personalization in Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00268.pdf)
>  In the recent years there has been a growing interest in techniques able to automatically recognize activities performed by people. This field is known as Human Activity recognition (HAR). HAR can be crucial in monitoring the wellbeing of the people, with special regard to the elder population and those people affected by degenerative conditions. One of the main challenges concerns the diversity of the population and how the same activities can be performed in different ways due to physical characteristics and life-style. In this paper we explore the possibility of exploiting physical characteristics and signal similarity to achieve better results with respect to deep learning classifiers that do not rely on this information.      
### 17.Distinctive 3D local deep descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00258.pdf)
>  We present a simple but yet effective method for learning distinctive 3D local deep descriptors (DIPs) that can be used to register point clouds without requiring an initial alignment. Point cloud patches are extracted, canonicalised with respect to their estimated local reference frame and encoded into rotation-invariant compact descriptors by a PointNet-based deep neural network. DIPs can effectively generalise across different sensor modalities because they are learnt end-to-end from locally and randomly sampled points. Because DIPs encode only local geometric information, they are robust to clutter, occlusions and missing regions. We evaluate and compare DIPs against alternative hand-crafted and deep descriptors on several indoor and outdoor datasets consiting of point clouds reconstructed using different sensors. Results show that DIPs (i) achieve comparable results to the state-of-the-art on RGB-D indoor scenes (3DMatch dataset), (ii) outperform state-of-the-art by a large margin on laser-scanner outdoor scenes (ETH dataset), and (iii) generalise to indoor scenes reconstructed with the Visual-SLAM system of Android ARCore. Source code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fabiopoiesi/dip" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Temporal Continuity Based Unsupervised Learning for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00242.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-id) aims to match the same person from images taken across multiple cameras. Most existing person re-id methods generally require a large amount of identity labeled data to act as discriminative guideline for representation learning. Difficulty in manually collecting identity labeled data leads to poor adaptability in practical scenarios. To overcome this problem, we propose an unsupervised center-based clustering approach capable of progressively learning and exploiting the underlying re-id discriminative information from temporal continuity within a camera. We call our framework Temporal Continuity based Unsupervised Learning (TCUL). Specifically, TCUL simultaneously does center based clustering of unlabeled (target) dataset and fine-tunes a convolutional neural network (CNN) pre-trained on irrelevant labeled (source) dataset to enhance discriminative capability of the CNN for the target dataset. Furthermore, it exploits temporally continuous nature of images within-camera jointly with spatial similarity of feature maps across-cameras to generate reliable pseudo-labels for training a re-identification model. As the training progresses, number of reliable samples keep on growing adaptively which in turn boosts representation ability of the CNN. Extensive experiments on three large-scale person re-id benchmark datasets are conducted to compare our framework with state-of-the-art techniques, which demonstrate superiority of TCUL over existing methods.      
### 19.Heatmap Regression via Randomized Rounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00225.pdf)
>  Heatmap regression has become the mainstream methodology for deep learning-based semantic landmark localization, including in facial landmark localization and human pose estimation. Though heatmap regression is robust to large variations in pose, illumination, and occlusion in unconstrained settings, it usually suffers from a sub-pixel localization problem. Specifically, considering that the activation point indices in heatmaps are always integers, quantization error thus appears when using heatmaps as the representation of numerical coordinates. Previous methods to overcome the sub-pixel localization problem usually rely on high-resolution heatmaps. As a result, there is always a trade-off between achieving localization accuracy and computational cost, where the computational complexity of heatmap regression depends on the heatmap resolution in a quadratic manner. In this paper, we formally analyze the quantization error of vanilla heatmap regression and propose a simple yet effective quantization system to address the sub-pixel localization problem. The proposed quantization system induced by the randomized rounding operation 1) encodes the fractional part of numerical coordinates into the ground truth heatmap using a probabilistic approach during training; and 2) decodes the predicted numerical coordinates from a set of activation points during testing. We prove that the proposed quantization system for heatmap regression is unbiased and lossless. Experimental results on four popular facial landmark localization datasets (WFLW, 300W, COFW, and AFLW) demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method for efficient and accurate semantic landmark localization. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/baoshengyu/H3R" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 20.Semantics-aware Adaptive Knowledge Distillation for Sensor-to-Vision Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00210.pdf)
>  Existing vision-based action recognition is susceptible to occlusion and appearance variations, while wearable sensors can alleviate these challenges by capturing human motion with one-dimensional time-series signals (e.g. acceleration, gyroscope and orientation). For the same action, the knowledge learned from vision sensors (videos or images) and wearable sensors, may be related and complementary. However, there exists significantly large modality difference between action data captured by wearable-sensor and vision-sensor in data dimension, data distribution and inherent information content. In this paper, we propose a novel framework, named Semantics-aware Adaptive Knowledge Distillation Networks (SAKDN), to enhance action recognition in vision-sensor modality (videos) by adaptively transferring and distilling the knowledge from multiple wearable sensors. The SAKDN uses multiple wearable-sensors as teacher modalities and uses RGB videos as student modality. Specifically, we transform one-dimensional time-series signals of wearable sensors to two-dimensional images by designing a gramian angular field based virtual image generation model. Then, we build a novel Similarity-Preserving Adaptive Multi-modal Fusion Module (SPAMFM) to adaptively fuse intermediate representation knowledge from different teacher networks. To fully exploit and transfer the knowledge of multiple well-trained teacher networks to the student network, we propose a novel Graph-guided Semantically Discriminative Mapping (GSDM) loss, which utilizes graph-guided ablation analysis to produce a good visual explanation highlighting the important regions across modalities and concurrently preserving the interrelations of original data. Experimental results on Berkeley-MHAD, UTD-MHAD and MMAct datasets well demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed SAKDN.      
### 21.RangeRCNN: Towards Fast and Accurate 3D Object Detection with Range Image Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00206.pdf)
>  We present RangeRCNN, a novel and effective 3D object detection framework based on the range image representation. Most existing 3D object detection methods are either voxel-based or point-based. Though several optimizations have been introduced to ease the sparsity issue and speed up the running time, the two representations are still computationally inefficient. Compared to these two representations, the range image representation is dense and compact which can exploit the powerful 2D convolution and avoid the uncertain receptive field caused by the sparsity issue. Even so, the range image representation is not preferred in 3D object detection due to the scale variation and occlusion. In this paper, we utilize the dilated residual block to better adapt different object scales and obtain a more flexible receptive field on range image. Considering the scale variation and occlusion of the range image, we propose the RV-PV-BEV~(Range View to Point View to Bird's Eye View) module to transfer the feature from the range view to the bird's eye view. The anchor is defined in the BEV space which avoids the scale variation and occlusion. Both RV and BEV cannot provide enough information for height estimation, so we propose a two-stage RCNN for better 3D detection performance. The point view aforementioned does not only serve as a bridge from RV to BEV but also provides pointwise features for RCNN. Extensive experiments show that the proposed RangeRCNN achieves state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI 3D object detection dataset. We prove that the range image based methods can be effective on the KITTI dataset which provides more possibilities for real-time 3D object detection.      
### 22.Deep Ice Layer Tracking and Thickness Estimation using Fully Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00191.pdf)
>  Global warming is rapidly reducing glaciers and ice sheets across the world. Real time assessment of this reduction is required so as to monitor its global climatic impact. In this paper, we introduce a novel way of estimating the thickness of each internal ice layer using Snow Radar images and Fully Convolutional Networks. The estimated thickness can be analysed to understand snow accumulation each year. To understand the depth and structure of each internal ice layer, we carry out a set of image processing techniques and perform semantic segmentation on the radar images. After detecting each ice layer uniquely, we calculate its thickness and compare it with the available ground truth. Through this procedure we were able to estimate the ice layer thicknesses within a Mean Absolute Error of approximately 3.6 pixels. Such a Deep Learning based method can be used with ever-increasing datasets to make accurate assessments for cryospheric studies.      
### 23.Object Detection-Based Variable Quantization Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00189.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a preprocessing method for conventional image and video encoders that can make these existing encoders content-aware. By going through our process, a higher quality parameter could be set on a traditional encoder without increasing the output size. A still frame or an image will firstly go through an object detector. Either the properties of the detection result will decide the parameters of the following procedures, or the system will be bypassed if no object is detected in the given frame. The processing method utilizes an adaptive quantization process to determine the portion of data to be dropped. This method is primarily based on the JPEG compression theory and is optimum for JPEG-based encoders such as JPEG encoders and the Motion JPEG encoders. However, other DCT-based encoders like MPEG part 2, H.264, etc. can also benefit from this method. In the experiments, we compare the MS-SSIM under the same bitrate as well as similar MS-SSIM but enhanced bitrate. As this method is based on human perception, even with similar MS-SSIM, the overall watching experience will be better than the direct encoded ones.      
### 24.Utilizing Satellite Imagery Datasets and Machine Learning Data Models to Evaluate Infrastructure Change in Undeveloped Regions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00185.pdf)
>  In the globalized economic world, it has become important to understand the purpose behind infrastructural and construction initiatives occurring within developing regions of the earth. This is critical when the financing for such projects must be coming from external sources, as is occurring throughout major portions of the African continent. When it comes to imagery analysis to research these regions, ground and aerial coverage is either non-existent or not commonly acquired. However, imagery from a large number of commercial, private, and government satellites have produced enormous datasets with global coverage, compiling geospatial resources that can be mined and processed using machine learning algorithms and neural networks. The downside is that a majority of these geospatial data resources are in a state of technical stasis, as it is difficult to quickly parse and determine a plan for request and processing when acquiring satellite image data. A goal of this research is to allow automated monitoring for largescale infrastructure projects, such as railways, to determine reliable metrics that define and predict the direction construction initiatives could take, allowing for a directed monitoring via narrowed and targeted satellite imagery requests. By utilizing photogrammetric techniques on available satellite data to create 3D Meshes and Digital Surface Models (DSM) we hope to effectively predict transport routes. In understanding the potential directions that largescale transport infrastructure will take through predictive modeling, it becomes much easier to track, understand, and monitor progress, especially in areas with limited imagery coverage.      
### 25.Automatic Radish Wilt Detection Using Image Processing Based Techniques and Machine Learning Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00173.pdf)
>  Image processing, computer vision, and pattern recognition have been playing a vital role in diverse agricultural applications, such as species detection, recognition, classification, identification, plant growth stages, plant disease detection, and many more. On the other hand, there is a growing need to capture high resolution images using unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) and to develop better algorithms in order to find highly accurate and to the point results. In this paper, we propose a segmentation and extraction-based technique to detect fusarium wilt in radish crops. Recent wilt detection algorithms are either based on image processing techniques or conventional machine learning algorithms. However, our methodology is based on a hybrid algorithm, which combines image processing and machine learning. First, the crop image is divided into three segments, which include viz., healthy vegetation, ground and packing material. Based on the HSV decision tree algorithm, all the three segments are segregated from the image. Second, the extracted segments are summed together into an empty canvas of the same resolution as the image and one new image is produced. Third, this new image is compared with the original image, and a final noisy image, which contains traces of wilt is extracted. Finally, a k-means algorithm is applied to eliminate the noise and to extract the accurate wilt from it. Moreover, the extracted wilt is mapped on the original image using the contouring method. The proposed combination of algorithms detects the wilt appropriately, which surpasses the traditional practice of separately using the image processing techniques or machine learning.      
### 26.LodoNet: A Deep Neural Network with 2D Keypoint Matchingfor 3D LiDAR Odometry Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00164.pdf)
>  Deep learning based LiDAR odometry (LO) estimation attracts increasing research interests in the field of autonomous driving and robotics. Existing works feed consecutive LiDAR frames into neural networks as point clouds and match pairs in the learned feature space. In contrast, motivated by the success of image based feature extractors, we propose to transfer the LiDAR frames to image space and reformulate the problem as image feature extraction. With the help of scale-invariant feature transform (SIFT) for feature extraction, we are able to generate matched keypoint pairs (MKPs) that can be precisely returned to the 3D space. A convolutional neural network pipeline is designed for LiDAR odometry estimation by extracted MKPs. The proposed scheme, namely LodoNet, is then evaluated in the KITTI odometry estimation benchmark, achieving on par with or even better results than the state-of-the-art.      
### 27.A Review of Single-Source Deep Unsupervised Visual Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00155.pdf)
>  Large-scale labeled training datasets have enabled deep neural networks to excel across a wide range of benchmark vision tasks. However, in many applications, it is prohibitively expensive and time-consuming to obtain large quantities of labeled data. To cope with limited labeled training data, many have attempted to directly apply models trained on a large-scale labeled source domain to another sparsely labeled or unlabeled target domain. Unfortunately, direct transfer across domains often performs poorly due to the presence of domain shift or dataset bias. Domain adaptation is a machine learning paradigm that aims to learn a model from a source domain that can perform well on a different (but related) target domain. In this paper, we review the latest single-source deep unsupervised domain adaptation methods focused on visual tasks and discuss new perspectives for future research. We begin with the definitions of different domain adaptation strategies and the descriptions of existing benchmark datasets. We then summarize and compare different categories of single-source unsupervised domain adaptation methods, including discrepancy-based methods, adversarial discriminative methods, adversarial generative methods, and self-supervision-based methods. Finally, we discuss future research directions with challenges and possible solutions.      
### 28.GIF: Generative Interpretable Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00149.pdf)
>  Photo-realistic visualization and animation of expressive human faces have been a long standing challenge. On one end of the spectrum, 3D face modeling methods provide parametric control but tend to generate unrealistic images, while on the other end, generative 2D models like GANs (Generative Adversarial Networks) output photo-realistic face images, but lack explicit control. Recent methods gain partial control, either by attempting to disentangle different factors in an unsupervised manner, or by adding control post hoc to a pre-trained model. Trained GANs without pre-defined control, however, may entangle factors that are hard to undo later. To guarantee some disentanglement that provides us with desired kinds of control, we train our generative model conditioned on pre-defined control parameters. Specifically, we condition StyleGAN2 on FLAME, a generative 3D face model. However, we found out that a naive conditioning on FLAME parameters yields rather unsatisfactory results. Instead we render out geometry and photo-metric details of the FLAME mesh and use these for conditioning instead. This gives us a generative 2D face model named GIF (Generative Interpretable Faces) that shares FLAME's parametric control. Given FLAME parameters for shape, pose, and expressions, parameters for appearance and lighting, and an additional style vector, GIF outputs photo-realistic face images. To evaluate how well GIF follows its conditioning and the impact of different design choices, we perform a perceptual study. The code and trained model are publicly available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ParthaEth/GIF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.A Framework For Contrastive Self-Supervised Learning And Designing A New Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00104.pdf)
>  Contrastive self-supervised learning (CSL) is an approach to learn useful representations by solving a pretext task that selects and compares anchor, negative and positive (APN) features from an unlabeled dataset. We present a conceptual framework that characterizes CSL approaches in five aspects (1) data augmentation pipeline, (2) encoder selection, (3) representation extraction, (4) similarity measure, and (5) loss function. We analyze three leading CSL approaches--AMDIM, CPC, and SimCLR--, and show that despite different motivations, they are special cases under this framework. We show the utility of our framework by designing Yet Another DIM (YADIM) which achieves competitive results on CIFAR-10, STL-10 and ImageNet, and is more robust to the choice of encoder and the representation extraction strategy. To support ongoing CSL research, we release the PyTorch implementation of this conceptual framework along with standardized implementations of AMDIM, CPC (V2), SimCLR, BYOL, Moco (V2) and YADIM.      
### 30.Online Multi-Object Tracking and Segmentation with GMPHD Filter and Simple Affinity Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00100.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a highly practical fully online multi-object tracking and segmentation (MOTS) method that uses instance segmentation results as an input in video. The proposed method exploits the Gaussian mixture probability hypothesis density (GMPHD) filter for online approach which is extended with a hierarchical data association (HDA) and a simple affinity fusion (SAF) model. HDA consists of segment-to-track and track-to-track associations. To build the SAF model, an affinity is computed by using the GMPHD filter that is represented by the Gaussian mixture models with position and motion mean vectors, and another affinity for appearance is computed by using the responses from single object tracker such as the kernalized correlation filters. These two affinities are simply fused by using a score-level fusion method such as Min-max normalization. In addition, to reduce false positive segments, we adopt Mask IoU based merging. In experiments, those key modules, i.e., HDA, SAF, and Mask merging show incremental improvements. For instance, ID-switch decreases by half compared to baseline method. In conclusion, our tracker achieves state-of-the-art level MOTS performance.      
### 31.LaDDer: Latent Data Distribution Modelling with a Generative Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00088.pdf)
>  In this paper, we show that the performance of a learnt generative model is closely related to the model's ability to accurately represent the inferred \textbf{latent data distribution}, i.e. its topology and structural properties. We propose LaDDer to achieve accurate modelling of the latent data distribution in a variational autoencoder framework and to facilitate better representation learning. The central idea of LaDDer is a meta-embedding concept, which uses multiple VAE models to learn an embedding of the embeddings, forming a ladder of encodings. We use a non-parametric mixture as the hyper prior for the innermost VAE and learn all the parameters in a unified variational framework. From extensive experiments, we show that our LaDDer model is able to accurately estimate complex latent distribution and results in improvement in the representation quality. We also propose a novel latent space interpolation method that utilises the derived data distribution.      
### 32.Quality-aware semi-supervised learning for CMR segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00584.pdf)
>  One of the challenges in developing deep learning algorithms for medical image segmentation is the scarcity of annotated training data. To overcome this limitation, data augmentation and semi-supervised learning (SSL) methods have been developed. However, these methods have limited effectiveness as they either exploit the existing data set only (data augmentation) or risk negative impact by adding poor training examples (SSL). Segmentations are rarely the final product of medical image analysis - they are typically used in downstream tasks to infer higher-order patterns to evaluate diseases. Clinicians take into account a wealth of prior knowledge on biophysics and physiology when evaluating image analysis results. We have used these clinical assessments in previous works to create robust quality-control (QC) classifiers for automated cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) analysis. In this paper, we propose a novel scheme that uses QC of the downstream task to identify high quality outputs of CMR segmentation networks, that are subsequently utilised for further network training. In essence, this provides quality-aware augmentation of training data in a variant of SSL for segmentation networks (semiQCSeg). We evaluate our approach in two CMR segmentation tasks (aortic and short axis cardiac volume segmentation) using UK Biobank data and two commonly used network architectures (U-net and a Fully Convolutional Network) and compare against supervised and SSL strategies. We show that semiQCSeg improves training of the segmentation networks. It decreases the need for labelled data, while outperforming the other methods in terms of Dice and clinical metrics. SemiQCSeg can be an efficient approach for training segmentation networks for medical image data when labelled datasets are scarce.      
### 33.A Deep 2-Dimensional Dynamical Spiking Neuronal Network for Temporal Encoding trained with STDP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00581.pdf)
>  The brain is known to be a highly complex, asynchronous dynamical system that is highly tailored to encode temporal information. However, recent deep learning approaches to not take advantage of this temporal coding. Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) can be trained using biologically-realistic learning mechanisms, and can have neuronal activation rules that are biologically relevant. This type of network is also structured fundamentally around accepting temporal information through a time-decaying voltage update, a kind of input that current rate-encoding networks have difficulty with. Here we show that a large, deep layered SNN with dynamical, chaotic activity mimicking the mammalian cortex with biologically-inspired learning rules, such as STDP, is capable of encoding information from temporal data. We argue that the randomness inherent in the network weights allow the neurons to form groups that encode the temporal data being inputted after self-organizing with STDP. We aim to show that precise timing of input stimulus is critical in forming synchronous neural groups in a layered network. We analyze the network in terms of network entropy as a metric of information transfer. We hope to tackle two problems at once: the creation of artificial temporal neural systems for artificial intelligence, as well as solving coding mechanisms in the brain.      
### 34.Training Deep Neural Networks with Constrained Learning Parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00540.pdf)
>  Today's deep learning models are primarily trained on CPUs and GPUs. Although these models tend to have low error, they consume high power and utilize large amount of memory owing to double precision floating point learning parameters. Beyond the Moore's law, a significant portion of deep learning tasks would run on edge computing systems, which will form an indispensable part of the entire computation fabric. Subsequently, training deep learning models for such systems will have to be tailored and adopted to generate models that have the following desirable characteristics: low error, low memory, and low power. We believe that deep neural networks (DNNs), where learning parameters are constrained to have a set of finite discrete values, running on neuromorphic computing systems would be instrumental for intelligent edge computing systems having these desirable characteristics. To this extent, we propose the Combinatorial Neural Network Training Algorithm (CoNNTrA), that leverages a coordinate gradient descent-based approach for training deep learning models with finite discrete learning parameters. Next, we elaborate on the theoretical underpinnings and evaluate the computational complexity of CoNNTrA. As a proof of concept, we use CoNNTrA to train deep learning models with ternary learning parameters on the MNIST, Iris and ImageNet data sets and compare their performance to the same models trained using Backpropagation. We use following performance metrics for the comparison: (i) Training error; (ii) Validation error; (iii) Memory usage; and (iv) Training time. Our results indicate that CoNNTrA models use 32x less memory and have errors at par with the Backpropagation models.      
### 35.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Progressive Adaptation of Subspaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00520.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) aims to classify unlabeled target domain by transferring knowledge from labeled source domain with domain shift. Most of the existing UDA methods try to mitigate the adverse impact induced by the shift via reducing domain discrepancy. However, such approaches easily suffer a notorious mode collapse issue due to the lack of labels in target domain. Naturally, one of the effective ways to mitigate this issue is to reliably estimate the pseudo labels for target domain, which itself is hard. To overcome this, we propose a novel UDA method named Progressive Adaptation of Subspaces approach (PAS) in which we utilize such an intuition that appears much reasonable to gradually obtain reliable pseudo labels. Speci fically, we progressively and steadily refine the shared subspaces as bridge of knowledge transfer by adaptively anchoring/selecting and leveraging those target samples with reliable pseudo labels. Subsequently, the refined subspaces can in turn provide more reliable pseudo-labels of the target domain, making the mode collapse highly mitigated. Our thorough evaluation demonstrates that PAS is not only effective for common UDA, but also outperforms the state-of-the arts for more challenging Partial Domain Adaptation (PDA) situation, where the source label set subsumes the target one.      
### 36.End-to-End Hyperspectral-Depth Imaging with Learned Diffractive Optics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00463.pdf)
>  To extend the capabilities of spectral imaging, hyperspectral and depth imaging have been combined to capture the higher-dimensional visual information. However, the form factor of the combined imaging systems increases, limiting the applicability of this new technology. In this work, we propose a monocular imaging system for simultaneously capturing hyperspectral-depth (HS-D) scene information with an optimized diffractive optical element (DOE). In the training phase, this DOE is optimized jointly with a convolutional neural network to estimate HS-D data from a snapshot input. To study natural image statistics of this high-dimensional visual data and to enable such a machine learning-based DOE training procedure, we record two HS-D datasets. One is used for end-to-end optimization in deep optical HS-D imaging, and the other is used for enhancing reconstruction performance with a real-DOE prototype. The optimized DOE is fabricated with a grayscale lithography process and inserted into a portable HS-D camera prototype, which is shown to robustly capture HS-D information. In extensive evaluations, we demonstrate that our deep optical imaging system achieves state-of-the-art results for HS-D imaging and that the optimized DOE outperforms alternative optical designs.      
### 37.Image Super-Resolution using Explicit Perceptual Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00382.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an explicit way to optimize the super-resolution network for generating visually pleasing images. The previous approaches use several loss functions which is hard to interpret and has the implicit relationships to improve the perceptual score. We show how to exploit the machine learning based model which is directly trained to provide the perceptual score on generated images. It is believed that these models can be used to optimizes the super-resolution network which is easier to interpret. We further analyze the characteristic of the existing loss and our proposed explicit perceptual loss for better interpretation. The experimental results show the explicit approach has a higher perceptual score than other approaches. Finally, we demonstrate the relation of explicit perceptual loss and visually pleasing images using subjective evaluation.      
### 38.Recognition Oriented Iris Image Quality Assessment in the Feature Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00294.pdf)
>  A large portion of iris images captured in real world scenarios are poor quality due to the uncontrolled environment and the non-cooperative subject. To ensure that the recognition algorithm is not affected by low-quality images, traditional hand-crafted factors based methods discard most images, which will cause system timeout and disrupt user experience. In this paper, we propose a recognition-oriented quality metric and assessment method for iris image to deal with the problem. The method regards the iris image embeddings Distance in Feature Space (DFS) as the quality metric and the prediction is based on deep neural networks with the attention mechanism. The quality metric proposed in this paper can significantly improve the performance of the recognition algorithm while reducing the number of images discarded for recognition, which is advantageous over hand-crafted factors based iris quality assessment methods. The relationship between Image Rejection Rate (IRR) and Equal Error Rate (EER) is proposed to evaluate the performance of the quality assessment algorithm under the same image quality distribution and the same recognition algorithm. Compared with hand-crafted factors based methods, the proposed method is a trial to bridge the gap between the image quality assessment and biometric recognition.      
### 39.Gaussian Process Gradient Maps for Loop-Closure Detection in Unstructured Planetary Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00221.pdf)
>  The ability to recognize previously mapped locations is an essential feature for autonomous systems. Unstructured planetary-like environments pose a major challenge to these systems due to the similarity of the terrain. As a result, the ambiguity of the visual appearance makes state-of-the-art visual place recognition approaches less effective than in urban or man-made environments. This paper presents a method to solve the loop closure problem using only spatial information. The key idea is to use a novel continuous and probabilistic representations of terrain elevation maps. Given 3D point clouds of the environment, the proposed approach exploits Gaussian Process (GP) regression with linear operators to generate continuous gradient maps of the terrain elevation information. Traditional image registration techniques are then used to search for potential matches. Loop closures are verified by leveraging both the spatial characteristic of the elevation maps (SE(2) registration) and the probabilistic nature of the GP representation. A submap-based localization and mapping framework is used to demonstrate the validity of the proposed approach. The performance of this pipeline is evaluated and benchmarked using real data from a rover that is equipped with a stereo camera and navigates in challenging, unstructured planetary-like environments in Morocco and on Mt. Etna.      
### 40.On The Usage Of Average Hausdorff Distance For Segmentation Performance Assessment: Hidden Bias When Used For Ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00215.pdf)
>  Average Hausdorff Distance (AVD) is a widely used performance measure to calculate the distance between two point sets. In medical image segmentation, AVD is used to compare ground truth images with segmentation results allowing their ranking. We identified, however, a ranking bias of AVD making it less suitable for segmentation ranking. To mitigate this bias, we present a modified calculation of AVD that we have coined balanced AVD (bAVD). To simulate segmentations for ranking, we manually created non-overlapping segmentation errors common in cerebral vessel segmentation as our use-case. Adding the created errors consecutively and randomly to the ground truth, we created sets of simulated segmentations with increasing number of errors. Each set of simulated segmentations was ranked using AVD and bAVD. We calculated the Kendall-rank-correlation-coefficient between the segmentation ranking and the number of errors in each simulated segmentation. The rankings produced by bAVD had a significantly higher average correlation (0.969) than those of AVD (0.847). In 200 total rankings, bAVD misranked 52 and AVD misranked 179 segmentations. Our proposed evaluation measure, bAVD, alleviates AVDs ranking bias making it more suitable for rankings and quality assessment of segmentations.      
### 41.Cross-modal Knowledge Reasoning for Knowledge-based Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00145.pdf)
>  Knowledge-based Visual Question Answering (KVQA) requires external knowledge beyond the visible content to answer questions about an image. This ability is challenging but indispensable to achieve general VQA. One limitation of existing KVQA solutions is that they jointly embed all kinds of information without fine-grained selection, which introduces unexpected noises for reasoning the correct answer. How to capture the question-oriented and information-complementary evidence remains a key challenge to solve the problem. Inspired by the human cognition theory, in this paper, we depict an image by multiple knowledge graphs from the visual, semantic and factual views. Thereinto, the visual graph and semantic graph are regarded as image-conditioned instantiation of the factual graph. On top of these new representations, we re-formulate Knowledge-based Visual Question Answering as a recurrent reasoning process for obtaining complementary evidence from multimodal information. To this end, we decompose the model into a series of memory-based reasoning steps, each performed by a G raph-based R ead, U pdate, and C ontrol ( GRUC ) module that conducts parallel reasoning over both visual and semantic information. By stacking the modules multiple times, our model performs transitive reasoning and obtains question-oriented concept representations under the constrain of different modalities. Finally, we perform graph neural networks to infer the global-optimal answer by jointly considering all the concepts. We achieve a new state-of-the-art performance on three popular benchmark datasets, including FVQA, Visual7W-KB and OK-VQA, and demonstrate the effectiveness and interpretability of our model with extensive experiments.      
### 42.Adversarial Eigen Attack on Black-Box Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00097.pdf)
>  Black-box adversarial attack has attracted a lot of research interests for its practical use in AI safety. Compared with the white-box attack, a black-box setting is more difficult for less available information related to the attacked model and the additional constraint on the query budget. A general way to improve the attack efficiency is to draw support from a pre-trained transferable white-box model. In this paper, we propose a novel setting of transferable black-box attack: attackers may use external information from a pre-trained model with available network parameters, however, different from previous studies, no additional training data is permitted to further change or tune the pre-trained model. To this end, we further propose a new algorithm, EigenBA to tackle this problem. Our method aims to explore more gradient information of the black-box model, and promote the attack efficiency, while keeping the perturbation to the original attacked image small, by leveraging the Jacobian matrix of the pre-trained white-box model. We show the optimal perturbations are closely related to the right singular vectors of the Jacobian matrix. Further experiments on ImageNet and CIFAR-10 show that even the unlearnable pre-trained white-box model could also significantly boost the efficiency of the black-box attack and our proposed method could further improve the attack efficiency.      
### 43.Data and Image Prior Integration for Image Reconstruction Using Consensus Equilibrium  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00092.pdf)
>  Image domain prior models have been shown to improve the quality of reconstructed images, especially when data are limited. Pre-processing of raw data, through the implicit or explicit inclusion of data domain priors have separately also shown utility in improving reconstructions. In this work, a principled approach is presented allowing the unified integration of both data and image domain priors for improved image reconstruction. The consensus equilibrium framework is extended to integrate physical sensor models, data models, and image models. In order to achieve this integration, the conventional image variables used in consensus equilibrium are augmented with variables representing data domain quantities. The overall result produces combined estimates of both the data and the reconstructed image that is consistent with the physical models and prior models being utilized. The prior models used in both domains in this work are created using deep neural networks. The superior quality allowed by incorporating both data and image domain prior models is demonstrated for two applications: limited-angle CT and accelerated MRI. The prior data model in both these applications is focused on recovering missing data. Experimental results are presented for a 90 degree limited-angle tomography problem from a real checked-bagged CT dataset and a 4x accelerated MRI problem on a simulated dataset. The new framework is very flexible and can be easily applied to other computational imaging problems with imperfect data.      
### 44.Image Reconstruction of Static and Dynamic Scenes through Anisoplanatic Turbulence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00071.pdf)
>  Ground based long-range passive imaging systems often suffer from degraded image quality due to a turbulent atmosphere. While methods exist for removing such turbulent distortions, many are limited to static sequences which cannot be extended to dynamic scenes. In addition, the physics of the turbulence is often not integrated into the image reconstruction algorithms, making the physics foundations of the methods weak. In this paper, we present a unified method for atmospheric turbulence mitigation in both static and dynamic sequences. We are able to achieve better results compared to existing methods by utilizing (i) a novel space-time non-local averaging method to construct a reliable reference frame, (ii) a geometric consistency and a sharpness metric to generate the lucky frame, (iii) a physics-constrained prior model of the point spread function for blind deconvolution. Experimental results based on synthetic and real long-range turbulence sequences validate the performance of the proposed method.      
### 45.Semantic Segmentation of Neuronal Bodies in Fluorescence Microscopy Using a 2D+3D CNN Training Strategy with Sparsely Annotated Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.00029.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation of neuronal structures in 3D high-resolution fluorescence microscopy imaging of the human brain cortexcan take advantage of bidimensional CNNs, which yield good resultsin neuron localization but lead to inaccurate surface reconstruction. 3DCNNs on the other hand would require manually annotated volumet-ric data on a large scale, and hence considerable human effort. Semi-supervised alternative strategies which make use only of sparse anno-tations suffer from longer training times and achieved models tend tohave increased capacity compared to 2D CNNs, needing more groundtruth data to attain similar results. To overcome these issues we proposea two-phase strategy for training native 3D CNN models on sparse 2Dannotations where missing labels are inferred by a 2D CNN model andcombined with manual annotations in a weighted manner during losscalculation.      
