# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 9 Sep 2020
### 1.Intraoperative Liver Surface Completion with Graph Convolutional VAE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03871.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a method based on geometric deep learning to predict the complete surface of the liver, given a partial point cloud of the organ obtained during the surgical laparoscopic procedure. We introduce a new data augmentation technique that randomly perturbs shapes in their frequency domain to compensate the limited size of our dataset. The core of our method is a variational autoencoder (VAE) that is trained to learn a latent space for complete shapes of the liver. At inference time, the generative part of the model is embedded in an optimisation procedure where the latent representation is iteratively updated to generate a model that matches the intraoperative partial point cloud. The effect of this optimisation is a progressive non-rigid deformation of the initially generated shape. Our method is qualitatively evaluated on real data and quantitatively evaluated on synthetic data. We compared with a state-of-the-art rigid registration algorithm, that our method outperformed in visible areas.      
### 2.Understanding and Exploiting Dependent Variables with Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03820.pdf)
>  Deep Metric Learning (DML) approaches learn to represent inputs to a lower-dimensional latent space such that the distance between representations in this space corresponds with a predefined notion of similarity. This paper investigates how the mapping element of DML may be exploited in situations where the salient features in arbitrary classification problems vary over time or due to changing underlying variables. Examples of such variable features include seasonal and time-of-day variations in outdoor scenes in place recognition tasks for autonomous navigation and age/gender variations in human/animal subjects in classification tasks for medical/ethological studies. Through the use of visualisation tools for observing the distribution of DML representations per each query variable for which prior information is available, the influence of each variable on the classification task may be better understood. Based on these relationships, prior information on these salient background variables may be exploited at the inference stage of the DML approach by using a clustering algorithm to improve classification performance. This research proposes such a methodology establishing the saliency of query background variables and formulating clustering algorithms for better separating latent-space representations at run-time. The paper also discusses online management strategies to preserve the quality and diversity of data and the representation of each class in the gallery of embeddings in the DML approach. We also discuss latent works towards understanding the relevance of underlying/multiple variables with DML.      
### 3.VisCode: Embedding Information in Visualization Images using Encoder-Decoder Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03817.pdf)
>  We present an approach called VisCode for embedding information into visualization images. This technology can implicitly embed data information specified by the user into a visualization while ensuring that the encoded visualization image is not distorted. The VisCode framework is based on a deep neural network. We propose to use visualization images and QR codes data as training data and design a robust deep encoder-decoder network. The designed model considers the salient features of visualization images to reduce the explicit visual loss caused by encoding. To further support large-scale encoding and decoding, we consider the characteristics of information visualization and propose a saliency-based QR code layout algorithm. We present a variety of practical applications of VisCode in the context of information visualization and conduct a comprehensive evaluation of the perceptual quality of encoding, decoding success rate, anti-attack capability, time performance, etc. The evaluation results demonstrate the effectiveness of VisCode.      
### 4.Understanding Compositional Structures in Art Historical Images using Pose and Gaze Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03807.pdf)
>  Image compositions as a tool for analysis of artworks is of extreme significance for art historians. These compositions are useful in analyzing the interactions in an image to study artists and their artworks. Max Imdahl in his work called Ikonik, along with other prominent art historians of the 20th century, underlined the aesthetic and semantic importance of the structural composition of an image. Understanding underlying compositional structures within images is challenging and a time consuming task. Generating these structures automatically using computer vision techniques (1) can help art historians towards their sophisticated analysis by saving lot of time; providing an overview and access to huge image repositories and (2) also provide an important step towards an understanding of man made imagery by machines. In this work, we attempt to automate this process using the existing state of the art machine learning techniques, without involving any form of training. Our approach, inspired by Max Imdahl's pioneering work, focuses on two central themes of image composition: (a) detection of action regions and action lines of the artwork; and (b) pose-based segmentation of foreground and background. Currently, our approach works for artworks comprising of protagonists (persons) in an image. In order to validate our approach qualitatively and quantitatively, we conduct a user study involving experts and non-experts. The outcome of the study highly correlates with our approach and also demonstrates its domain-agnostic capability. We have open-sourced the code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/image-compostion-canvas-group/image-compostion-canvas" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Analysis and Prediction of Deforming 3D Shapes using Oriented Bounding Boxes and LSTM Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03782.pdf)
>  For sequences of complex 3D shapes in time we present a general approach to detect patterns for their analysis and to predict the deformation by making use of structural components of the complex shape. We incorporate long short-term memory (LSTM) layers into an autoencoder to create low dimensional representations that allow the detection of patterns in the data and additionally detect the temporal dynamics in the deformation behavior. This is achieved with two decoders, one for reconstruction and one for prediction of future time steps of the sequence. In a preprocessing step the components of the studied object are converted to oriented bounding boxes which capture the impact of plastic deformation and allow reducing the dimensionality of the data describing the structure. The architecture is tested on the results of 196 car crash simulations of a model with 133 different components, where material properties are varied. In the latent representation we can detect patterns in the plastic deformation for the different components. The predicted bounding boxes give an estimate of the final simulation result and their quality is improved in comparison to different baselines.      
### 6.Adversarial Machine Learning in Image Classification: A Survey Towards the Defender's Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03728.pdf)
>  Deep Learning algorithms have achieved the state-of-the-art performance for Image Classification and have been used even in security-critical applications, such as biometric recognition systems and self-driving cars. However, recent works have shown those algorithms, which can even surpass the human capabilities, are vulnerable to adversarial examples. In Computer Vision, adversarial examples are images containing subtle perturbations generated by malicious optimization algorithms in order to fool classifiers. As an attempt to mitigate these vulnerabilities, numerous countermeasures have been constantly proposed in literature. Nevertheless, devising an efficient defense mechanism has proven to be a difficult task, since many approaches have already shown to be ineffective to adaptive attackers. Thus, this self-containing paper aims to provide all readerships with a review of the latest research progress on Adversarial Machine Learning in Image Classification, however with a defender's perspective. Here, novel taxonomies for categorizing adversarial attacks and defenses are introduced and discussions about the existence of adversarial examples are provided. Further, in contrast to exisiting surveys, it is also given relevant guidance that should be taken into consideration by researchers when devising and evaluating defenses. Finally, based on the reviewed literature, it is discussed some promising paths for future research.      
### 7.Convolutional Neural Networks for Automatic Detection of Artifacts from Independent Components Represented in Scalp Topographies of EEG Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03696.pdf)
>  Electroencephalography (EEG) measures the electrical brain activity in real-time by using sensors placed on the scalp. Artifacts, due to eye movements and blink, muscular/cardiac activity and generic electrical disturbances, have to be recognized and eliminated to allow a correct interpretation of the useful brain signals (UBS) of EEG. Independent Component Analysis (ICA) is effective to split the signal into independent components (ICs) whose re-projections on 2D scalp topographies (images), also called topoplots, allow to recognize/separate artifacts and by UBS. Until now, IC topoplot analysis, a gold standard in EEG, has been carried on visually by human experts and, hence, not usable in automatic, fast-response EEG. We present a completely automatic and effective framework for EEG artifact recognition by IC topoplots, based on 2D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), capable to divide topoplots in 4 classes: 3 types of artifacts and UBS. The framework setup is described and results are presented, discussed and compared with those obtained by other competitive strategies. Experiments, carried on public EEG datasets, have shown an overall accuracy of above 98%, employing 1.4 sec on a standard PC to classify 32 topoplots, that is to drive an EEG system of 32 sensors. Though not real-time, the proposed framework is efficient enough to be used in fast-response EEG-based Brain-Computer Interfaces (BCI) and faster than other automatic methods based on ICs.      
### 8.Rain rendering for evaluating and improving robustness to bad weather  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03683.pdf)
>  Rain fills the atmosphere with water particles, which breaks the common assumption that light travels unaltered from the scene to the camera. While it is well-known that rain affects computer vision algorithms, quantifying its impact is difficult. In this context, we present a rain rendering pipeline that enables the systematic evaluation of common computer vision algorithms to controlled amounts of rain. We present three different ways to add synthetic rain to existing images datasets: completely physic-based; completely data-driven; and a combination of both. The physic-based rain augmentation combines a physical particle simulator and accurate rain photometric modeling. We validate our rendering methods with a user study, demonstrating our rain is judged as much as 73% more realistic than the state-of-theart. Using our generated rain-augmented KITTI, Cityscapes, and nuScenes datasets, we conduct a thorough evaluation of object detection, semantic segmentation, and depth estimation algorithms and show that their performance decreases in degraded weather, on the order of 15% for object detection, 60% for semantic segmentation, and 6-fold increase in depth estimation error. Finetuning on our augmented synthetic data results in improvements of 21% on object detection, 37% on semantic segmentation, and 8% on depth estimation.      
### 9.A Self-Supervised Gait Encoding Approach with Locality-Awareness for 3D Skeleton Based Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03671.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (Re-ID) via gait features within 3D skeleton sequences is a newly-emerging topic with several advantages. Existing solutions either rely on hand-crafted descriptors or supervised gait representation learning. This paper proposes a self-supervised gait encoding approach that can leverage unlabeled skeleton data to learn gait representations for person Re-ID. Specifically, we first create self-supervision by learning to reconstruct unlabeled skeleton sequences reversely, which involves richer high-level semantics to obtain better gait representations. Other pretext tasks are also explored to further improve self-supervised learning. Second, inspired by the fact that motion's continuity endows adjacent skeletons in one skeleton sequence and temporally consecutive skeleton sequences with higher correlations (referred as locality in 3D skeleton data), we propose a locality-aware attention mechanism and a locality-aware contrastive learning scheme, which aim to preserve locality-awareness on intra-sequence level and inter-sequence level respectively during self-supervised learning. Last, with context vectors learned by our locality-aware attention mechanism and contrastive learning scheme, a novel feature named Constrastive Attention-based Gait Encodings (CAGEs) is designed to represent gait effectively. Empirical evaluations show that our approach significantly outperforms skeleton-based counterparts by 15-40% Rank-1 accuracy, and it even achieves superior performance to numerous multi-modal methods with extra RGB or depth information. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Kali-Hac/Locality-Awareness-SGE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Region Comparison Network for Interpretable Few-shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03558.pdf)
>  While deep learning has been successfully applied to many real-world computer vision tasks, training robust classifiers usually requires a large amount of well-labeled data. However, the annotation is often expensive and time-consuming. Few-shot image classification has thus been proposed to effectively use only a limited number of labeled examples to train models for new classes. Recent works based on transferable metric learning methods have achieved promising classification performance through learning the similarity between the features of samples from the query and support sets. However, rare of them explicitly considers the model interpretability, which can actually be revealed during the training phase. <br>For that, in this work, we propose a metric learning based method named Region Comparison Network (RCN), which is able to reveal how few-shot learning works as in a neural network as well as to find out specific regions that are related to each other in images coming from the query and support sets. Moreover, we also present a visualization strategy named Region Activation Mapping (RAM) to intuitively explain what our method has learned by visualizing intermediate variables in our network. We also present a new way to generalize the interpretability from the level of tasks to categories, which can also be viewed as a method to find the prototypical parts for supporting the final decision of our RCN. Extensive experiments on four benchmark datasets clearly show the effectiveness of our method over existing baselines.      
### 11.Few-Shot Hyperspectral Image Classification With Unknown Classes Using Multitask Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03508.pdf)
>  Current hyperspectral image classification assumes that a predefined classification system is closed and complete, and there are no unknown or novel classes in the unseen data. However, this assumption may be too strict for the real world. Often, novel classes are overlooked when the classification system is constructed. The closed nature forces a model to assign a label given a new sample and may lead to overestimation of known land covers (e.g., crop area). To tackle this issue, we propose a multitask deep learning method that simultaneously conducts classification and reconstruction in the open world (named MDL4OW) where unknown classes may exist. The reconstructed data are compared with the original data; those failing to be reconstructed are considered unknown, based on the assumption that they are not well represented in the latent features due to the lack of labels. A threshold needs to be defined to separate the unknown and known classes; we propose two strategies based on the extreme value theory for few-shot and many-shot scenarios. The proposed method was tested on real-world hyperspectral images; state-of-the-art results were achieved, e.g., improving the overall accuracy by 4.94% for the Salinas data. By considering the existence of unknown classes in the open world, our method achieved more accurate hyperspectral image classification, especially under the few-shot context.      
### 12.A Residual Solver and Its Unfolding Neural Network for Total Variation Regularized Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03477.pdf)
>  This paper proposes to solve the Total Variation regularized models by finding the residual between the input and the unknown optimal solution. After analyzing a previous method, we developed a new iterative algorithm, named as Residual Solver, which implicitly solves the model in gradient domain. We theoretically prove the uniqueness of the gradient field in our algorithm. We further numerically confirm that the residual solver can reach the same global optimal solutions as the classical method on 500 natural images. Moreover, we unfold our iterative algorithm into a convolution neural network (named as Residual Solver Network). This network is unsupervised and can be considered as an "enhanced version" of our iterative algorithm. Finally, both the proposed algorithm and neural network are successfully applied on several problems to demonstrate their effectiveness and efficiency, including image smoothing, denoising, and biomedical image reconstruction. The proposed network is general and can be applied to solve other total variation regularized models.      
### 13.LaSOT: A High-quality Large-scale Single Object Tracking Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03465.pdf)
>  Despite great recent advances in visual tracking, its further development, including both algorithm design and evaluation, is limited due to lack of dedicated large-scale benchmarks. To address this problem, we present LaSOT, a high-quality Large-scale Single Object Tracking benchmark. LaSOT contains a diverse selection of 85 object classes, and offers 1,550 totaling more than 3.87 million frames. Each video frame is carefully and manually annotated with a bounding box. This makes LaSOT, to our knowledge, the largest densely annotated tracking benchmark. Our goal in releasing LaSOT is to provide a dedicated high quality platform for both training and evaluation of trackers. The average video length of LaSOT is around 2,500 frames, where each video contains various challenge factors that exist in real world video footage,such as the targets disappearing and re-appearing. These longer video lengths allow for the assessment of long-term trackers. To take advantage of the close connection between visual appearance and natural language, we provide language specification for each video in LaSOT. We believe such additions will allow for future research to use linguistic features to improve tracking. Two protocols, full-overlap and one-shot, are designated for flexible assessment of trackers. We extensively evaluate 48 baseline trackers on LaSOT with in-depth analysis, and results reveal that there still exists significant room for improvement. The complete benchmark, tracking results as well as analysis are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.cs.stonybrook.edu/~cvl/projects/lasot/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.ePointDA: An End-to-End Simulation-to-Real Domain Adaptation Framework for LiDAR Point Cloud Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03456.pdf)
>  Due to its robust and precise distance measurements, LiDAR plays an important role in scene understanding for autonomous driving. Training deep neural networks (DNNs) on LiDAR data requires large-scale point-wise annotations, which are time-consuming and expensive to obtain. Instead, simulation-to-real domain adaptation (SRDA) trains a DNN using unlimited synthetic data with automatically generated labels and transfers the learned model to real scenarios. Existing SRDA methods for LiDAR point cloud segmentation mainly employ a multi-stage pipeline and focus on feature-level alignment. They require prior knowledge of real-world statistics and ignore the pixel-level dropout noise gap and the spatial feature gap between different domains. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end framework, named ePointDA, to address the above issues. Specifically, ePointDA consists of three components: self-supervised dropout noise rendering, statistics-invariant and spatially-adaptive feature alignment, and transferable segmentation learning. The joint optimization enables ePointDA to bridge the domain shift at the pixel-level by explicitly rendering dropout noise for synthetic LiDAR and at the feature-level by spatially aligning the features between different domains, without requiring the real-world statistics. Extensive experiments adapting from synthetic GTA-LiDAR to real KITTI and SemanticKITTI demonstrate the superiority of ePointDA for LiDAR point cloud segmentation.      
### 15.Convolution Neural Networks for diagnosing colon and lung cancer histopathological images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03878.pdf)
>  Lung and Colon cancer are one of the leading causes of mortality and morbidity in adults. Histopathological diagnosis is one of the key components to discern cancer type. The aim of the present research is to propose a computer aided diagnosis system for diagnosing squamous cell carcinomas and adenocarcinomas of lung as well as adenocarcinomas of colon using convolutional neural networks by evaluating the digital pathology images for these cancers. Hereby, rendering artificial intelligence as useful technology in the near future. A total of 2500 digital images were acquired from LC25000 dataset containing 5000 images for each class. A shallow neural network architecture was used classify the histopathological slides into squamous cell carcinomas, adenocarcinomas and benign for the lung. Similar model was used to classify adenocarcinomas and benign for colon. The diagnostic accuracy of more than 97% and 96% was recorded for lung and colon respectively.      
### 16.TanhSoft -- a family of activation functions combining Tanh and Softplus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03863.pdf)
>  Deep learning at its core, contains functions that are composition of a linear transformation with a non-linear function known as activation function. In past few years, there is an increasing interest in construction of novel activation functions resulting in better learning. In this work, we propose a family of novel activation functions, namely TanhSoft, with four undetermined hyper-parameters of the form tanh({\alpha}x+{\beta}e^{{\gamma}x})ln({\delta}+e^x) and tune these hyper-parameters to obtain activation functions which are shown to outperform several well known activation functions. For instance, replacing ReLU with xtanh(0.6e^x)improves top-1 classification accuracy on CIFAR-10 by 0.46% for DenseNet-169 and 0.7% for Inception-v3 while with tanh(0.87x)ln(1 +e^x) top-1 classification accuracy on CIFAR-100 improves by 1.24% for DenseNet-169 and 2.57% for SimpleNet model.      
### 17.Self-Supervised Scale Recovery for Monocular Depth and Egomotion Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03787.pdf)
>  The self-supervised loss formulation for jointly training depth and egomotion neural networks with monocular images is well studied and has demonstrated state-of-the-art accuracy. One of the main limitations of this approach, however, is that the depth and egomotion estimates are only determined up to an unknown scale. In this paper, we present a novel \textit{scale recovery loss} that enforces consistency between a known camera height and the estimated camera height, generating metric (scaled) depth and egomotion predictions. % We show that our proposed method is competitive with other scale recovery techniques (i.e., pose supervision and stereo left/right consistency constraints). Further, we demonstrate how our method facilitates network retraining within new environments, whereas other scale-resolving approaches are incapable of doing so. Notably, our egomotion network is able to produce more accurate estimates than a similar method that only recovers scale at test time.      
### 18.Deep Cyclic Generative Adversarial Residual Convolutional Networks for Real Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03693.pdf)
>  Recent deep learning based single image super-resolution (SISR) methods mostly train their models in a clean data domain where the low-resolution (LR) and the high-resolution (HR) images come from noise-free settings (same domain) due to the bicubic down-sampling assumption. However, such degradation process is not available in real-world settings. We consider a deep cyclic network structure to maintain the domain consistency between the LR and HR data distributions, which is inspired by the recent success of CycleGAN in the image-to-image translation applications. We propose the Super-Resolution Residual Cyclic Generative Adversarial Network (SRResCycGAN) by training with a generative adversarial network (GAN) framework for the LR to HR domain translation in an end-to-end manner. We demonstrate our proposed approach in the quantitative and qualitative experiments that generalize well to the real image super-resolution and it is easy to deploy for the mobile/embedded devices. In addition, our SR results on the AIM 2020 Real Image SR Challenge datasets demonstrate that the proposed SR approach achieves comparable results as the other state-of-art methods.      
### 19.GPU-based Self-Organizing Maps for Post-Labeled Few-Shot Unsupervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03665.pdf)
>  Few-shot classification is a challenge in machine learning where the goal is to train a classifier using a very limited number of labeled examples. This scenario is likely to occur frequently in real life, for example when data acquisition or labeling is expensive. In this work, we consider the problem of post-labeled few-shot unsupervised learning, a classification task where representations are learned in an unsupervised fashion, to be later labeled using very few annotated examples. We argue that this problem is very likely to occur on the edge, when the embedded device directly acquires the data, and the expert needed to perform labeling cannot be prompted often. To address this problem, we consider an algorithm consisting of the concatenation of transfer learning with clustering using Self-Organizing Maps (SOMs). We introduce a TensorFlow-based implementation to speed-up the process in multi-core CPUs and GPUs. Finally, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the method using standard off-the-shelf few-shot classification benchmarks.      
### 20.Learning more expressive joint distributions in multimodal variational methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03651.pdf)
>  Data often are formed of multiple modalities, which jointly describe the observed phenomena. Modeling the joint distribution of multimodal data requires larger expressive power to capture high-level concepts and provide better data representations. However, multimodal generative models based on variational inference are limited due to the lack of flexibility of the approximate posterior, which is obtained by searching within a known parametric family of distributions. We introduce a method that improves the representational capacity of multimodal variational methods using normalizing flows. It approximates the joint posterior with a simple parametric distribution and subsequently transforms into a more complex one. Through several experiments, we demonstrate that the model improves on state-of-the-art multimodal methods based on variational inference on various computer vision tasks such as colorization, edge and mask detection, and weakly supervised learning. We also show that learning more powerful approximate joint distributions improves the quality of the generated samples. The code of our model is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SashoNedelkoski/BPFDMVM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Imbalanced Continual Learning with Partitioning Reservoir Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03632.pdf)
>  Continual learning from a sequential stream of data is a crucial challenge for machine learning research. Most studies have been conducted on this topic under the single-label classification setting along with an assumption of balanced label distribution. This work expands this research horizon towards multi-label classification. In doing so, we identify unanticipated adversity innately existent in many multi-label datasets, the long-tailed distribution. We jointly address the two independently solved problems, Catastropic Forgetting and the long-tailed label distribution by first empirically showing a new challenge of destructive forgetting of the minority concepts on the tail. Then, we curate two benchmark datasets, COCOseq and NUS-WIDEseq, that allow the study of both intra- and inter-task imbalances. Lastly, we propose a new sampling strategy for replay-based approach named Partitioning Reservoir Sampling (PRS), which allows the model to maintain a balanced knowledge of both head and tail classes. We publicly release the dataset and the code in our project page.      
### 22.Horus: Using Sensor Fusion to Combine Infrastructure and On-board Sensing to Improve Autonomous Vehicle Safety  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03458.pdf)
>  Studies predict that demand for autonomous vehicles will increase tenfold between 2019 and 2026. However, recent high-profile accidents have significantly impacted consumer confidence in this technology. The cause for many of these accidents can be traced back to the inability of these vehicles to correctly sense the impending danger. In response, manufacturers have been improving the already extensive on-vehicle sensor packages to ensure that the system always has access to the data necessary to ensure safe navigation. However, these sensor packages only provide a view from the vehicle's perspective and, as a result, autonomous vehicles still require frequent human intervention to ensure safety. <br>To address this issue, I developed a system, called Horus, that combines on-vehicle and infrastructure-based sensors to provide a more complete view of the environment, including areas not visible from the vehicle. I built a small-scale experimental testbed as a proof of concept. My measurements of the impact of sensor failures showed that even short outages (1 second) at slow speeds (25 km/hr scaled velocity) prevents vehicles that rely on on-vehicle sensors from navigating properly. My experiments also showed that Horus dramatically improves driving safety and that the sensor fusion algorithm selected plays a significant role in the quality of the navigation. With just a pair of infrastructure sensors, Horus could tolerate sensors that fail 40% of the time and still navigate safely. These results are a promising first step towards safer autonomous vehicles.      
### 23.Adversarial attacks on deep learning models for fatty liver disease classification by modification of ultrasound image reconstruction method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03364.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved remarkable success in medical image analysis tasks. In ultrasound (US) imaging, CNNs have been applied to object classification, image reconstruction and tissue characterization. However, CNNs can be vulnerable to adversarial attacks, even small perturbations applied to input data may significantly affect model performance and result in wrong output. In this work, we devise a novel adversarial attack, specific to ultrasound (US) imaging. US images are reconstructed based on radio-frequency signals. Since the appearance of US images depends on the applied image reconstruction method, we explore the possibility of fooling deep learning model by perturbing US B-mode image reconstruction method. We apply zeroth order optimization to find small perturbations of image reconstruction parameters, related to attenuation compensation and amplitude compression, which can result in wrong output. We illustrate our approach using a deep learning model developed for fatty liver disease diagnosis, where the proposed adversarial attack achieved success rate of 48%.      
### 24.Going deeper with brain morphometry using neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03303.pdf)
>  Brain morphometry from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a consolidated biomarker for many neurodegenerative diseases. Recent advances in this domain indicate that deep convolutional neural networks can infer morphometric measurements within a few seconds. Nevertheless, the accuracy of the devised model for insightful bio-markers (mean curvature and thickness) remains unsatisfactory. In this paper, we propose a more accurate and efficient neural network model for brain morphometry named HerstonNet. More specifically, we develop a 3D ResNet-based neural network to learn rich features directly from MRI, design a multi-scale regression scheme by predicting morphometric measures at feature maps of different resolutions, and leverage a robust optimization method to avoid poor quality minima and reduce the prediction variance. As a result, HerstonNet improves the existing approach by 24.30% in terms of intraclass correlation coefficient (agreement measure) to FreeSurfer silver-standards while maintaining a competitive run-time.      
### 25.Sensors, Safety Models and A System-Level Approach to Safe and Scalable Automated Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.03301.pdf)
>  When considering the accuracy of sensors in an automated vehicle (AV), it is not sufficient to evaluate the performance of any given sensor in isolation. Rather, the performance of any individual sensor must be considered in the context of the overall system design. Techniques like redundancy and different sensing modalities can reduce the chances of a sensing failure. Additionally, the use of safety models is essential to understanding whether any particular sensing failure is relevant. Only when the entire system design is taken into account can one properly understand the meaning of safety-relevant sensing failures in an AV. In this paper, we will consider what should actually constitute a sensing failure, how safety models play an important role in mitigating potential failures, how a system-level approach to safety will deliver a safe and scalable AV, and what an acceptable sensing failure rate should be considering the full picture of an AV's architecture.      
