# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 24 Sep 2020
### 1.Augmented Convolutional LSTMs for Generation of High-Resolution Climate Change Projections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11279.pdf)
>  Projection of changes in extreme indices of climate variables such as temperature and precipitation are critical to assess the potential impacts of climate change on human-made and natural systems, including critical infrastructures and ecosystems. While impact assessment and adaptation planning rely on high-resolution projections (typically in the order of a few kilometers), state-of-the-art Earth System Models (ESMs) are available at spatial resolutions of few hundreds of kilometers. Current solutions to obtain high-resolution projections of ESMs include downscaling approaches that consider the information at a coarse-scale to make predictions at local scales. Complex and non-linear interdependence among local climate variables (e.g., temperature and precipitation) and large-scale predictors (e.g., pressure fields) motivate the use of neural network-based super-resolution architectures. In this work, we present auxiliary variables informed spatio-temporal neural architecture for statistical downscaling. The current study performs daily downscaling of precipitation variable from an ESM output at 1.15 degrees (~115 km) to 0.25 degrees (25 km) over the world's most climatically diversified country, India. We showcase significant improvement gain against three popular state-of-the-art baselines with a better ability to predict extreme events. To facilitate reproducible research, we make available all the codes, processed datasets, and trained models in the public domain.      
### 2.X-LXMERT: Paint, Caption and Answer Questions with Multi-Modal Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11278.pdf)
>  Mirroring the success of masked language models, vision-and-language counterparts like ViLBERT, LXMERT and UNITER have achieved state of the art performance on a variety of multimodal discriminative tasks like visual question answering and visual grounding. Recent work has also successfully adapted such models towards the generative task of image captioning. This begs the question: Can these models go the other way and generate images from pieces of text? Our analysis of a popular representative from this model family - LXMERT - finds that it is unable to generate rich and semantically meaningful imagery with its current training setup. We introduce X-LXMERT, an extension to LXMERT with training refinements including: discretizing visual representations, using uniform masking with a large range of masking ratios and aligning the right pre-training datasets to the right objectives which enables it to paint. X-LXMERT's image generation capabilities rival state of the art generative models while its question answering and captioning abilities remains comparable to LXMERT. Finally, we demonstrate the generality of these training refinements by adding image generation capabilities into UNITER to produce X-UNITER.      
### 3.A Linear Transportation $\mathrm{L}^p$ Distance for Pattern Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11262.pdf)
>  The transportation $\mathrm{L}^p$ distance, denoted $\mathrm{TL}^p$, has been proposed as a generalisation of Wasserstein $\mathrm{W}^p$ distances motivated by the property that it can be applied directly to colour or multi-channelled images, as well as multivariate time-series without normalisation or mass constraints. These distances, as with $\mathrm{W}^p$, are powerful tools in modelling data with spatial or temporal perturbations. However, their computational cost can make them infeasible to apply to even moderate pattern recognition tasks. We propose linear versions of these distances and show that the linear $\mathrm{TL}^p$ distance significantly improves over the linear $\mathrm{W}^p$ distance on signal processing tasks, whilst being several orders of magnitude faster to compute than the $\mathrm{TL}^p$ distance.      
### 4.Interactive Learning for Semantic Segmentation in Earth Observation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11250.pdf)
>  Dense pixel-wise classification maps output by deep neural networks are of extreme importance for scene understanding. However, these maps are often partially inaccurate due to a variety of possible factors. Therefore, we propose to interactively refine them within a framework named DISCA (Deep Image Segmentation with Continual Adaptation). It consists of continually adapting a neural network to a target image using an interactive learning process with sparse user annotations as ground-truth. We show through experiments on three datasets using synthesized annotations the benefits of the approach, reaching an IoU improvement up to 4.7% for ten sampled clicks. Finally, we exhibit that our approach can be particularly rewarding when it is faced to additional issues such as domain adaptation.      
### 5.A Simple Yet Effective Method for Video Temporal Grounding with Cross-Modality Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11232.pdf)
>  The task of language-guided video temporal grounding is to localize the particular video clip corresponding to a query sentence in an untrimmed video. Though progress has been made continuously in this field, some issues still need to be resolved. First, most of the existing methods rely on the combination of multiple complicated modules to solve the task. Second, due to the semantic gaps between the two different modalities, aligning the information at different granularities (local and global) between the video and the language is significant, which is less addressed. Last, previous works do not consider the inevitable annotation bias due to the ambiguities of action boundaries. To address these limitations, we propose a simple two-branch Cross-Modality Attention (CMA) module with intuitive structure design, which alternatively modulates two modalities for better matching the information both locally and globally. In addition, we introduce a new task-specific regression loss function, which improves the temporal grounding accuracy by alleviating the impact of annotation bias. We conduct extensive experiments to validate our method, and the results show that just with this simple model, it can outperform the state of the arts on both Charades-STA and ActivityNet Captions datasets.      
### 6.Learning Visual Voice Activity Detection with an Automatically Annotated Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11204.pdf)
>  Visual voice activity detection (V-VAD) uses visual features to predict whether a person is speaking or not. V-VAD is useful whenever audio VAD (A-VAD) is inefficient either because the acoustic signal is difficult to analyze or because it is simply missing. We propose two deep architectures for V-VAD, one based on facial landmarks and one based on optical flow. Moreover, available datasets, used for learning and for testing V-VAD, lack content variability. We introduce a novel methodology to automatically create and annotate very large datasets in-the-wild -- WildVVAD -- based on combining A-VAD with face detection and tracking. A thorough empirical evaluation shows the advantage of training the proposed deep V-VAD models with this dataset.      
### 7.Label-Efficient Multi-Task Segmentation using Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11160.pdf)
>  Obtaining annotations for 3D medical images is expensive and time-consuming, despite its importance for automating segmentation tasks. Although multi-task learning is considered an effective method for training segmentation models using small amounts of annotated data, a systematic understanding of various subtasks is still lacking. In this study, we propose a multi-task segmentation model with a contrastive learning based subtask and compare its performance with other multi-task models, varying the number of labeled data for training. We further extend our model so that it can utilize unlabeled data through the regularization branch in a semi-supervised manner. We experimentally show that our proposed method outperforms other multi-task methods including the state-of-the-art fully supervised model when the amount of annotated data is limited.      
### 8.2D-3D Geometric Fusion Network using Multi-Neighbourhood Graph Convolution for RGB-D Indoor Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11154.pdf)
>  Multi-modal fusion has been proved to help enhance the performance of scene classification tasks. This paper presents a 2D-3D fusion stage that combines 3D Geometric features with 2D Texture features obtained by 2D Convolutional Neural Networks. To get a robust 3D Geometric embedding, a network that uses two novel layers is proposed. The first layer, Multi-Neighbourhood Graph Convolution, aims to learn a more robust geometric descriptor of the scene combining two different neighbourhoods: one in the Euclidean space and the other in the Feature space. The second proposed layer, Nearest Voxel Pooling, improves the performance of the well-known Voxel Pooling. Experimental results, using NYU-Depth-v2 and SUN RGB-D datasets, show that the proposed method outperforms the current state-of-the-art in RGB-D indoor scene classification tasks.      
### 9.Information-Theoretic Visual Explanation for Black-Box Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11150.pdf)
>  In this work, we attempt to explain the prediction of any black-box classifier from an information-theoretic perspective. For this purpose, we propose two attribution maps: an information gain (IG) map and a point-wise mutual information (PMI) map. IG map provides a class-independent answer to "How informative is each pixel?", and PMI map offers a class-specific explanation by answering "How much does each pixel support a specific class?" In this manner, we propose (i) a theory-backed attribution method. The attribution (ii) provides both supporting and opposing explanations for each class and (iii) pinpoints most decisive parts in the image, not just the relevant objects. In addition, the method (iv) offers a complementary class-independent explanation. Lastly, the algorithmic enhancement in our method (v) improves faithfulness of the explanation in terms of a quantitative evaluation metric. We showed the five strengths of our method through various experiments on the ImageNet dataset. The code of the proposed method is available online.      
### 10.Multiple interaction learning with question-type prior knowledge for constraining answer search space in visual question answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11118.pdf)
>  Different approaches have been proposed to Visual Question Answering (VQA). However, few works are aware of the behaviors of varying joint modality methods over question type prior knowledge extracted from data in constraining answer search space, of which information gives a reliable cue to reason about answers for questions asked in input images. In this paper, we propose a novel VQA model that utilizes the question-type prior information to improve VQA by leveraging the multiple interactions between different joint modality methods based on their behaviors in answering questions from different types. The solid experiments on two benchmark datasets, i.e., VQA 2.0 and TDIUC, indicate that the proposed method yields the best performance with the most competitive approaches.      
### 11.Residual Embedding Similarity-Based Network Selection for Predicting Brain Network Evolution Trajectory from a Single Observation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11110.pdf)
>  While existing predictive frameworks are able to handle Euclidean structured data (i.e, brain images), they might fail to generalize to geometric non-Euclidean data such as brain networks. Besides, these are rooted the sample selection step in using Euclidean or learned similarity measure between vectorized training and testing brain networks. Such sample connectomic representation might include irrelevant and redundant features that could mislead the training sample selection step. Undoubtedly, this fails to exploit and preserve the topology of the brain connectome. To overcome this major drawback, we propose Residual Embedding Similarity-Based Network selection (RESNets) for predicting brain network evolution trajectory from a single timepoint. RESNets first learns a compact geometric embedding of each training and testing sample using adversarial connectome embedding network. This nicely reduces the high-dimensionality of brain networks while preserving their topological properties via graph convolutional networks. Next, to compute the similarity between subjects, we introduce the concept of a connectional brain template (CBT), a fixed network reference, where we further represent each training and testing network as a deviation from the reference CBT in the embedding space. As such, we select the most similar training subjects to the testing subject at baseline by comparing their learned residual embeddings with respect to the pre-defined CBT. Once the best training samples are selected at baseline, we simply average their corresponding brain networks at follow-up timepoints to predict the evolution trajectory of the testing network. Our experiments on both healthy and disordered brain networks demonstrate the success of our proposed method in comparison to RESNets ablated versions and traditional approaches.      
### 12.Multiplexed Illumination for Classifying Visually Similar Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11084.pdf)
>  Distinguishing visually similar objects like forged/authentic bills and healthy/unhealthy plants is beyond the capabilities of even the most sophisticated classifiers. We propose the use of multiplexed illumination to extend the range of objects that can be successfully classified. We construct a compact RGB-IR light stage that images samples under different combinations of illuminant position and colour. We then develop a methodology for selecting illumination patterns and training a classifier using the resulting imagery. We use the light stage to model and synthetically relight training samples, and propose a greedy pattern selection scheme that exploits this ability to train in simulation. We then apply the trained patterns to carry out fast classification of new objects. We demonstrate the approach on visually similar artificial and real fruit samples, showing a marked improvement compared with fixed-illuminant approaches as well as a more conventional code selection scheme. This work allows fast classification of previously indistinguishable objects, with potential applications in forgery detection, quality control in agriculture and manufacturing, and skin lesion classification.      
### 13.Differential Viewpoints for Ground Terrain Material Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11072.pdf)
>  Computational surface modeling that underlies material recognition has transitioned from reflectance modeling using in-lab controlled radiometric measurements to image-based representations based on internet-mined single-view images captured in the scene. We take a middle-ground approach for material recognition that takes advantage of both rich radiometric cues and flexible image capture. A key concept is differential angular imaging, where small angular variations in image capture enables angular-gradient features for an enhanced appearance representation that improves recognition. We build a large-scale material database, Ground Terrain in Outdoor Scenes (GTOS) database, to support ground terrain recognition for applications such as autonomous driving and robot navigation. The database consists of over 30,000 images covering 40 classes of outdoor ground terrain under varying weather and lighting conditions. We develop a novel approach for material recognition called texture-encoded angular network (TEAN) that combines deep encoding pooling of RGB information and differential angular images for angular-gradient features to fully leverage this large dataset. With this novel network architecture, we extract characteristics of materials encoded in the angular and spatial gradients of their appearance. Our results show that TEAN achieves recognition performance that surpasses single view performance and standard (non-differential/large-angle sampling) multiview performance.      
### 14.A Sparse Sampling-based framework for Semantic Fast-Forward of First-Person Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11063.pdf)
>  Technological advances in sensors have paved the way for digital cameras to become increasingly ubiquitous, which, in turn, led to the popularity of the self-recording culture. As a result, the amount of visual data on the Internet is moving in the opposite direction of the available time and patience of the users. Thus, most of the uploaded videos are doomed to be forgotten and unwatched stashed away in some computer folder or website. In this paper, we address the problem of creating smooth fast-forward videos without losing the relevant content. We present a new adaptive frame selection formulated as a weighted minimum reconstruction problem. Using a smoothing frame transition and filling visual gaps between segments, our approach accelerates first-person videos emphasizing the relevant segments and avoids visual discontinuities. Experiments conducted on controlled videos and also on an unconstrained dataset of First-Person Videos (FPVs) show that, when creating fast-forward videos, our method is able to retain as much relevant information and smoothness as the state-of-the-art techniques, but in less processing time.      
### 15.Robust and efficient post-processing for video object detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11050.pdf)
>  Object recognition in video is an important task for plenty of applications, including autonomous driving perception, surveillance tasks, wearable devices or IoT networks. Object recognition using video data is more challenging than using still images due to blur, occlusions or rare object poses. Specific video detectors with high computational cost or standard image detectors together with a fast post-processing algorithm achieve the current state-of-the-art. This work introduces a novel post-processing pipeline that overcomes some of the limitations of previous post-processing methods by introducing a learning-based similarity evaluation between detections across frames. Our method improves the results of state-of-the-art specific video detectors, specially regarding fast moving objects, and presents low resource requirements. And applied to efficient still image detectors, such as YOLO, provides comparable results to much more computationally intensive detectors.      
### 16.Unsupervised Feature Learning for Event Data: Direct vs Inverse Problem Formulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11044.pdf)
>  Event-based cameras record an asynchronous stream of per-pixel brightness changes. As such, they have numerous advantages over the standard frame-based cameras, including high temporal resolution, high dynamic range, and no motion blur. Due to the asynchronous nature, efficient learning of compact representation for event data is challenging. While it remains not explored the extent to which the spatial and temporal event "information" is useful for pattern recognition tasks. In this paper, we focus on single-layer architectures. We analyze the performance of two general problem formulations: the direct and the inverse, for unsupervised feature learning from local event data (local volumes of events described in space-time). We identify and show the main advantages of each approach. Theoretically, we analyze guarantees for an optimal solution, possibility for asynchronous, parallel parameter update, and the computational complexity. We present numerical experiments for object recognition. We evaluate the solution under the direct and the inverse problem and give a comparison with the state-of-the-art methods. Our empirical results highlight the advantages of both approaches for representation learning from event data. We show improvements of up to 9 % in the recognition accuracy compared to the state-of-the-art methods from the same class of methods.      
### 17.Few-shot Font Generation with Localized Style Representations and Factorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11042.pdf)
>  Automatic few-shot font generation is in high demand because manual designs are expensive and sensitive to the expertise of designers. Existing few-shot font generation methods aim to learn to disentangle the style and content element from a few reference glyphs, and mainly focus on a universal style representation for each font style. However, such approach limits the model in representing diverse local styles, and thus makes it unsuitable to the most complicated letter system, e.g., Chinese, whose characters consist of a varying number of components (often called "radical") with a highly complex structure. In this paper, we propose a novel font generation method by learning localized styles, namely component-wise style representations, instead of universal styles. The proposed style representations enable us to synthesize complex local details in text designs. However, learning component-wise styles solely from reference glyphs is infeasible in the few-shot font generation scenario, when a target script has a large number of components, e.g., over 200 for Chinese. To reduce the number of reference glyphs, we simplify component-wise styles by a product of component factor and style factor, inspired by low-rank matrix factorization. Thanks to the combination of strong representation and a compact factorization strategy, our method shows remarkably better few-shot font generation results (with only 8 reference glyph images) than other state-of-the-arts, without utilizing strong locality supervision, e.g., location of each component, skeleton, or strokes. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/clovaai/lffont" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Generative Model without Prior Distribution Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11016.pdf)
>  Variational Autoencoder (VAE) and its variations are classic generative models by learning a low-dimensional latent representation to satisfy some prior distribution (e.g., Gaussian distribution). Their advantages over GAN are that they can simultaneously generate high dimensional data and learn latent representations to reconstruct the inputs. However, it has been observed that a trade-off exists between reconstruction and generation since matching prior distribution may destroy the geometric structure of data manifold. To mitigate this problem, we propose to let the prior match the embedding distribution rather than imposing the latent variables to fit the prior. The embedding distribution is trained using a simple regularized autoencoder architecture which preserves the geometric structure to the maximum. Then an adversarial strategy is employed to achieve a latent mapping. We provide both theoretical and experimental support for the effectiveness of our method, which alleviates the contradiction between topological properties' preserving of data manifold and distribution matching in latent space.      
### 19.What is the Reward for Handwriting? -- Handwriting Generation by Imitation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10962.pdf)
>  Analyzing the handwriting generation process is an important issue and has been tackled by various generation models, such as kinematics based models and stochastic models. In this study, we use a reinforcement learning (RL) framework to realize handwriting generation with the careful future planning ability. In fact, the handwriting process of human beings is also supported by their future planning ability; for example, the ability is necessary to generate a closed trajectory like '0' because any shortsighted model, such as a Markovian model, cannot generate it. For the algorithm, we employ generative adversarial imitation learning (GAIL). Typical RL algorithms require the manual definition of the reward function, which is very crucial to control the generation process. In contrast, GAIL trains the reward function along with the other modules of the framework. In other words, through GAIL, we can understand the reward of the handwriting generation process from handwriting examples. Our experimental results qualitatively and quantitatively show that the learned reward catches the trends in handwriting generation and thus GAIL is well suited for the acquisition of handwriting behavior.      
### 20.MAFF-Net: Filter False Positive for 3D Vehicle Detection with Multi-modal Adaptive Feature Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10945.pdf)
>  3D vehicle detection based on multi-modal fusion is an important task of many applications such as autonomous driving. Although significant progress has been made, we still observe two aspects that need to be further improvement: First, the specific gain that camera images can bring to 3D detection is seldom explored by previous works. Second, many fusion algorithms run slowly, which is essential for applications with high real-time requirements(autonomous driving). To this end, we propose an end-to-end trainable single-stage multi-modal feature adaptive network in this paper, which uses image information to effectively reduce false positive of 3D detection and has a fast detection speed. A multi-modal adaptive feature fusion module based on channel attention mechanism is proposed to enable the network to adaptively use the feature of each modal. Based on the above mechanism, two fusion technologies are proposed to adapt to different usage scenarios: PointAttentionFusion is suitable for filtering simple false positive and faster; DenseAttentionFusion is suitable for filtering more difficult false positive and has better overall performance. Experimental results on the KITTI dataset demonstrate significant improvement in filtering false positive over the approach using only point cloud data. Furthermore, the proposed method can provide competitive results and has the fastest speed compared to the published state-of-the-art multi-modal methods in the KITTI benchmark.      
### 21.Exploring global diverse attention via pairwise temporal relation for video summarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10942.pdf)
>  Video summarization is an effective way to facilitate video searching and browsing. Most of existing systems employ encoder-decoder based recurrent neural networks, which fail to explicitly diversify the system-generated summary frames while requiring intensive computations. In this paper, we propose an efficient convolutional neural network architecture for video SUMmarization via Global Diverse Attention called SUM-GDA, which adapts attention mechanism in a global perspective to consider pairwise temporal relations of video frames. Particularly, the GDA module has two advantages: 1) it models the relations within paired frames as well as the relations among all pairs, thus capturing the global attention across all frames of one video; 2) it reflects the importance of each frame to the whole video, leading to diverse attention on these frames. Thus, SUM-GDA is beneficial for generating diverse frames to form satisfactory video summary. Extensive experiments on three data sets, i.e., SumMe, TVSum, and VTW, have demonstrated that SUM-GDA and its extension outperform other competing state-of-the-art methods with remarkable improvements. In addition, the proposed models can be run in parallel with significantly less computational costs, which helps the deployment in highly demanding applications.      
### 22.Scene Graph to Image Generation with Contextualized Object Layout Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10939.pdf)
>  Generating high-quality images from scene graphs, that is, graphs that describe multiple entities in complex relations, is a challenging task that attracted substantial interest recently. Prior work trained such models by using supervised learning, where the goal is to produce the exact target image layout for each scene graph. It relied on predicting object locations and shapes independently and in parallel. However, scene graphs are underspecified, and thus the same scene graph often occurs with many target images in the training data. This leads to generated images with high inter-object overlap, empty areas, blurry objects, and overall compromised quality. In this work, we propose a method that alleviates these issues by generating all object layouts together and reducing the reliance on such supervision. Our model predicts layouts directly from embeddings (without predicting intermediate boxes) by gradually upsampling, refining and contextualizing object layouts. It is trained with a novel adversarial loss, that optimizes the interaction between object pairs. This improves coverage and removes overlaps, while maintaining sensible contours and respecting objects relations. We empirically show on the COCO-STUFF dataset that our proposed approach substantially improves the quality of generated layouts as well as the overall image quality. Our evaluation shows that we improve layout coverage by almost 20 points, and drop object overlap to negligible amounts. This leads to better image generation, relation fulfillment and objects quality.      
### 23.CLASS: Cross-Level Attention and Supervision for Salient Objects Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10916.pdf)
>  Salient object detection (SOD) is a fundamental computer vision task. Recently, with the revival of deep neural networks, SOD has made great progresses. However, there still exist two thorny issues that cannot be well addressed by existing methods, indistinguishable regions and complex structures. To address these two issues, in this paper we propose a novel deep network for accurate SOD, named CLASS. First, in order to leverage the different advantages of low-level and high-level features, we propose a novel non-local cross-level attention (CLA), which can capture the long-range feature dependencies to enhance the distinction of complete salient object. Second, a novel cross-level supervision (CLS) is designed to learn complementary context for complex structures through pixel-level, region-level and object-level. Then the fine structures and boundaries of salient objects can be well restored. In experiments, with the proposed CLA and CLS, our CLASS net. consistently outperforms 13 state-of-the-art methods on five datasets.      
### 24.LoRRaL: Facial Action Unit Detection Based on Local Region Relation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10892.pdf)
>  End-to-end convolution representation learning has been proved to be very effective in facial action unit (AU) detection. Considering the co-occurrence and mutual exclusion between facial AUs, in this paper, we propose convolution neural networks with Local Region Relation Learning (LoRRaL), which can combine latent relationships among AUs for an end-to-end approach to facial AU occurrence detection. LoRRaL consists of 1) use bi-directional long short-term memory (BiLSTM) to dynamically and sequentially encode local AU feature maps, 2) use self-attention mechanism to dynamically compute correspondences from local facial regions and to re-aggregate AU feature maps considering AU co-occurrences and mutual exclusions, 3) use a continuous-state modern Hopfield network to encode and map local facial features to more discriminative AU feature maps, that all these networks take the facial image as input and map it to AU occurrences. Our experiments on the challenging BP4D and DISFA Benchmarks without any external data or pre-trained models results in F1-scores of 63.5% and 61.4% respectively, which shows our proposed networks can lead to performance improvement on the AU detection task.      
### 25.Leveraging Local and Global Descriptors in Parallel to Search Correspondences for Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10891.pdf)
>  Visual localization to compute 6DoF camera pose from a given image has wide applications such as in robotics, virtual reality, augmented reality, etc. Two kinds of descriptors are important for the visual localization. One is global descriptors that extract the whole feature from each image. The other is local descriptors that extract the local feature from each image patch usually enclosing a key point. More and more methods of the visual localization have two stages: at first to perform image retrieval by global descriptors and then from the retrieval feedback to make 2D-3D point correspondences by local descriptors. The two stages are in serial for most of the methods. This simple combination has not achieved superiority of fusing local and global descriptors. The 3D points obtained from the retrieval feedback are as the nearest neighbor candidates of the 2D image points only by global descriptors. Each of the 2D image points is also called a query local feature when performing the 2D-3D point correspondences. In this paper, we propose a novel parallel search framework, which leverages advantages of both local and global descriptors to get nearest neighbor candidates of a query local feature. Specifically, besides using deep learning based global descriptors, we also utilize local descriptors to construct random tree structures for obtaining nearest neighbor candidates of the query local feature. We propose a new probabilistic model and a new deep learning based local descriptor when constructing the random trees. A weighted Hamming regularization term to keep discriminativeness after binarization is given in the loss function for the proposed local descriptor. The loss function co-trains both real and binary descriptors of which the results are integrated into the random trees.      
### 26.Hamming OCR: A Locality Sensitive Hashing Neural Network for Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10874.pdf)
>  Recently, inspired by Transformer, self-attention-based scene text recognition approaches have achieved outstanding performance. However, we find that the size of model expands rapidly with the lexicon increasing. Specifically, the number of parameters for softmax classification layer and output embedding layer are proportional to the vocabulary size. It hinders the development of a lightweight text recognition model especially applied for Chinese and multiple languages. Thus, we propose a lightweight scene text recognition model named Hamming OCR. In this model, a novel Hamming classifier, which adopts locality sensitive hashing (LSH) algorithm to encode each character, is proposed to replace the softmax regression and the generated LSH code is directly employed to replace the output embedding. We also present a simplified transformer decoder to reduce the number of parameters by removing the feed-forward network and using cross-layer parameter sharing technique. Compared with traditional methods, the number of parameters in both classification and embedding layers is independent on the size of vocabulary, which significantly reduces the storage requirement without loss of accuracy. Experimental results on several datasets, including four public benchmaks and a Chinese text dataset synthesized by SynthText with more than 20,000 characters, shows that Hamming OCR achieves competitive results.      
### 27.A Real-time Vision Framework for Pedestrian Behavior Recognition and Intention Prediction at Intersections Using 3D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10868.pdf)
>  Minimizing traffic accidents between vehicles and pedestrians is one of the primary research goals in intelligent transportation systems. To achieve the goal, pedestrian behavior recognition and prediction of pedestrian's crossing or not-crossing intention play a central role. Contemporary approaches do not guarantee satisfactory performance due to lack of generalization, the requirement of manual data labeling, and high computational complexity. To overcome these limitations, we propose a real-time vision framework for two tasks: pedestrian behavior recognition (100.53 FPS) and intention prediction (35.76 FPS). Our framework obtains satisfying generalization over multiple sites because of the proposed site-independent features. At the center of the feature extraction lies 3D pose estimation. The 3D pose analysis enables robust and accurate recognition of pedestrian behaviors and prediction of intentions over multiple sites. The proposed vision framework realizes 89.3% accuracy in the behavior recognition task on the TUD dataset without any training process and 91.28% accuracy in intention prediction on our dataset achieving new state-of-the-art performance. To contribute to the corresponding research community, we make our source codes public which are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Uehwan/VisionForPedestrian" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 28.Angular Luminance for Material Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10825.pdf)
>  Moving cameras provide multiple intensity measurements per pixel, yet often semantic segmentation, material recognition, and object recognition do not utilize this information. With basic alignment over several frames of a moving camera sequence, a distribution of intensities over multiple angles is obtained. It is well known from prior work that luminance histograms and the statistics of natural images provide a strong material recognition cue. We utilize per-pixel {\it angular luminance distributions} as a key feature in discriminating the material of the surface. The angle-space sampling in a multiview satellite image sequence is an unstructured sampling of the underlying reflectance function of the material. For real-world materials there is significant intra-class variation that can be managed by building a angular luminance network (AngLNet). This network combines angular reflectance cues from multiple images with spatial cues as input to fully convolutional networks for material segmentation. We demonstrate the increased performance of AngLNet over prior state-of-the-art in material segmentation from satellite imagery.      
### 29.Kernelized dense layers for facial expression recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10814.pdf)
>  Fully connected layer is an essential component of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which demonstrates its efficiency in computer vision tasks. The CNN process usually starts with convolution and pooling layers that first break down the input images into features, and then analyze them independently. The result of this process feeds into a fully connected neural network structure which drives the final classification decision. In this paper, we propose a Kernelized Dense Layer (KDL) which captures higher order feature interactions instead of conventional linear relations. We apply this method to Facial Expression Recognition (FER) and evaluate its performance on RAF, FER2013 and ExpW datasets. The experimental results demonstrate the benefits of such layer and show that our model achieves competitive results with respect to the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 30.Efficient DWT-based fusion techniques using genetic algorithm for optimal parameter estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10777.pdf)
>  Image fusion plays a vital role in medical imaging. Image fusion aims to integrate complementary as well as redundant information from multiple modalities into a single fused image without distortion or loss of information. In this research work, discrete wavelet transform (DWT)and undecimated discrete wavelet transform (UDWT)-based fusion techniques using genetic algorithm (GA)foroptimalparameter(weight)estimationinthefusionprocessareimplemented and analyzed with multi-modality brain images. The lack of shift variance while performing image fusion using DWT is addressed using UDWT. The proposed fusion model uses an efficient, modified GA in DWT and UDWT for optimal parameter estimation, to improve the image quality and contrast. The complexity of the basic GA (pixel level) has been reduced in the modified GA (feature level), by limiting the search space. It is observed from our experiments that fusion using DWT and UDWT techniques with GA for optimal parameter estimation resulted in a better fused image in the aspects of retaining the information and contrast without error, both in human perception as well as evaluation using objective metrics. The contributions of this research work are (1) reduced time and space complexity in estimating the weight values using GA for fusion (2) system is scalable for input image of any size with similar time complexity, owing to feature level GA implementation and (3) identification of source image that contributes more to the fused image, from the weight values estimated.      
### 31.Role of Orthogonality Constraints in Improving Properties of Deep Networks for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10762.pdf)
>  Standard deep learning models that employ the categorical cross-entropy loss are known to perform well at image classification tasks. However, many standard models thus obtained often exhibit issues like feature redundancy, low interpretability, and poor calibration. A body of recent work has emerged that has tried addressing some of these challenges by proposing the use of new regularization functions in addition to the cross-entropy loss. In this paper, we present some surprising findings that emerge from exploring the role of simple orthogonality constraints as a means of imposing physics-motivated constraints common in imaging. We propose an Orthogonal Sphere (OS) regularizer that emerges from physics-based latent-representations under simplifying assumptions. Under further simplifying assumptions, the OS constraint can be written in closed-form as a simple orthonormality term and be used along with the cross-entropy loss function. The findings indicate that orthonormality loss function results in a) rich and diverse feature representations, b) robustness to feature sub-selection, c) better semantic localization in the class activation maps, and d) reduction in model calibration error. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed OS regularization by providing quantitative and qualitative results on four benchmark datasets - CIFAR10, CIFAR100, SVHN and tiny ImageNet.      
### 32.Fuzzy Simplicial Networks: A Topology-Inspired Model to Improve Task Generalization in Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11253.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown great success in settings with massive amounts of data but has struggled when data is limited. Few-shot learning algorithms, which seek to address this limitation, are designed to generalize well to new tasks with limited data. Typically, models are evaluated on unseen classes and datasets that are defined by the same fundamental task as they are trained for (e.g. category membership). One can also ask how well a model can generalize to fundamentally different tasks within a fixed dataset (for example: moving from category membership to tasks that involve detecting object orientation or quantity). To formalize this kind of shift we define a notion of "independence of tasks" and identify three new sets of labels for established computer vision datasets that test a model's ability to generalize to tasks which draw on orthogonal attributes in the data. We use these datasets to investigate the failure modes of metric-based few-shot models. Based on our findings, we introduce a new few-shot model called Fuzzy Simplicial Networks (FSN) which leverages a construction from topology to more flexibly represent each class from limited data. In particular, FSN models can not only form multiple representations for a given class but can also begin to capture the low-dimensional structure which characterizes class manifolds in the encoded space of deep networks. We show that FSN outperforms state-of-the-art models on the challenging tasks we introduce in this paper while remaining competitive on standard few-shot benchmarks.      
### 33.Whole Slide Images based Cancer Survival Prediction using Attention Guided Deep Multiple Instance Learning Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11169.pdf)
>  Traditional image-based survival prediction models rely on discriminative patch labeling which make those methods not scalable to extend to large datasets. Recent studies have shown Multiple Instance Learning (MIL) framework is useful for histopathological images when no annotations are available in classification task. Different to the current image-based survival models that limit to key patches or clusters derived from Whole Slide Images (WSIs), we propose Deep Attention Multiple Instance Survival Learning (DeepAttnMISL) by introducing both siamese MI-FCN and attention-based MIL pooling to efficiently learn imaging features from the WSI and then aggregate WSI-level information to patient-level. Attention-based aggregation is more flexible and adaptive than aggregation techniques in recent survival models. We evaluated our methods on two large cancer whole slide images datasets and our results suggest that the proposed approach is more effective and suitable for large datasets and has better interpretability in locating important patterns and features that contribute to accurate cancer survival predictions. The proposed framework can also be used to assess individual patient's risk and thus assisting in delivering personalized medicine. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/uta-smile/DeepAttnMISL_MEDIA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Foreseeing Brain Graph Evolution Over Time Using Deep Adversarial Network Normalizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11166.pdf)
>  Foreseeing the brain evolution as a complex highly inter-connected system, widely modeled as a graph, is crucial for mapping dynamic interactions between different anatomical regions of interest (ROIs) in health and disease. Interestingly, brain graph evolution models remain almost absent in the literature. Here we design an adversarial brain network normalizer for representing each brain network as a transformation of a fixed centered population-driven connectional template. Such graph normalization with respect to a fixed reference paves the way for reliably identifying the most similar training samples (i.e., brain graphs) to the testing sample at baseline timepoint. The testing evolution trajectory will be then spanned by the selected training graphs and their corresponding evolution trajectories. We base our prediction framework on geometric deep learning which naturally operates on graphs and nicely preserves their topological properties. Specifically, we propose the first graph-based Generative Adversarial Network (gGAN) that not only learns how to normalize brain graphs with respect to a fixed connectional brain template (CBT) (i.e., a brain template that selectively captures the most common features across a brain population) but also learns a high-order representation of the brain graphs also called embeddings. We use these embeddings to compute the similarity between training and testing subjects which allows us to pick the closest training subjects at baseline timepoint to predict the evolution of the testing brain graph over time. A series of benchmarks against several comparison methods showed that our proposed method achieved the lowest brain disease evolution prediction error using a single baseline timepoint. Our gGAN code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/basiralab/gGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 35.Anisotropic 3D Multi-Stream CNN for Accurate Prostate Segmentation from Multi-Planar MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11120.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: Accurate and reliable segmentation of the prostate gland in MR images can support the clinical assessment of prostate cancer, as well as the planning and monitoring of focal and loco-regional therapeutic interventions. Despite the availability of multi-planar MR scans due to standardized protocols, the majority of segmentation approaches presented in the literature consider the axial scans only. Methods: We propose an anisotropic 3D multi-stream CNN architecture, which processes additional scan directions to produce a higher-resolution isotropic prostate segmentation. We investigate two variants of our architecture, which work on two (dual-plane) and three (triple-plane) image orientations, respectively. We compare them with the standard baseline (single-plane) used in literature, i.e., plain axial segmentation. To realize a fair comparison, we employ a hyperparameter optimization strategy to select optimal configurations for the individual approaches. Results: Training and evaluation on two datasets spanning multiple sites obtain statistical significant improvement over the plain axial segmentation ($p&lt;0.05$ on the Dice similarity coefficient). The improvement can be observed especially at the base ($0.898$ single-plane vs. $0.906$ triple-plane) and apex ($0.888$ single-plane vs. $0.901$ dual-plane). Conclusion: This study indicates that models employing two or three scan directions are superior to plain axial segmentation. The knowledge of precise boundaries of the prostate is crucial for the conservation of risk structures. Thus, the proposed models have the potential to improve the outcome of prostate cancer diagnosis and therapies.      
### 36.Robustification of Segmentation Models Against Adversarial Perturbations In Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11090.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel yet efficient defense framework for segmentation models against adversarial attacks in medical imaging. In contrary to the defense methods against adversarial attacks for classification models which widely are investigated, such defense methods for segmentation models has been less explored. Our proposed method can be used for any deep learning models without revising the target deep learning models, as well as can be independent of adversarial attacks. Our framework consists of a frequency domain converter, a detector, and a reformer. The frequency domain converter helps the detector detects adversarial examples by using a frame domain of an image. The reformer helps target models to predict more precisely. We have experiments to empirically show that our proposed method has a better performance compared to the existing defense method.      
### 37.GSR-Net: Graph Super-Resolution Network for Predicting High-Resolution from Low-Resolution Functional Brain Connectomes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11080.pdf)
>  Catchy but rigorous deep learning architectures were tailored for image super-resolution (SR), however, these fail to generalize to non-Euclidean data such as brain connectomes. Specifically, building generative models for super-resolving a low-resolution (LR) brain connectome at a higher resolution (HR) (i.e., adding new graph nodes/edges) remains unexplored although this would circumvent the need for costly data collection and manual labelling of anatomical brain regions (i.e. parcellation). To fill this gap, we introduce GSR-Net (Graph Super-Resolution Network), the first super-resolution framework operating on graph-structured data that generates high-resolution brain graphs from low-resolution graphs. First, we adopt a U-Net like architecture based on graph convolution, pooling and unpooling operations specific to non-Euclidean data. However, unlike conventional U-Nets where graph nodes represent samples and node features are mapped to a low-dimensional space (encoding and decoding node attributes or sample features), our GSR-Net operates directly on a single connectome: a fully connected graph where conventionally, a node denotes a brain region, nodes have no features, and edge weights denote brain connectivity strength between two regions of interest (ROIs). In the absence of original node features, we initially assign identity feature vectors to each brain ROI (node) and then leverage the learned local receptive fields to learn node feature representations. Second, inspired by spectral theory, we break the symmetry of the U-Net architecture by topping it up with a graph super-resolution (GSR) layer and two graph convolutional network layers to predict a HR graph while preserving the characteristics of the LR input. Our proposed GSR-Net framework outperformed its variants for predicting high-resolution brain functional connectomes from low-resolution connectomes.      
### 38.Automatic Breast Lesion Classification by Joint Neural Analysis of Mammography and Ultrasound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11009.pdf)
>  Mammography and ultrasound are extensively used by radiologists as complementary modalities to achieve better performance in breast cancer diagnosis. However, existing computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) systems for the breast are generally based on a single modality. In this work, we propose a deep-learning based method for classifying breast cancer lesions from their respective mammography and ultrasound images. We present various approaches and show a consistent improvement in performance when utilizing both modalities. The proposed approach is based on a GoogleNet architecture, fine-tuned for our data in two training steps. First, a distinct neural network is trained separately for each modality, generating high-level features. Then, the aggregated features originating from each modality are used to train a multimodal network to provide the final classification. In quantitative experiments, the proposed approach achieves an AUC of 0.94, outperforming state-of-the-art models trained over a single modality. Moreover, it performs similarly to an average radiologist, surpassing two out of four radiologists participating in a reader study. The promising results suggest that the proposed method may become a valuable decision support tool for breast radiologists.      
### 39.Attention with Multiple Sources Knowledges for COVID-19 from CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.11008.pdf)
>  Until now, Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 has caused more than 850,000 deaths and infected more than 27 million individuals in over 120 countries. Besides principal polymerase chain reaction (PCR) tests, automatically identifying positive samples based on computed tomography (CT) scans can present a promising option in the early diagnosis of COVID-19. Recently, there have been increasing efforts to utilize deep networks for COVID-19 diagnosis based on CT scans. While these approaches mostly focus on introducing novel architectures, transfer learning techniques, or construction large scale data, we propose a novel strategy to improve the performance of several baselines by leveraging multiple useful information sources relevant to doctors' judgments. Specifically, infected regions and heat maps extracted from learned networks are integrated with the global image via an attention mechanism during the learning process. This procedure not only makes our system more robust to noise but also guides the network focusing on local lesion areas. Extensive experiments illustrate the superior performance of our approach compared to recent baselines. Furthermore, our learned network guidance presents an explainable feature to doctors as we can understand the connection between input and output in a grey-box model.      
### 40.Learning Non-Unique Segmentation with Reward-Penalty Dice Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10987.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is one of the key problems in the field of computer vision, as it enables computer image understanding. However, most research and applications of semantic segmentation focus on addressing unique segmentation problems, where there is only one gold standard segmentation result for every input image. This may not be true in some problems, e.g., medical applications. We may have non-unique segmentation annotations as different surgeons may perform successful surgeries for the same patient in slightly different ways. To comprehensively learn non-unique segmentation tasks, we propose the reward-penalty Dice loss (RPDL) function as the optimization objective for deep convolutional neural networks (DCNN). RPDL is capable of helping DCNN learn non-unique segmentation by enhancing common regions and penalizing outside ones. Experimental results show that RPDL improves the performance of DCNN models by up to 18.4% compared with other loss functions on our collected surgical dataset.      
### 41.Semantics-Preserving Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10978.pdf)
>  Adversarial training is a defense technique that improves adversarial robustness of a deep neural network (DNN) by including adversarial examples in the training data. In this paper, we identify an overlooked problem of adversarial training in that these adversarial examples often have different semantics than the original data, introducing unintended biases into the model. We hypothesize that such non-semantics-preserving (and resultingly ambiguous) adversarial data harm the robustness of the target models. To mitigate such unintended semantic changes of adversarial examples, we propose semantics-preserving adversarial training (SPAT) which encourages perturbation on the pixels that are shared among all classes when generating adversarial examples in the training stage. Experiment results show that SPAT improves adversarial robustness and achieves state-of-the-art results in CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100.      
### 42.Pruning Convolutional Filters using Batch Bridgeout  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10893.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art computer vision models are rapidly increasing in capacity, where the number of parameters far exceeds the number required to fit the training set. This results in better optimization and generalization performance. However, the huge size of contemporary models results in large inference costs and limits their use on resource-limited devices. In order to reduce inference costs, convolutional filters in trained neural networks could be pruned to reduce the run-time memory and computational requirements during inference. However, severe post-training pruning results in degraded performance if the training algorithm results in dense weight vectors. We propose the use of Batch Bridgeout, a sparsity inducing stochastic regularization scheme, to train neural networks so that they could be pruned efficiently with minimal degradation in performance. We evaluate the proposed method on common computer vision models VGGNet, ResNet, and Wide-ResNet on the CIFAR image classification task. For all the networks, experimental results show that Batch Bridgeout trained networks achieve higher accuracy across a wide range of pruning intensities compared to Dropout and weight decay regularization.      
### 43.Improving Medical Annotation Quality to Decrease Labeling Burden Using Stratified Noisy Cross-Validation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10858.pdf)
>  As machine learning has become increasingly applied to medical imaging data, noise in training labels has emerged as an important challenge. Variability in diagnosis of medical images is well established; in addition, variability in training and attention to task among medical labelers may exacerbate this issue. Methods for identifying and mitigating the impact of low quality labels have been studied, but are not well characterized in medical imaging tasks. For instance, Noisy Cross-Validation splits the training data into halves, and has been shown to identify low-quality labels in computer vision tasks; but it has not been applied to medical imaging tasks specifically. In this work we introduce Stratified Noisy Cross-Validation (SNCV), an extension of noisy cross validation. SNCV can provide estimates of confidence in model predictions by assigning a quality score to each example; stratify labels to handle class imbalance; and identify likely low-quality labels to analyze the causes. We assess performance of SNCV on diagnosis of glaucoma suspect risk from retinal fundus photographs, a clinically important yet nuanced labeling task. Using training data from a previously-published deep learning model, we compute a continuous quality score (QS) for each training example. We relabel 1,277 low-QS examples using a trained glaucoma specialist; the new labels agree with the SNCV prediction over the initial label &gt;85% of the time, indicating that low-QS examples mostly reflect labeler errors. We then quantify the impact of training with only high-QS labels, showing that strong model performance may be obtained with many fewer examples. By applying the method to randomly sub-sampled training dataset, we show that our method can reduce labelling burden by approximately 50% while achieving model performance non-inferior to using the full dataset on multiple held-out test sets.      
### 44.Adaptive Debanding Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10804.pdf)
>  Banding artifacts, which manifest as staircase-like color bands on pictures or video frames, is a common distortion caused by compression of low-textured smooth regions. These false contours can be very noticeable even on high-quality videos, especially when displayed on high-definition screens. Yet, relatively little attention has been applied to this problem. Here we consider banding artifact removal as a visual enhancement problem, and accordingly, we solve it by applying a form of content-adaptive smoothing filtering followed by dithered quantization, as a post-processing module. The proposed debanding filter is able to adaptively smooth banded regions while preserving image edges and details, yielding perceptually enhanced gradient rendering with limited bit-depths. Experimental results show that our proposed debanding filter outperforms state-of-the-art false contour removing algorithms both visually and quantitatively.      
### 45.Cranial Implant Prediction using Low-Resolution 3D Shape Completion and High-Resolution 2D Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10769.pdf)
>  Designing of a cranial implant needs a 3D understanding of the complete skull shape. Thus, taking a 2D approach is sub-optimal, since a 2D model lacks a holistic 3D view of both the defective and healthy skulls. Further, loading the whole 3D skull shapes at its original image resolution is not feasible in commonly available GPUs. To mitigate these issues, we propose a fully convolutional network composed of two subnetworks. The first subnetwork is designed to complete the shape of the downsampled defective skull. The second subnetwork upsamples the reconstructed shape slice-wise. We train the 3D and 2D networks together end-to-end, with a hierarchical loss function. Our proposed solution accurately predicts a high-resolution 3D implant in the challenge test case in terms of dice-score and the Hausdorff distance.      
### 46.Age-Net: An MRI-Based Iterative Framework for Biological Age Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.10765.pdf)
>  The concept of biological age (BA) - although important in clinical practice - is hard to grasp mainly due to lack of a clearly defined reference standard. For specific applications, especially in pediatrics, medical image data are used for BA estimation in a routine clinical context. Beyond this young age group, BA estimation is restricted to whole-body assessment using non-imaging indicators such as blood biomarkers, genetic and cellular data. However, various organ systems may exhibit different aging characteristics due to lifestyle and genetic factors. Thus, a whole-body assessment of the BA does not reflect the deviations of aging behavior between organs. To this end, we propose a new imaging-based framework for organ-specific BA estimation. As a first step, we introduce a chronological age (CA) estimation framework using deep convolutional neural networks (Age-Net). We quantitatively assess the performance of this framework in comparison to existing CA estimation approaches. Furthermore, we expand upon Age-Net with a novel iterative data-cleaning algorithm to segregate atypical-aging patients (BA $\not \approx$ CA) from the given population. In this manner, we hypothesize that the remaining population should approximate the true BA behaviour. For this initial study, we apply the proposed methodology on a brain magnetic resonance image (MRI) dataset containing healthy individuals as well as Alzheimer's patients with different dementia ratings. We demonstrate the correlation between the predicted BAs and the expected cognitive deterioration in Alzheimer's patients. A statistical and visualization-based analysis has provided evidence regarding the potential and current challenges of the proposed methodology.      
