# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 5 Aug 2022
### 1.Occupancy Planes for Single-view RGB-D Human Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02817.pdf)
>  Single-view RGB-D human reconstruction with implicit functions is often formulated as per-point classification. Specifically, a set of 3D locations within the view-frustum of the camera are first projected independently onto the image and a corresponding feature is subsequently extracted for each 3D location. The feature of each 3D location is then used to classify independently whether the corresponding 3D point is inside or outside the observed object. This procedure leads to sub-optimal results because correlations between predictions for neighboring locations are only taken into account implicitly via the extracted features. For more accurate results we propose the occupancy planes (OPlanes) representation, which enables to formulate single-view RGB-D human reconstruction as occupancy prediction on planes which slice through the camera's view frustum. Such a representation provides more flexibility than voxel grids and enables to better leverage correlations than per-point classification. On the challenging S3D data we observe a simple classifier based on the OPlanes representation to yield compelling results, especially in difficult situations with partial occlusions due to other objects and partial visibility, which haven't been addressed by prior work.      
### 2.Expanding Language-Image Pretrained Models for General Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02816.pdf)
>  Contrastive language-image pretraining has shown great success in learning visual-textual joint representation from web-scale data, demonstrating remarkable "zero-shot" generalization ability for various image tasks. However, how to effectively expand such new language-image pretraining methods to video domains is still an open problem. In this work, we present a simple yet effective approach that adapts the pretrained language-image models to video recognition directly, instead of pretraining a new model from scratch. More concretely, to capture the long-range dependencies of frames along the temporal dimension, we propose a cross-frame attention mechanism that explicitly exchanges information across frames. Such module is lightweight and can be plugged into pretrained language-image models seamlessly. Moreover, we propose a video-specific prompting scheme, which leverages video content information for generating discriminative textual prompts. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach is effective and can be generalized to different video recognition scenarios. In particular, under fully-supervised settings, our approach achieves a top-1 accuracy of 87.1% on Kinectics-400, while using 12 times fewer FLOPs compared with Swin-L and ViViT-H. In zero-shot experiments, our approach surpasses the current state-of-the-art methods by +7.6% and +14.9% in terms of top-1 accuracy under two popular protocols. In few-shot scenarios, our approach outperforms previous best methods by +32.1% and +23.1% when the labeled data is extremely limited. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://aka.ms/X-CLIP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.P2P: Tuning Pre-trained Image Models for Point Cloud Analysis with Point-to-Pixel Prompting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02812.pdf)
>  Nowadays, pre-training big models on large-scale datasets has become a crucial topic in deep learning. The pre-trained models with high representation ability and transferability achieve a great success and dominate many downstream tasks in natural language processing and 2D vision. However, it is non-trivial to promote such a pretraining-tuning paradigm to the 3D vision, given the limited training data that are relatively inconvenient to collect. In this paper, we provide a new perspective of leveraging pre-trained 2D knowledge in 3D domain to tackle this problem, tuning pre-trained image models with the novel Point-to-Pixel prompting for point cloud analysis at a minor parameter cost. Following the principle of prompting engineering, we transform point clouds into colorful images with geometry-preserved projection and geometry-aware coloring to adapt to pre-trained image models, whose weights are kept frozen during the end-to-end optimization of point cloud analysis tasks. We conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate that cooperating with our proposed Point-to-Pixel Prompting, better pre-trained image model will lead to consistently better performance in 3D vision. Enjoying prosperous development from image pre-training field, our method attains 89.3% accuracy on the hardest setting of ScanObjectNN, surpassing conventional point cloud models with much fewer trainable parameters. Our framework also exhibits very competitive performance on ModelNet classification and ShapeNet Part Segmentation. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangzy22/P2P" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 4.Cluster-to-adapt: Few Shot Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation across Disjoint Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02804.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation for semantic segmentation across datasets consisting of the same categories has seen several recent successes. However, a more general scenario is when the source and target datasets correspond to non-overlapping label spaces. For example, categories in segmentation datasets change vastly depending on the type of environment or application, yet share many valuable semantic relations. Existing approaches based on feature alignment or discrepancy minimization do not take such category shift into account. In this work, we present Cluster-to-Adapt (C2A), a computationally efficient clustering-based approach for domain adaptation across segmentation datasets with completely different, but possibly related categories. We show that such a clustering objective enforced in a transformed feature space serves to automatically select categories across source and target domains that can be aligned for improving the target performance, while preventing negative transfer for unrelated categories. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach through experiments on the challenging problem of outdoor to indoor adaptation for semantic segmentation in few-shot as well as zero-shot settings, with consistent improvements in performance over existing approaches and baselines in all cases.      
### 5.Automatic dense annotation of large-vocabulary sign language videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02802.pdf)
>  Recently, sign language researchers have turned to sign language interpreted TV broadcasts, comprising (i) a video of continuous signing and (ii) subtitles corresponding to the audio content, as a readily available and large-scale source of training data. One key challenge in the usability of such data is the lack of sign annotations. Previous work exploiting such weakly-aligned data only found sparse correspondences between keywords in the subtitle and individual signs. In this work, we propose a simple, scalable framework to vastly increase the density of automatic annotations. Our contributions are the following: (1) we significantly improve previous annotation methods by making use of synonyms and subtitle-signing alignment; (2) we show the value of pseudo-labelling from a sign recognition model as a way of sign spotting; (3) we propose a novel approach for increasing our annotations of known and unknown classes based on in-domain exemplars; (4) on the BOBSL BSL sign language corpus, we increase the number of confident automatic annotations from 670K to 5M. We make these annotations publicly available to support the sign language research community.      
### 6.Vision-Centric BEV Perception: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02797.pdf)
>  Vision-centric BEV perception has recently received increased attention from both industry and academia due to its inherent merits, including presenting a natural representation of the world and being fusion-friendly. With the rapid development of deep learning, numerous methods have been proposed to address the vision-centric BEV perception. However, there is no recent survey for this novel and growing research field. To stimulate its future research, this paper presents a comprehensive survey of recent progress of vision-centric BEV perception and its extensions. It collects and organizes the recent knowledge, and gives a systematic review and summary of commonly used algorithms. It also provides in-depth analyses and comparative results on several BEV perception tasks, facilitating the comparisons of future works and inspiring future research directions. Moreover, empirical implementation details are also discussed and shown to benefit the development of related algorithms.      
### 7.OCFR 2022: Competition on Occluded Face Recognition From Synthetically Generated Structure-Aware Occlusions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02760.pdf)
>  This work summarizes the IJCB Occluded Face Recognition Competition 2022 (IJCB-OCFR-2022) embraced by the 2022 International Joint Conference on Biometrics (IJCB 2022). OCFR-2022 attracted a total of 3 participating teams, from academia. Eventually, six valid submissions were submitted and then evaluated by the organizers. The competition was held to address the challenge of face recognition in the presence of severe face occlusions. The participants were free to use any training data and the testing data was built by the organisers by synthetically occluding parts of the face images using a well-known dataset. The submitted solutions presented innovations and performed very competitively with the considered baseline. A major output of this competition is a challenging, realistic, and diverse, and publicly available occluded face recognition benchmark with well defined evaluation protocols.      
### 8.1st Place Solution to ECCV 2022 Challenge on Out of Vocabulary Scene Text Understanding: Cropped Word Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02747.pdf)
>  This report presents our winner solution to ECCV 2022 challenge on Out-of-Vocabulary Scene Text Understanding (OOV-ST) : Cropped Word Recognition. This challenge is held in the context of ECCV 2022 workshop on Text in Everything (TiE), which aims to extract out-of-vocabulary words from natural scene images. In the competition, we first pre-train SCATTER on the synthetic datasets, then fine-tune the model on the training set with data augmentations. Meanwhile, two additional models are trained specifically for long and vertical texts. Finally, we combine the output from different models with different layers, different backbones, and different seeds as the final results. Our solution achieves an overall word accuracy of 69.73% when considering both in-vocabulary and out-of-vocabulary words.      
### 9.UTOPIC: Uncertainty-aware Overlap Prediction Network for Partial Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02712.pdf)
>  High-confidence overlap prediction and accurate correspondences are critical for cutting-edge models to align paired point clouds in a partial-to-partial manner. However, there inherently exists uncertainty between the overlapping and non-overlapping regions, which has always been neglected and significantly affects the registration performance. Beyond the current wisdom, we propose a novel uncertainty-aware overlap prediction network, dubbed UTOPIC, to tackle the ambiguous overlap prediction problem; to our knowledge, this is the first to explicitly introduce overlap uncertainty to point cloud registration. Moreover, we induce the feature extractor to implicitly perceive the shape knowledge through a completion decoder, and present a geometric relation embedding for Transformer to obtain transformation-invariant geometry-aware feature representations. With the merits of more reliable overlap scores and more precise dense correspondences, UTOPIC can achieve stable and accurate registration results, even for the inputs with limited overlapping areas. Extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments on synthetic and real benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our approach over state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhileiChen99/UTOPIC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Artificial Image Tampering Distorts Spatial Distribution of Texture Landmarks and Quality Characteristics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02710.pdf)
>  Advances in AI based computer vision has led to a significant growth in synthetic image generation and artificial image tampering with serious implications for unethical exploitations that undermine person identification and could make render AI predictions less explainable.Morphing, Deepfake and other artificial generation of face photographs undermine the reliability of face biometrics authentication using different electronic ID documents.Morphed face photographs on e-passports can fool automated border control systems and human guards.This paper extends our previous work on using the persistent homology (PH) of texture landmarks to detect morphing attacks.We demonstrate that artificial image tampering distorts the spatial distribution of texture landmarks (i.e. their PH) as well as that of a set of image quality characteristics.We shall demonstrate that the tamper caused distortion of these two slim feature vectors provide significant potentials for building explainable (Handcrafted) tamper detectors with low error rates and suitable for implementation on constrained devices.      
### 11.Globally Consistent Video Depth and Pose Estimation with Efficient Test-Time Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02709.pdf)
>  Dense depth and pose estimation is a vital prerequisite for various video applications. Traditional solutions suffer from the robustness of sparse feature tracking and insufficient camera baselines in videos. Therefore, recent methods utilize learning-based optical flow and depth prior to estimate dense depth. However, previous works require heavy computation time or yield sub-optimal depth results. We present GCVD, a globally consistent method for learning-based video structure from motion (SfM) in this paper. GCVD integrates a compact pose graph into the CNN-based optimization to achieve globally consistent estimation from an effective keyframe selection mechanism. It can improve the robustness of learning-based methods with flow-guided keyframes and well-established depth prior. Experimental results show that GCVD outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on both depth and pose estimation. Besides, the runtime experiments reveal that it provides strong efficiency in both short- and long-term videos with global consistency provided.      
### 12.Standardizing and Centralizing Datasets to Enable Efficient Training of Agricultural Deep Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02707.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning models have become the standard for agricultural computer vision. Such models are typically fine-tuned to agricultural tasks using model weights that were originally fit to more general, non-agricultural datasets. This lack of agriculture-specific fine-tuning potentially increases training time and resource use, and decreases model performance, leading an overall decrease in data efficiency. To overcome this limitation, we collect a wide range of existing public datasets for three distinct tasks, standardize them, and construct standard training and evaluation pipelines, providing us with a set of benchmarks and pretrained models. We then conduct a number of experiments using methods which are commonly used in deep learning tasks, but unexplored in their domain-specific applications for agriculture. Our experiments guide us in developing a number of approaches to improve data efficiency when training agricultural deep learning models, without large-scale modifications to existing pipelines. Our results demonstrate that even slight training modifications, such as using agricultural pretrained model weights, or adopting specific spatial augmentations into data processing pipelines, can significantly boost model performance and result in shorter convergence time, saving training resources. Furthermore, we find that even models trained on low-quality annotations can produce comparable levels of performance to their high-quality equivalents, suggesting that datasets with poor annotations can still be used for training, expanding the pool of currently available datasets. Our methods are broadly applicable throughout agricultural deep learning, and present high potential for significant data efficiency improvements.      
### 13.360Roam: Real-Time Indoor Roaming Using Geometry-Aware ${360^\circ}$ Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02705.pdf)
>  Neural radiance field (NeRF) has recently achieved impressive results in novel view synthesis. However, previous works on NeRF mainly focus on object-centric scenarios. In this work, we propose 360Roam, a novel scene-level NeRF system that can synthesize images of large-scale indoor scenes in real time and support VR roaming. Our system first builds an omnidirectional neural radiance field 360NeRF from multiple input $360^\circ$ images. Using 360NeRF, we then progressively estimate a 3D probabilistic occupancy map which represents the scene geometry in the form of spacial density. Skipping empty spaces and upsampling occupied voxels essentially allows us to accelerate volume rendering by using 360NeRF in a geometry-aware fashion. Furthermore, we use an adaptive divide-and-conquer strategy to slim and fine-tune the radiance fields for further improvement. The floorplan of the scene extracted from the occupancy map can provide guidance for ray sampling and facilitate a realistic roaming experience. To show the efficacy of our system, we collect a $360^\circ$ image dataset in a large variety of scenes and conduct extensive experiments. Quantitative and qualitative comparisons among baselines illustrated our predominant performance in novel view synthesis for complex indoor scenes.      
### 14.Relict landslide detection in rainforest areas using a combination of k-means clustering algorithm and Deep-Learning semantic segmentation models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02693.pdf)
>  Landslides are destructive and recurrent natural disasters on steep slopes and represent a risk to lives and properties. Knowledge of relict landslides' location is vital to understand their mechanisms, update inventory maps and improve risk assessment. However, relict landslide mapping is complex in tropical regions covered with rainforest vegetation. A new CNN approach is proposed for semi-automatic detection of relict landslides, which uses a dataset generated by a k-means clustering algorithm and has a pre-training step. The weights computed in the pre-training are used to fine-tune the CNN training process. A comparison between the proposed and standard approaches is performed using CBERS-4A WPM images. Three CNNs for semantic segmentation are used (U-Net, FPN, Linknet) with two augmented datasets. A total of 42 combinations of CNNs are tested. Values of precision and recall were very similar between the combinations tested. Recall was higher than 75\% for every combination, but precision values were usually smaller than 20\%. False positives (FP) samples were addressed as the cause for these low precision values. Predictions of the proposed approach were more accurate and correctly detected more landslides. This work demonstrates that there are limitations for detecting relict landslides in areas covered with rainforest, mainly related to similarities between the spectral response of pastures and deforested areas with \textit{Gleichenella sp.} ferns, commonly used as an indicator of landslide scars.      
### 15.ZeroMesh: Zero-shot Single-view 3D Mesh Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02676.pdf)
>  Single-view 3D object reconstruction is a fundamental and challenging computer vision task that aims at recovering 3D shapes from single-view RGB images. Most existing deep learning based reconstruction methods are trained and evaluated on the same categories, and they cannot work well when handling objects from novel categories that are not seen during training. Focusing on this issue, this paper tackles Zero-shot Single-view 3D Mesh Reconstruction, to study the model generalization on unseen categories and encourage models to reconstruct objects literally. Specifically, we propose an end-to-end two-stage network, ZeroMesh, to break the category boundaries in reconstruction. Firstly, we factorize the complicated image-to-mesh mapping into two simpler mappings, i.e., image-to-point mapping and point-to-mesh mapping, while the latter is mainly a geometric problem and less dependent on object categories. Secondly, we devise a local feature sampling strategy in 2D and 3D feature spaces to capture the local geometry shared across objects to enhance model generalization. Thirdly, apart from the traditional point-to-point supervision, we introduce a multi-view silhouette loss to supervise the surface generation process, which provides additional regularization and further relieves the overfitting problem. The experimental results show that our method significantly outperforms the existing works on the ShapeNet and Pix3D under different scenarios and various metrics, especially for novel objects.      
### 16.DropKey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02646.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on analyzing and improving the dropout technique for self-attention layers of Vision Transformer, which is important while surprisingly ignored by prior works. In particular, we conduct researches on three core questions: First, what to drop in self-attention layers? Different from dropping attention weights in literature, we propose to move dropout operations forward ahead of attention matrix calculation and set the Key as the dropout unit, yielding a novel dropout-before-softmax scheme. We theoretically verify that this scheme helps keep both regularization and probability features of attention weights, alleviating the overfittings problem to specific patterns and enhancing the model to globally capture vital information; Second, how to schedule the drop ratio in consecutive layers? In contrast to exploit a constant drop ratio for all layers, we present a new decreasing schedule that gradually decreases the drop ratio along the stack of self-attention layers. We experimentally validate the proposed schedule can avoid overfittings in low-level features and missing in high-level semantics, thus improving the robustness and stableness of model training; Third, whether need to perform structured dropout operation as CNN? We attempt patch-based block-version of dropout operation and find that this useful trick for CNN is not essential for ViT. Given exploration on the above three questions, we present the novel DropKey method that regards Key as the drop unit and exploits decreasing schedule for drop ratio, improving ViTs in a general way. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of DropKey for various ViT architectures, \emph{e.g.} T2T and VOLO, as well as for various vision tasks, \emph{e.g.}, image classification, object detection, human-object interaction detection and human body shape recovery. Codes will be released upon acceptance.      
### 17.ACSGRegNet: A Deep Learning-based Framework for Unsupervised Joint Affine and Diffeomorphic Registration of Lumbar Spine CT via Cross- and Self-Attention Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02642.pdf)
>  Registration plays an important role in medical image analysis. Deep learning-based methods have been studied for medical image registration, which leverage convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for efficiently regressing a dense deformation field from a pair of images. However, CNNs are limited in its ability to extract semantically meaningful intra- and inter-image spatial correspondences, which are of importance for accurate image registration. This study proposes a novel end-to-end deep learning-based framework for unsupervised affine and diffeomorphic deformable registration, referred as ACSGRegNet, which integrates a cross-attention module for establishing inter-image feature correspondences and a self-attention module for intra-image anatomical structures aware. Both attention modules are built on transformer encoders. The output from each attention module is respectively fed to a decoder to generate a velocity field. We further introduce a gated fusion module to fuse both velocity fields. The fused velocity field is then integrated to a dense deformation field. Extensive experiments are conducted on lumbar spine CT images. Once the model is trained, pairs of unseen lumbar vertebrae can be registered in one shot. Evaluated on 450 pairs of vertebral CT data, our method achieved an average Dice of 0.963 and an average distance error of 0.321mm, which are better than the state-of-the-art (SOTA).      
### 18.Semantic Interleaving Global Channel Attention for Multilabel Remote Sensing Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02613.pdf)
>  Multi-Label Remote Sensing Image Classification (MLRSIC) has received increasing research interest. Taking the cooccurrence relationship of multiple labels as additional information helps to improve the performance of this task. Current methods focus on using it to constrain the final feature output of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). On the one hand, these methods do not make full use of label correlation to form feature representation. On the other hand, they increase the label noise sensitivity of the system, resulting in poor robustness. In this paper, a novel method called Semantic Interleaving Global Channel Attention (SIGNA) is proposed for MLRSIC. First, the label co-occurrence graph is obtained according to the statistical information of the data set. The label co-occurrence graph is used as the input of the Graph Neural Network (GNN) to generate optimal feature representations. Then, the semantic features and visual features are interleaved, to guide the feature expression of the image from the original feature space to the semantic feature space with embedded label relations. SIGNA triggers global attention of feature maps channels in a new semantic feature space to extract more important visual features. Multihead SIGNA based feature adaptive weighting networks are proposed to act on any layer of CNN in a plug-and-play manner. For remote sensing images, better classification performance can be achieved by inserting CNN into the shallow layer. We conduct extensive experimental comparisons on three data sets: UCM data set, AID data set, and DFC15 data set. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed SIGNA achieves superior classification performance compared to state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods. It is worth mentioning that the codes of this paper will be open to the community for reproducibility research. Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kyle-one/SIGNA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Surgical Skill Assessment via Video Semantic Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02611.pdf)
>  Automated video-based assessment of surgical skills is a promising task in assisting young surgical trainees, especially in poor-resource areas. Existing works often resort to a CNN-LSTM joint framework that models long-term relationships by LSTMs on spatially pooled short-term CNN features. However, this practice would inevitably neglect the difference among semantic concepts such as tools, tissues, and background in the spatial dimension, impeding the subsequent temporal relationship modeling. In this paper, we propose a novel skill assessment framework, Video Semantic Aggregation (ViSA), which discovers different semantic parts and aggregates them across spatiotemporal dimensions. The explicit discovery of semantic parts provides an explanatory visualization that helps understand the neural network's decisions. It also enables us to further incorporate auxiliary information such as the kinematic data to improve representation learning and performance. The experiments on two datasets show the competitiveness of ViSA compared to state-of-the-art methods. Source code is available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://bit.ly/MICCAI2022ViSA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 20.SOMPT22: A Surveillance Oriented Multi-Pedestrian Tracking Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02580.pdf)
>  Multi-object tracking (MOT) has been dominated by the use of track by detection approaches due to the success of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on detection in the last decade. As the datasets and bench-marking sites are published, research direction has shifted towards yielding best accuracy on generic scenarios including re-identification (reID) of objects while tracking. In this study, we narrow the scope of MOT for surveillance by providing a dedicated dataset of pedestrians and focus on in-depth analyses of well performing multi-object trackers to observe the weak and strong sides of state-of-the-art (SOTA) techniques for real-world applications. For this purpose, we introduce SOMPT22 dataset; a new set for multi person tracking with annotated short videos captured from static cameras located on poles with 6-8 meters in height positioned for city surveillance. This provides a more focused and specific benchmarking of MOT for outdoor surveillance compared to public MOT datasets. We analyze MOT trackers classified as one-shot and two-stage with respect to the way of use of detection and reID networks on this new dataset. The experimental results of our new dataset indicate that SOTA is still far from high efficiency, and single-shot trackers are good candidates to unify fast execution and accuracy with competitive performance. The dataset will be available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://sompt22.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 21.Constructing Balance from Imbalance for Long-tailed Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02567.pdf)
>  Long-tailed image recognition presents massive challenges to deep learning systems since the imbalance between majority (head) classes and minority (tail) classes severely skews the data-driven deep neural networks. Previous methods tackle with data imbalance from the viewpoints of data distribution, feature space, and model design, <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://etc.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this work, instead of directly learning a recognition model, we suggest confronting the bottleneck of head-to-tail bias before classifier learning, from the previously omitted perspective of balancing label space. To alleviate the head-to-tail bias, we propose a concise paradigm by progressively adjusting label space and dividing the head classes and tail classes, dynamically constructing balance from imbalance to facilitate the classification. With flexible data filtering and label space mapping, we can easily embed our approach to most classification models, especially the decoupled training methods. Besides, we find the separability of head-tail classes varies among different features with different inductive biases. Hence, our proposed model also provides a feature evaluation method and paves the way for long-tailed feature learning. Extensive experiments show that our method can boost the performance of state-of-the-arts of different types on widely-used benchmarks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/silicx/DLSA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Privacy-Preserving Image Classification Using ConvMixer with Adaptive Permutation Matrix  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02556.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a privacy-preserving image classification method using encrypted images under the use of the ConvMixer structure. Block-wise scrambled images, which are robust enough against various attacks, have been used for privacy-preserving image classification tasks, but the combined use of a classification network and an adaptation network is needed to reduce the influence of image encryption. However, images with a large size cannot be applied to the conventional method with an adaptation network because the adaptation network has so many parameters. Accordingly, we propose a novel method, which allows us not only to apply block-wise scrambled images to ConvMixer for both training and testing without the adaptation network, but also to provide a higher classification accuracy than conventional methods.      
### 23.MVSFormer: Learning Robust Image Representations via Transformers and Temperature-based Depth for Multi-View Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02541.pdf)
>  Feature representation learning is the key recipe for learning-based Multi-View Stereo (MVS). As the common feature extractor of learning-based MVS, vanilla Feature Pyramid Networks (FPN) suffers from discouraged feature representations for reflection and texture-less areas, which limits the generalization of MVS. Even FPNs worked with pre-trained Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) fail to tackle these issues. On the other hand, Vision Transformers (ViTs) have achieved prominent success in many 2D vision tasks. Thus we ask whether ViTs can facilitate the feature learning in MVS? In this paper, we propose a pre-trained ViT enhanced MVS network called MVSFormer, which can learn more reliable feature representations benefited by informative priors from ViT. Then MVSFormer-P and MVSFormer-H are further proposed with fixed ViT weights and trainable ones respectively. MVSFormer-P is more efficient while MVSFormer-H can achieve superior performance. To make ViTs robust to arbitrary resolutions for MVS tasks, we propose to use an efficient multi-scale training with gradient accumulation. Moreover, we discuss the merits and drawbacks of classification and regression-based MVS methods, and further propose to unify them with a temperature-based strategy. MVSFormer achieves state-of-the-art performance on the DTU dataset. Particularly, our anonymous submission of MVSFormer is ranked in the Top-1 position on both intermediate and advanced sets of the highly competitive Tanks-and-Temples leaderboard on the day of submission compared with other published works. Codes and models will be released.      
### 24.Metadata-enhanced contrastive learning from retinal optical coherence tomography images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02529.pdf)
>  Supervised deep learning algorithms hold great potential to automate screening, monitoring and grading of medical images. However, training performant models has typically required vast quantities of labelled data, which is scarcely available in the medical domain. Self-supervised contrastive frameworks relax this dependency by first learning from unlabelled images. In this work we show that pretraining with two contrastive methods, SimCLR and BYOL, improves the utility of deep learning with regard to the clinical assessment of age-related macular degeneration (AMD). In experiments using two large clinical datasets containing 170,427 optical coherence tomography (OCT) images of 7,912 patients, we evaluate benefits attributed to pretraining across seven downstream tasks ranging from AMD stage and type classification to prediction of functional endpoints to segmentation of retinal layers, finding performance significantly increased in six out of seven tasks with fewer labels. However, standard contrastive frameworks have two known weaknesses that are detrimental to pretraining in the medical domain. Several of the image transformations used to create positive contrastive pairs are not applicable to greyscale medical scans. Furthermore, medical images often depict the same anatomical region and disease severity, resulting in numerous misleading negative pairs. To address these issues we develop a novel metadata-enhanced approach that exploits the rich set of inherently available patient information. To this end we employ records for patient identity, eye position (i.e. left or right) and time series data to indicate the typically unknowable set of inter-image contrastive relationships. By leveraging this often neglected information our metadata-enhanced contrastive pretraining leads to further benefits and outperforms conventional contrastive methods in five out of seven downstream tasks.      
### 25.IPDAE: Improved Patch-Based Deep Autoencoder for Lossy Point Cloud Geometry Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02519.pdf)
>  Point cloud is a crucial representation of 3D contents, which has been widely used in many areas such as virtual reality, mixed reality, autonomous driving, etc. With the boost of the number of points in the data, how to efficiently compress point cloud becomes a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose a set of significant improvements to patch-based point cloud compression, i.e., a learnable context model for entropy coding, octree coding for sampling centroid points, and an integrated compression and training process. In addition, we propose an adversarial network to improve the uniformity of points during reconstruction. Our experiments show that the improved patch-based autoencoder outperforms the state-of-the-art in terms of rate-distortion performance, on both sparse and large-scale point clouds. More importantly, our method can maintain a short compression time while ensuring the reconstruction quality.      
### 26.Fine-Grained Semantically Aligned Vision-Language Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02515.pdf)
>  Large-scale vision-language pre-training has shown impressive advances in a wide range of downstream tasks. Existing methods mainly model the cross-modal alignment by the similarity of the global representations of images and texts, or advanced cross-modal attention upon image and text features. However, they fail to explicitly learn the fine-grained semantic alignment between visual regions and textual phrases, as only global image-text alignment information is available. In this paper, we introduce LOUPE, a fine-grained semantically aLigned visiOn-langUage PrE-training framework, which learns fine-grained semantic alignment from the novel perspective of game-theoretic interactions. To efficiently compute the game-theoretic interactions, we further propose an uncertainty-aware neural Shapley interaction learning module. Experiments show that LOUPE achieves state-of-the-art on image-text retrieval benchmarks. Without any object-level human annotations and fine-tuning, LOUPE achieves competitive performance on object detection and visual grounding. More importantly, LOUPE opens a new promising direction of learning fine-grained semantics from large-scale raw image-text pairs.      
### 27.Heart rate estimation in intense exercise videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02509.pdf)
>  Estimating heart rate from video allows non-contact health monitoring with applications in patient care, human interaction, and sports. Existing work can robustly measure heart rate under some degree of motion by face tracking. However, this is not always possible in unconstrained settings, as the face might be occluded or even outside the camera. Here, we present IntensePhysio: a challenging video heart rate estimation dataset with realistic face occlusions, severe subject motion, and ample heart rate variation. To ensure heart rate variation in a realistic setting we record each subject for around 1-2 hours. The subject is exercising (at a moderate to high intensity) on a cycling ergometer with an attached video camera and is given no instructions regarding positioning or movement. We have 11 subjects, and approximately 20 total hours of video. We show that the existing remote photo-plethysmography methods have difficulty in estimating heart rate in this setting. In addition, we present IBIS-CNN, a new baseline using spatio-temporal superpixels, which improves on existing models by eliminating the need for a visible face/face tracking. We will make the code and data publically available soon.      
### 28.RAZE: Region Guided Self-Supervised Gaze Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02485.pdf)
>  Automatic eye gaze estimation is an important problem in vision based assistive technology with use cases in different emerging topics such as augmented reality, virtual reality and human-computer interaction. Over the past few years, there has been an increasing interest in unsupervised and self-supervised learning paradigms as it overcomes the requirement of large scale annotated data. In this paper, we propose RAZE, a Region guided self-supervised gAZE representation learning framework which leverage from non-annotated facial image data. RAZE learns gaze representation via auxiliary supervision i.e. pseudo-gaze zone classification where the objective is to classify visual field into different gaze zones (i.e. left, right and center) by leveraging the relative position of pupil-centers. Thus, we automatically annotate pseudo gaze zone labels of 154K web-crawled images and learn feature representations via `Ize-Net' framework. `Ize-Net' is a capsule layer based CNN architecture which can efficiently capture rich eye representation. The discriminative behaviour of the feature representation is evaluated on four benchmark datasets: CAVE, TabletGaze, MPII and RT-GENE. Additionally, we evaluate the generalizability of the proposed network on two other downstream task (i.e. driver gaze estimation and visual attention estimation) which demonstrate the effectiveness of the learnt eye gaze representation.      
### 29.Semantic Segmentation of Fruits on Multi-sensor Fused Data in Natural Orchards  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02483.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a fundamental task for agricultural robots to understand the surrounding environments in natural orchards. The recent development of the LiDAR techniques enables the robot to acquire accurate range measurements of the view in the unstructured orchards. Compared to RGB images, 3D point clouds have geometrical properties. By combining the LiDAR and camera, rich information on geometries and textures can be obtained. In this work, we propose a deep-learning-based segmentation method to perform accurate semantic segmentation on fused data from a LiDAR-Camera visual sensor. Two critical problems are explored and solved in this work. The first one is how to efficiently fused the texture and geometrical features from multi-sensor data. The second one is how to efficiently train the 3D segmentation network under severely imbalance class conditions. Moreover, an implementation of 3D segmentation in orchards including LiDAR-Camera data fusion, data collection and labelling, network training, and model inference is introduced in detail. In the experiment, we comprehensively analyze the network setup when dealing with highly unstructured and noisy point clouds acquired from an apple orchard. Overall, our proposed method achieves 86.2% mIoU on the segmentation of fruits on the high-resolution point cloud (100k-200k points). The experiment results show that the proposed method can perform accurate segmentation in real orchard environments.      
### 30.Privacy Safe Representation Learning via Frequency Filtering Encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02482.pdf)
>  Deep learning models are increasingly deployed in real-world applications. These models are often deployed on the server-side and receive user data in an information-rich representation to solve a specific task, such as image classification. Since images can contain sensitive information, which users might not be willing to share, privacy protection becomes increasingly important. Adversarial Representation Learning (ARL) is a common approach to train an encoder that runs on the client-side and obfuscates an image. It is assumed, that the obfuscated image can safely be transmitted and used for the task on the server without privacy concerns. However, in this work, we find that training a reconstruction attacker can successfully recover the original image of existing ARL methods. To this end, we introduce a novel ARL method enhanced through low-pass filtering, limiting the available information amount to be encoded in the frequency domain. Our experimental results reveal that our approach withstands reconstruction attacks while outperforming previous state-of-the-art methods regarding the privacy-utility trade-off. We further conduct a user study to qualitatively assess our defense of the reconstruction attack.      
### 31.Online Video Super-Resolution with Convolutional Kernel Bypass Graft  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02470.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based models have achieved remarkable performance in video super-resolution (VSR) in recent years, but most of these models are less applicable to online video applications. These methods solely consider the distortion quality and ignore crucial requirements for online applications, e.g., low latency and low model complexity. In this paper, we focus on online video transmission, in which VSR algorithms are required to generate high-resolution video sequences frame by frame in real time. To address such challenges, we propose an extremely low-latency VSR algorithm based on a novel kernel knowledge transfer method, named convolutional kernel bypass graft (CKBG). First, we design a lightweight network structure that does not require future frames as inputs and saves extra time costs for caching these frames. Then, our proposed CKBG method enhances this lightweight base model by bypassing the original network with ``kernel grafts'', which are extra convolutional kernels containing the prior knowledge of external pretrained image SR models. In the testing phase, we further accelerate the grafted multi-branch network by converting it into a simple single-path structure. Experiment results show that our proposed method can process online video sequences up to 110 FPS, with very low model complexity and competitive SR performance.      
### 32.Privacy-Preserving Action Recognition via Motion Difference Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02459.pdf)
>  The widespread use of smart computer vision systems in our personal spaces has led to an increased consciousness about the privacy and security risks that these systems pose. On the one hand, we want these systems to assist in our daily lives by understanding their surroundings, but on the other hand, we want them to do so without capturing any sensitive information. Towards this direction, this paper proposes a simple, yet robust privacy-preserving encoder called BDQ for the task of privacy-preserving human action recognition that is composed of three modules: Blur, Difference, and Quantization. First, the input scene is passed to the Blur module to smoothen the edges. This is followed by the Difference module to apply a pixel-wise intensity subtraction between consecutive frames to highlight motion features and suppress obvious high-level privacy attributes. Finally, the Quantization module is applied to the motion difference frames to remove the low-level privacy attributes. The BDQ parameters are optimized in an end-to-end fashion via adversarial training such that it learns to allow action recognition attributes while inhibiting privacy attributes. Our experiments on three benchmark datasets show that the proposed encoder design can achieve state-of-the-art trade-off when compared with previous works. Furthermore, we show that the trade-off achieved is at par with the DVS sensor-based event cameras. Code available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/suakaw/BDQ_PrivacyAR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Learning Modal-Invariant and Temporal-Memory for Video-based Visible-Infrared Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02450.pdf)
>  Thanks for the cross-modal retrieval techniques, visible-infrared (RGB-IR) person re-identification (Re-ID) is achieved by projecting them into a common space, allowing person Re-ID in 24-hour surveillance systems. However, with respect to the probe-to-gallery, almost all existing RGB-IR based cross-modal person Re-ID methods focus on image-to-image matching, while the video-to-video matching which contains much richer spatial- and temporal-information remains under-explored. In this paper, we primarily study the video-based cross-modal person Re-ID method. To achieve this task, a video-based RGB-IR dataset is constructed, in which 927 valid identities with 463,259 frames and 21,863 tracklets captured by 12 RGB/IR cameras are collected. Based on our constructed dataset, we prove that with the increase of frames in a tracklet, the performance does meet more enhancement, demonstrating the significance of video-to-video matching in RGB-IR person Re-ID. Additionally, a novel method is further proposed, which not only projects two modalities to a modal-invariant subspace, but also extracts the temporal-memory for motion-invariant. Thanks to these two strategies, much better results are achieved on our video-based cross-modal person Re-ID. The code and dataset are released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VCMproject233/MITML" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Multi-scale Sampling and Aggregation Network For High Dynamic Range Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02448.pdf)
>  High dynamic range (HDR) imaging is a fundamental problem in image processing, which aims to generate well-exposed images, even in the presence of varying illumination in the scenes. In recent years, multi-exposure fusion methods have achieved remarkable results, which merge multiple low dynamic range (LDR) images, captured with different exposures, to generate corresponding HDR images. However, synthesizing HDR images in dynamic scenes is still challenging and in high demand. There are two challenges in producing HDR images: 1). Object motion between LDR images can easily cause undesirable ghosting artifacts in the generated results. 2). Under and overexposed regions often contain distorted image content, because of insufficient compensation for these regions in the merging stage. In this paper, we propose a multi-scale sampling and aggregation network for HDR imaging in dynamic scenes. To effectively alleviate the problems caused by small and large motions, our method implicitly aligns LDR images by sampling and aggregating high-correspondence features in a coarse-to-fine manner. Furthermore, we propose a densely connected network based on discrete wavelet transform for performance improvement, which decomposes the input into several non-overlapping frequency subbands and adaptively performs compensation in the wavelet domain. Experiments show that our proposed method can achieve state-of-the-art performances under diverse scenes, compared to other promising HDR imaging methods. In addition, the HDR images generated by our method contain cleaner and more detailed content, with fewer distortions, leading to better visual quality.      
### 35.H2-Stereo: High-Speed, High-Resolution Stereoscopic Video System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02436.pdf)
>  High-speed, high-resolution stereoscopic (H2-Stereo) video allows us to perceive dynamic 3D content at fine granularity. The acquisition of H2-Stereo video, however, remains challenging with commodity cameras. Existing spatial super-resolution or temporal frame interpolation methods provide compromised solutions that lack temporal or spatial details, respectively. To alleviate this problem, we propose a dual camera system, in which one camera captures high-spatial-resolution low-frame-rate (HSR-LFR) videos with rich spatial details, and the other captures low-spatial-resolution high-frame-rate (LSR-HFR) videos with smooth temporal details. We then devise a Learned Information Fusion network (LIFnet) that exploits the cross-camera redundancies to enhance both camera views to high spatiotemporal resolution (HSTR) for reconstructing the H2-Stereo video effectively. We utilize a disparity network to transfer spatiotemporal information across views even in large disparity scenes, based on which, we propose disparity-guided flow-based warping for LSR-HFR view and complementary warping for HSR-LFR view. A multi-scale fusion method in feature domain is proposed to minimize occlusion-induced warping ghosts and holes in HSR-LFR view. The LIFnet is trained in an end-to-end manner using our collected high-quality Stereo Video dataset from YouTube. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our model outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods for both views on synthetic data and camera-captured real data with large disparity. Ablation studies explore various aspects, including spatiotemporal resolution, camera baseline, camera desynchronization, long/short exposures and applications, of our system to fully understand its capability for potential applications.      
### 36.Image-based Contextual Pill Recognition with Medical Knowledge Graph Assistance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02432.pdf)
>  Identifying pills given their captured images under various conditions and backgrounds has been becoming more and more essential. Several efforts have been devoted to utilizing the deep learning-based approach to tackle the pill recognition problem in the literature. However, due to the high similarity between pills' appearance, misrecognition often occurs, leaving pill recognition a challenge. To this end, in this paper, we introduce a novel approach named PIKA that leverages external knowledge to enhance pill recognition accuracy. Specifically, we address a practical scenario (which we call contextual pill recognition), aiming to identify pills in a picture of a patient's pill intake. Firstly, we propose a novel method for modeling the implicit association between pills in the presence of an external data source, in this case, prescriptions. Secondly, we present a walk-based graph embedding model that transforms from the graph space to vector space and extracts condensed relational features of the pills. Thirdly, a final framework is provided that leverages both image-based visual and graph-based relational features to accomplish the pill identification task. Within this framework, the visual representation of each pill is mapped to the graph embedding space, which is then used to execute attention over the graph representation, resulting in a semantically-rich context vector that aids in the final classification. To our knowledge, this is the first study to use external prescription data to establish associations between medicines and to classify them using this aiding information. The architecture of PIKA is lightweight and has the flexibility to incorporate into any recognition backbones. The experimental results show that by leveraging the external knowledge graph, PIKA can improve the recognition accuracy from 4.8% to 34.1% in terms of F1-score, compared to baselines.      
### 37.A New Kind of Adversarial Example  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02430.pdf)
>  Almost all adversarial attacks are formulated to add an imperceptible perturbation to an image in order to fool a model. Here, we consider the opposite which is adversarial examples that can fool a human but not a model. A large enough and perceptible perturbation is added to an image such that a model maintains its original decision, whereas a human will most likely make a mistake if forced to decide (or opt not to decide at all). Existing targeted attacks can be reformulated to synthesize such adversarial examples. Our proposed attack, dubbed NKE, is similar in essence to the fooling images, but is more efficient since it uses gradient descent instead of evolutionary algorithms. It also offers a new and unified perspective into the problem of adversarial vulnerability. Experimental results over MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets show that our attack is quite efficient in fooling deep neural networks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aliborji/NKE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.NIR-to-VIS Face Recognition via Embedding Relations and Coordinates of the Pairwise Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02417.pdf)
>  NIR-to-VIS face recognition is identifying faces of two different domains by extracting domain-invariant features. However, this is a challenging problem due to the two different domain characteristics, and the lack of NIR face dataset. In order to reduce domain discrepancy while using the existing face recognition models, we propose a 'Relation Module' which can simply add-on to any face recognition models. The local features extracted from face image contain information of each component of the face. Based on two different domain characteristics, to use the relationships between local features is more domain-invariant than to use it as it is. In addition to these relationships, positional information such as distance from lips to chin or eye to eye, also provides domain-invariant information. In our Relation Module, Relation Layer implicitly captures relationships, and Coordinates Layer models the positional information. Also, our proposed Triplet loss with conditional margin reduces intra-class variation in training, and resulting in additional performance improvements. Different from the general face recognition models, our add-on module does not need to pre-train with the large scale dataset. The proposed module fine-tuned only with CASIA NIR-VIS 2.0 database. With the proposed module, we achieve 14.81% rank-1 accuracy and 15.47% verification rate of 0.1% FAR improvements compare to two baseline models.      
### 39.Deep Semi-Supervised and Self-Supervised Learning for Diabetic Retinopathy Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02408.pdf)
>  Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is one of the leading causes of blindness in the working-age population of developed countries, caused by a side effect of diabetes that reduces the blood supply to the retina. Deep neural networks have been widely used in automated systems for DR classification on eye fundus images. However, these models need a large number of annotated images. In the medical domain, annotations from experts are costly, tedious, and time-consuming; as a result, a limited number of annotated images are available. This paper presents a semi-supervised method that leverages unlabeled images and labeled ones to train a model that detects diabetic retinopathy. The proposed method uses unsupervised pretraining via self-supervised learning followed by supervised fine-tuning with a small set of labeled images and knowledge distillation to increase the performance in classification task. This method was evaluated on the EyePACS test and Messidor-2 dataset achieving 0.94 and 0.89 AUC respectively using only 2% of EyePACS train labeled images.      
### 40.Pattern Spotting and Image Retrieval in Historical Documents using Deep Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02397.pdf)
>  This paper presents a deep learning approach for image retrieval and pattern spotting in digital collections of historical documents. First, a region proposal algorithm detects object candidates in the document page images. Next, deep learning models are used for feature extraction, considering two distinct variants, which provide either real-valued or binary code representations. Finally, candidate images are ranked by computing the feature similarity with a given input query. A robust experimental protocol evaluates the proposed approach considering each representation scheme (real-valued and binary code) on the DocExplore image database. The experimental results show that the proposed deep models compare favorably to the state-of-the-art image retrieval approaches for images of historical documents, outperforming other deep models by 2.56 percentage points using the same techniques for pattern spotting. Besides, the proposed approach also reduces the search time by up to 200x and the storage cost up to 6,000x when compared to related works based on real-valued representations.      
### 41.End-to-end deep learning for directly estimating grape yield from ground-based imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02394.pdf)
>  Yield estimation is a powerful tool in vineyard management, as it allows growers to fine-tune practices to optimize yield and quality. However, yield estimation is currently performed using manual sampling, which is time-consuming and imprecise. This study demonstrates the application of proximal imaging combined with deep learning for yield estimation in vineyards. Continuous data collection using a vehicle-mounted sensing kit combined with collection of ground truth yield data at harvest using a commercial yield monitor allowed for the generation of a large dataset of 23,581 yield points and 107,933 images. Moreover, this study was conducted in a mechanically managed commercial vineyard, representing a challenging environment for image analysis but a common set of conditions in the California Central Valley. Three model architectures were tested: object detection, CNN regression, and transformer models. The object detection model was trained on hand-labeled images to localize grape bunches, and either bunch count or pixel area was summed to correlate with grape yield. Conversely, regression models were trained end-to-end to predict grape yield from image data without the need for hand labeling. Results demonstrated that both a transformer as well as the object detection model with pixel area processing performed comparably, with a mean absolute percent error of 18% and 18.5%, respectively on a representative holdout dataset. Saliency mapping was used to demonstrate the attention of the CNN model was localized near the predicted location of grape bunches, as well as on the top of the grapevine canopy. Overall, the study showed the applicability of proximal imaging and deep learning for prediction of grapevine yield on a large scale. Additionally, the end-to-end modeling approach was able to perform comparably to the object detection approach while eliminating the need for hand-labeling.      
### 42.A Multibranch Convolutional Neural Network for Hyperspectral Unmixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02361.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral unmixing remains one of the most challenging tasks in the analysis of such data. Deep learning has been blooming in the field and proved to outperform other classic unmixing techniques, and can be effectively deployed onboard Earth observation satellites equipped with hyperspectral imagers. In this letter, we follow this research pathway and propose a multi-branch convolutional neural network that benefits from fusing spectral, spatial, and spectral-spatial features in the unmixing process. The results of our experiments, backed up with the ablation study, revealed that our techniques outperform others from the literature and lead to higher-quality fractional abundance estimation. Also, we investigated the influence of reducing the training sets on the capabilities of all algorithms and their robustness against noise, as capturing large and representative ground-truth sets is time-consuming and costly in practice, especially in emerging Earth observation scenarios.      
### 43.Graph Neural Networks Extract High-Resolution Cultivated Land Maps from Sentinel-2 Image Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02349.pdf)
>  Maintaining farm sustainability through optimizing the agricultural management practices helps build more planet-friendly environment. The emerging satellite missions can acquire multi- and hyperspectral imagery which captures more detailed spectral information concerning the scanned area, hence allows us to benefit from subtle spectral features during the analysis process in agricultural applications. We introduce an approach for extracting 2.5 m cultivated land maps from 10 m Sentinel-2 multispectral image series which benefits from a compact graph convolutional neural network. The experiments indicate that our models not only outperform classical and deep machine learning techniques through delivering higher-quality segmentation maps, but also dramatically reduce the memory footprint when compared to U-Nets (almost 8k trainable parameters of our models, with up to 31M parameters of U-Nets). Such memory frugality is pivotal in the missions which allow us to uplink a model to the AI-powered satellite once it is in orbit, as sending large nets is impossible due to the time constraints.      
### 44.Word-Level Fine-Grained Story Visualization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02341.pdf)
>  Story visualization aims to generate a sequence of images to narrate each sentence in a multi-sentence story with a global consistency across dynamic scenes and characters. Current works still struggle with output images' quality and consistency, and rely on additional semantic information or auxiliary captioning networks. To address these challenges, we first introduce a new sentence representation, which incorporates word information from all story sentences to mitigate the inconsistency problem. Then, we propose a new discriminator with fusion features and further extend the spatial attention to improve image quality and story consistency. Extensive experiments on different datasets and human evaluation demonstrate the superior performance of our approach, compared to state-of-the-art methods, neither using segmentation masks nor auxiliary captioning networks.      
### 45.Estimating Visual Information From Audio Through Manifold Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02337.pdf)
>  We propose a new framework for extracting visual information about a scene only using audio signals. Audio-based methods can overcome some of the limitations of vision-based methods i.e., they do not require "line-of-sight", are robust to occlusions and changes in illumination, and can function as a backup in case vision/lidar sensors fail. Therefore, audio-based methods can be useful even for applications in which only visual information is of interest Our framework is based on Manifold Learning and consists of two steps. First, we train a Vector-Quantized Variational Auto-Encoder to learn the data manifold of the particular visual modality we are interested in. Second, we train an Audio Transformation network to map multi-channel audio signals to the latent representation of the corresponding visual sample. We show that our method is able to produce meaningful images from audio using a publicly available audio/visual dataset. In particular, we consider the prediction of the following visual modalities from audio: depth and semantic segmentation. We hope the findings of our work can facilitate further research in visual information extraction from audio. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ubc-vision/audio_manifold" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Towards Generating Large Synthetic Phytoplankton Datasets for Efficient Monitoring of Harmful Algal Blooms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02332.pdf)
>  Climate change is increasing the frequency and severity of harmful algal blooms (HABs), which cause significant fish deaths in aquaculture farms. This contributes to ocean pollution and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions since dead fish are either dumped into the ocean or taken to landfills, which in turn negatively impacts the climate. Currently, the standard method to enumerate harmful algae and other phytoplankton is to manually observe and count them under a microscope. This is a time-consuming, tedious and error-prone process, resulting in compromised management decisions by farmers. Hence, automating this process for quick and accurate HAB monitoring is extremely helpful. However, this requires large and diverse datasets of phytoplankton images, and such datasets are hard to produce quickly. In this work, we explore the feasibility of generating novel high-resolution photorealistic synthetic phytoplankton images, containing multiple species in the same image, given a small dataset of real images. To this end, we employ Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to generate synthetic images. We evaluate three different GAN architectures: ProjectedGAN, FastGAN, and StyleGANv2 using standard image quality metrics. We empirically show the generation of high-fidelity synthetic phytoplankton images using a training dataset of only 961 real images. Thus, this work demonstrates the ability of GANs to create large synthetic datasets of phytoplankton from small training datasets, accomplishing a key step towards sustainable systematic monitoring of harmful algal blooms.      
### 47.Image-based Detection of Surface Defects in Concrete during Construction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02313.pdf)
>  Defects increase the cost and duration of construction projects. Automating defect detection would reduce documentation efforts that are necessary to decrease the risk of defects delaying construction projects. Since concrete is a widely used construction material, this work focuses on detecting honeycombs, a substantial defect in concrete structures that may even affect structural integrity. First, images were compared that were either scraped from the web or obtained from actual practice. The results demonstrate that web images represent just a selection of honeycombs and do not capture the complete variance. Second, Mask R-CNN and EfficientNet-B0 were trained for honeycomb detection to evaluate instance segmentation and patch-based classification, respectively achieving 47.7% precision and 34.2% recall as well as 68.5% precision and 55.7% recall. Although the performance of those models is not sufficient for completely automated defect detection, the models could be used for active learning integrated into defect documentation systems. In conclusion, CNNs can assist detecting honeycombs in concrete.      
### 48.Counterfactual Image Synthesis for Discovery of Personalized Predictive Image Markers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02311.pdf)
>  The discovery of patient-specific imaging markers that are predictive of future disease outcomes can help us better understand individual-level heterogeneity of disease evolution. In fact, deep learning models that can provide data-driven personalized markers are much more likely to be adopted in medical practice. In this work, we demonstrate that data-driven biomarker discovery can be achieved through a counterfactual synthesis process. We show how a deep conditional generative model can be used to perturb local imaging features in baseline images that are pertinent to subject-specific future disease evolution and result in a counterfactual image that is expected to have a different future outcome. Candidate biomarkers, therefore, result from examining the set of features that are perturbed in this process. Through several experiments on a large-scale, multi-scanner, multi-center multiple sclerosis (MS) clinical trial magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) dataset of relapsing-remitting (RRMS) patients, we demonstrate that our model produces counterfactuals with changes in imaging features that reflect established clinical markers predictive of future MRI lesional activity at the population level. Additional qualitative results illustrate that our model has the potential to discover novel and subject-specific predictive markers of future activity.      
### 49.Unsupervised Flow Refinement near Motion Boundaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02305.pdf)
>  Unsupervised optical flow estimators based on deep learning have attracted increasing attention due to the cost and difficulty of annotating for ground truth. Although performance measured by average End-Point Error (EPE) has improved over the years, flow estimates are still poorer along motion boundaries (MBs), where the flow is not smooth, as is typically assumed, and where features computed by neural networks are contaminated by multiple motions. To improve flow in the unsupervised settings, we design a framework that detects MBs by analyzing visual changes along boundary candidates and replaces motions close to detections with motions farther away. Our proposed algorithm detects boundaries more accurately than a baseline method with the same inputs and can improve estimates from any flow predictor without additional training.      
### 50.Leveraging the HW/SW Optimizations and Ecosystems that Drive the AI Revolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02808.pdf)
>  This paper presents a state-of-the-art overview on how to architect, design, and optimize Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) such that performance is improved and accuracy is preserved. The paper covers a set of optimizations that span the entire Machine Learning processing pipeline. We introduce two types of optimizations. The first alters the DNN model and requires NN re-training, while the second does not. We focus on GPU optimizations, but we believe the presented techniques can be used with other AI inference platforms. To demonstrate the DNN model optimizations, we improve one of the most advanced deep network architectures for optical flow, RAFT <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2003.12039" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.12039">arXiv:2003.12039</a>, on a popular edge AI inference platform (Nvidia Jetson AGX Xavier).      
### 51.Transformers as Meta-Learners for Implicit Neural Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02801.pdf)
>  Implicit Neural Representations (INRs) have emerged and shown their benefits over discrete representations in recent years. However, fitting an INR to the given observations usually requires optimization with gradient descent from scratch, which is inefficient and does not generalize well with sparse observations. To address this problem, most of the prior works train a hypernetwork that generates a single vector to modulate the INR weights, where the single vector becomes an information bottleneck that limits the reconstruction precision of the output INR. Recent work shows that the whole set of weights in INR can be precisely inferred without the single-vector bottleneck by gradient-based meta-learning. Motivated by a generalized formulation of gradient-based meta-learning, we propose a formulation that uses Transformers as hypernetworks for INRs, where it can directly build the whole set of INR weights with Transformers specialized as set-to-set mapping. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method for building INRs in different tasks and domains, including 2D image regression and view synthesis for 3D objects. Our work draws connections between the Transformer hypernetworks and gradient-based meta-learning algorithms and we provide further analysis for understanding the generated INRs. The project page with code is at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://yinboc.github.io/trans-inr/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} .      
### 52.Open-world Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02764.pdf)
>  Recent advance in contrastive learning has shown remarkable performance. However, the vast majority of approaches are limited to the closed-world setting. In this paper, we enrich the landscape of representation learning by tapping into an open-world setting, where unlabeled samples from novel classes can naturally emerge in the wild. To bridge the gap, we introduce a new learning framework, open-world contrastive learning (OpenCon). OpenCon tackles the challenges of learning compact representations for both known and novel classes, and facilitates novelty discovery along the way. We demonstrate the effectiveness of OpenCon on challenging benchmark datasets and establish competitive performance. On the ImageNet dataset, OpenCon significantly outperforms the current best method by 11.9% and 7.4% on novel and overall classification accuracy, respectively. We hope that our work will open up new doors for future work to tackle this important problem.      
### 53.IT/IST/IPLeiria Response to the Call for Proposals on JPEG Pleno Point Cloud Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02716.pdf)
>  This document describes a deep learning-based point cloud geometry codec and a deep learning-based point cloud joint geometry and colour codec, submitted to the Call for Proposals on JPEG Pleno Point Cloud Coding issued in January 2022. The proposed codecs are based on recent developments in deep learning-based PC geometry coding and offer some of the key functionalities targeted by the Call for Proposals. The proposed geometry codec offers a compression efficiency that outperforms the MPEG G-PCC standard and outperforms or is competitive with the V-PCC Intra standard for the JPEG Call for Proposals test set; however, the same does not happen for the joint geometry and colour codec due to a quality saturation effect that needs to be overcome.      
### 54.Multi-modal volumetric concept activation to explain detection and classification of metastatic prostate cancer on PSMA-PET/CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02555.pdf)
>  Explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) is increasingly used to analyze the behavior of neural networks. Concept activation uses human-interpretable concepts to explain neural network behavior. This study aimed at assessing the feasibility of regression concept activation to explain detection and classification of multi-modal volumetric data. <br>Proof-of-concept was demonstrated in metastatic prostate cancer patients imaged with positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT). Multi-modal volumetric concept activation was used to provide global and local explanations. <br>Sensitivity was 80% at 1.78 false positive per patient. Global explanations showed that detection focused on CT for anatomical location and on PET for its confidence in the detection. Local explanations showed promise to aid in distinguishing true positives from false positives. Hence, this study demonstrated feasibility to explain detection and classification of multi-modal volumetric data using regression concept activation.      
### 55.Scalable Video Coding for Humans and Machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02512.pdf)
>  Video content is watched not only by humans, but increasingly also by machines. For example, machine learning models analyze surveillance video for security and traffic monitoring, search through YouTube videos for inappropriate content, and so on. In this paper, we propose a scalable video coding framework that supports machine vision (specifically, object detection) through its base layer bitstream and human vision via its enhancement layer bitstream. The proposed framework includes components from both conventional and Deep Neural Network (DNN)-based video coding. The results show that on object detection, the proposed framework achieves 13-19% bit savings compared to state-of-the-art video codecs, while remaining competitive in terms of MS-SSIM on the human vision task.      
### 56.CFARnet: deep learning for target detection with constant false alarm rate  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02474.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of learning detectors with a Constant False Alarm Rate (CFAR). Classical model-based solutions to composite hypothesis testing are sensitive to imperfect models and are often computationally expensive. In contrast, data-driven machine learning is often more robust and yields classifiers with fixed computational complexity. Learned detectors usually do not have a CFAR as required in many applications. To close this gap, we introduce CFARnet where the loss function is penalized to promote similar distributions of the detector under any null hypothesis scenario. Asymptotic analysis in the case of linear models with general Gaussian noise reveals that the classical generalized likelihood ratio test (GLRT) is actually a minimizer of the CFAR constrained Bayes risk. Experiments in both synthetic data and real hyper-spectral images show that CFARnet leads to near CFAR detectors with similar accuracy as their competitors.      
### 57.FedDRL: Deep Reinforcement Learning-based Adaptive Aggregation for Non-IID Data in Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02442.pdf)
>  The uneven distribution of local data across different edge devices (clients) results in slow model training and accuracy reduction in federated learning. Naive federated learning (FL) strategy and most alternative solutions attempted to achieve more fairness by weighted aggregating deep learning models across clients. This work introduces a novel non-IID type encountered in real-world datasets, namely cluster-skew, in which groups of clients have local data with similar distributions, causing the global model to converge to an over-fitted solution. To deal with non-IID data, particularly the cluster-skewed data, we propose FedDRL, a novel FL model that employs deep reinforcement learning to adaptively determine each client's impact factor (which will be used as the weights in the aggregation process). Extensive experiments on a suite of federated datasets confirm that the proposed FedDRL improves favorably against FedAvg and FedProx methods, e.g., up to 4.05% and 2.17% on average for the CIFAR-100 dataset, respectively.      
