# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 8 Aug 2022
### 1.Convolutional Ensembling based Few-Shot Defect Detection Technique  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03288.pdf)
>  Over the past few years, there has been a significant improvement in the domain of few-shot learning. This learning paradigm has shown promising results for the challenging problem of anomaly detection, where the general task is to deal with heavy class imbalance. Our paper presents a new approach to few-shot classification, where we employ the knowledge-base of multiple pre-trained convolutional models that act as the backbone for our proposed few-shot framework. Our framework uses a novel ensembling technique for boosting the accuracy while drastically decreasing the total parameter count, thus paving the way for real-time implementation. We perform an extensive hyperparameter search using a power-line defect detection dataset and obtain an accuracy of 92.30% for the 5-way 5-shot task. Without further tuning, we evaluate our model on competing standards with the existing state-of-the-art methods and outperform them.      
### 2.3D Pose Based Feedback for Physical Exercises  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03257.pdf)
>  Unsupervised self-rehabilitation exercises and physical training can cause serious injuries if performed incorrectly. We introduce a learning-based framework that identifies the mistakes made by a user and proposes corrective measures for easier and safer individual training. Our framework does not rely on hard-coded, heuristic rules. Instead, it learns them from data, which facilitates its adaptation to specific user needs. To this end, we use a Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) architecture acting on the user's pose sequence to model the relationship between the body joints trajectories. To evaluate our approach, we introduce a dataset with 3 different physical exercises. Our approach yields 90.9% mistake identification accuracy and successfully corrects 94.2% of the mistakes.      
### 3.Real-time Gesture Animation Generation from Speech for Virtual Human Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03244.pdf)
>  We propose a real-time system for synthesizing gestures directly from speech. Our data-driven approach is based on Generative Adversarial Neural Networks to model the speech-gesture relationship. We utilize the large amount of speaker video data available online to train our 3D gesture model. Our model generates speaker-specific gestures by taking consecutive audio input chunks of two seconds in length. We animate the predicted gestures on a virtual avatar. We achieve a delay below three seconds between the time of audio input and gesture animation. Code and videos are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mrebol/Gestures-From-Speech" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 4.Driving Points Prediction For Abdominal Probabilistic Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03232.pdf)
>  Inter-patient abdominal registration has various applications, from pharmakinematic studies to anatomy modeling. Yet, it remains a challenging application due to the morphological heterogeneity and variability of the human abdomen. Among the various registration methods proposed for this task, probabilistic displacement registration models estimate displacement distribution for a subset of points by comparing feature vectors of points from the two images. These probabilistic models are informative and robust while allowing large displacements by design. As the displacement distributions are typically estimated on a subset of points (which we refer to as driving points), due to computational requirements, we propose in this work to learn a driving points predictor. Compared to previously proposed methods, the driving points predictor is optimized in an end-to-end fashion to infer driving points tailored for a specific registration pipeline. We evaluate the impact of our contribution on two different datasets corresponding to different modalities. Specifically, we compared the performances of 6 different probabilistic displacement registration models when using a driving points predictor or one of 2 other standard driving points selection methods. The proposed method improved performances in 11 out of 12 experiments.      
### 5.RadTex: Learning Efficient Radiograph Representations from Text Reports  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03218.pdf)
>  Automated analysis of chest radiography using deep learning has tremendous potential to enhance the clinical diagnosis of diseases in patients. However, deep learning models typically require large amounts of annotated data to achieve high performance -- often an obstacle to medical domain adaptation. In this paper, we build a data-efficient learning framework that utilizes radiology reports to improve medical image classification performance with limited labeled data (fewer than 1000 examples). Specifically, we examine image-captioning pretraining to learn high-quality medical image representations that train on fewer examples. Following joint pretraining of a convolutional encoder and transformer decoder, we transfer the learned encoder to various classification tasks. Averaged over 9 pathologies, we find that our model achieves higher classification performance than ImageNet-supervised and in-domain supervised pretraining when labeled training data is limited.      
### 6.Bias and Fairness in Computer Vision Applications of the Criminal Justice System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03209.pdf)
>  Discriminatory practices involving AI-driven police work have been the subject of much controversies in the past few years, with algorithms such as COMPAS, PredPol and ShotSpotter being accused of unfairly impacting minority groups. At the same time, the issues of fairness in machine learning, and in particular in computer vision, have been the subject of a growing number of academic works. In this paper, we examine how these area intersect. We provide information on how these practices have come to exist and the difficulties in alleviating them. We then examine three applications currently in development to understand what risks they pose to fairness and how those risks can be mitigated.      
### 7.Neighborhood Collective Estimation for Noisy Label Identification and Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03207.pdf)
>  Learning with noisy labels (LNL) aims at designing strategies to improve model performance and generalization by mitigating the effects of model overfitting to noisy labels. The key success of LNL lies in identifying as many clean samples as possible from massive noisy data, while rectifying the wrongly assigned noisy labels. Recent advances employ the predicted label distributions of individual samples to perform noise verification and noisy label correction, easily giving rise to confirmation bias. To mitigate this issue, we propose Neighborhood Collective Estimation, in which the predictive reliability of a candidate sample is re-estimated by contrasting it against its feature-space nearest neighbors. Specifically, our method is divided into two steps: 1) Neighborhood Collective Noise Verification to separate all training samples into a clean or noisy subset, 2) Neighborhood Collective Label Correction to relabel noisy samples, and then auxiliary techniques are used to assist further model optimization. Extensive experiments on four commonly used benchmark datasets, i.e., CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, Clothing-1M and Webvision-1.0, demonstrate that our proposed method considerably outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 8.Task-agnostic Continual Hippocampus Segmentation for Smooth Population Shifts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03206.pdf)
>  Most continual learning methods are validated in settings where task boundaries are clearly defined and task identity information is available during training and testing. We explore how such methods perform in a task-agnostic setting that more closely resembles dynamic clinical environments with gradual population shifts. We propose ODEx, a holistic solution that combines out-of-distribution detection with continual learning techniques. Validation on two scenarios of hippocampus segmentation shows that our proposed method reliably maintains performance on earlier tasks without losing plasticity.      
### 9.Brain Lesion Synthesis via Progressive Adversarial Variational Auto-Encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03203.pdf)
>  Laser interstitial thermal therapy (LITT) is a novel minimally invasive treatment that is used to ablate intracranial structures to treat mesial temporal lobe epilepsy (MTLE). Region of interest (ROI) segmentation before and after LITT would enable automated lesion quantification to objectively assess treatment efficacy. Deep learning techniques, such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are state-of-the-art solutions for ROI segmentation, but require large amounts of annotated data during the training. However, collecting large datasets from emerging treatments such as LITT is impractical. In this paper, we propose a progressive brain lesion synthesis framework (PAVAE) to expand both the quantity and diversity of the training dataset. Concretely, our framework consists of two sequential networks: a mask synthesis network and a mask-guided lesion synthesis network. To better employ extrinsic information to provide additional supervision during network training, we design a condition embedding block (CEB) and a mask embedding block (MEB) to encode inherent conditions of masks to the feature space. Finally, a segmentation network is trained using raw and synthetic lesion images to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed framework. Experimental results show that our method can achieve realistic synthetic results and boost the performance of down-stream segmentation tasks above traditional data augmentation techniques.      
### 10.Disentangling 3D Attributes from a Single 2D Image: Human Pose, Shape and Garment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03167.pdf)
>  For visual manipulation tasks, we aim to represent image content with semantically meaningful features. However, learning implicit representations from images often lacks interpretability, especially when attributes are intertwined. We focus on the challenging task of extracting disentangled 3D attributes only from 2D image data. Specifically, we focus on human appearance and learn implicit pose, shape and garment representations of dressed humans from RGB images. Our method learns an embedding with disentangled latent representations of these three image properties and enables meaningful re-assembling of features and property control through a 2D-to-3D encoder-decoder structure. The 3D model is inferred solely from the feature map in the learned embedding space. To the best of our knowledge, our method is the first to achieve cross-domain disentanglement for this highly under-constrained problem. We qualitatively and quantitatively demonstrate our framework's ability to transfer pose, shape, and garments in 3D reconstruction on virtual data and show how an implicit shape loss can benefit the model's ability to recover fine-grained reconstruction details.      
### 11.Discover the Mysteries of the Maya: Selected Contributions from the Machine Learning Challenge &amp; The Discovery Challenge Workshop at ECML PKDD 2021  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03163.pdf)
>  The volume contains selected contributions from the Machine Learning Challenge "Discover the Mysteries of the Maya", presented at the Discovery Challenge Track of The European Conference on Machine Learning and Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases (ECML PKDD 2021). <br>Remote sensing has greatly accelerated traditional archaeological landscape surveys in the forested regions of the ancient Maya. Typical exploration and discovery attempts, beside focusing on whole ancient cities, focus also on individual buildings and structures. Recently, there have been several successful attempts of utilizing machine learning for identifying ancient Maya settlements. These attempts, while relevant, focus on narrow areas and rely on high-quality aerial laser scanning (ALS) data which covers only a fraction of the region where ancient Maya were once settled. Satellite image data, on the other hand, produced by the European Space Agency's (ESA) Sentinel missions, is abundant and, more importantly, publicly available. The "Discover the Mysteries of the Maya" challenge aimed at locating and identifying ancient Maya architectures (buildings, aguadas, and platforms) by performing integrated image segmentation of different types of satellite imagery (from Sentinel-1 and Sentinel-2) data and ALS (lidar) data.      
### 12.BoxShrink: From Bounding Boxes to Segmentation Masks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03142.pdf)
>  One of the core challenges facing the medical image computing community is fast and efficient data sample labeling. Obtaining fine-grained labels for segmentation is particularly demanding since it is expensive, time-consuming, and requires sophisticated tools. On the contrary, applying bounding boxes is fast and takes significantly less time than fine-grained labeling, but does not produce detailed results. In response, we propose a novel framework for weakly-supervised tasks with the rapid and robust transformation of bounding boxes into segmentation masks without training any machine learning model, coined BoxShrink. The proposed framework comes in two variants - rapid-BoxShrink for fast label transformations, and robust-BoxShrink for more precise label transformations. An average of four percent improvement in IoU is found across several models when being trained using BoxShrink in a weakly-supervised setting, compared to using only bounding box annotations as inputs on a colonoscopy image data set. We open-sourced the code for the proposed framework and published it online.      
### 13.TransPillars: Coarse-to-Fine Aggregation for Multi-Frame 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03141.pdf)
>  3D object detection using point clouds has attracted increasing attention due to its wide applications in autonomous driving and robotics. However, most existing studies focus on single point cloud frames without harnessing the temporal information in point cloud sequences. In this paper, we design TransPillars, a novel transformer-based feature aggregation technique that exploits temporal features of consecutive point cloud frames for multi-frame 3D object detection. TransPillars aggregates spatial-temporal point cloud features from two perspectives. First, it fuses voxel-level features directly from multi-frame feature maps instead of pooled instance features to preserve instance details with contextual information that are essential to accurate object localization. Second, it introduces a hierarchical coarse-to-fine strategy to fuse multi-scale features progressively to effectively capture the motion of moving objects and guide the aggregation of fine features. Besides, a variant of deformable transformer is introduced to improve the effectiveness of cross-frame feature matching. Extensive experiments show that our proposed TransPillars achieves state-of-art performance as compared to existing multi-frame detection approaches. Code will be released.      
### 14.Human Saliency-Driven Patch-based Matching for Interpretable Post-mortem Iris Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03138.pdf)
>  Forensic iris recognition, as opposed to live iris recognition, is an emerging research area that leverages the discriminative power of iris biometrics to aid human examiners in their efforts to identify deceased persons. As a machine learning-based technique in a predominantly human-controlled task, forensic recognition serves as "back-up" to human expertise in the task of post-mortem identification. As such, the machine learning model must be (a) interpretable, and (b) post-mortem-specific, to account for changes in decaying eye tissue. In this work, we propose a method that satisfies both requirements, and that approaches the creation of a post-mortem-specific feature extractor in a novel way employing human perception. We first train a deep learning-based feature detector on post-mortem iris images, using annotations of image regions highlighted by humans as salient for their decision making. In effect, the method learns interpretable features directly from humans, rather than purely data-driven features. Second, regional iris codes (again, with human-driven filtering kernels) are used to pair detected iris patches, which are translated into pairwise, patch-based comparison scores. In this way, our method presents human examiners with human-understandable visual cues in order to justify the identification decision and corresponding confidence score. When tested on a dataset of post-mortem iris images collected from 259 deceased subjects, the proposed method places among the three best iris matchers, demonstrating better results than the commercial (non-human-interpretable) VeriEye approach. We propose a unique post-mortem iris recognition method trained with human saliency to give fully-interpretable comparison outcomes for use in the context of forensic examination, achieving state-of-the-art recognition performance.      
### 15.A Lightweight Machine Learning Pipeline for LiDAR-simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03130.pdf)
>  Virtual testing is a crucial task to ensure safety in autonomous driving, and sensor simulation is an important task in this domain. Most current LiDAR simulations are very simplistic and are mainly used to perform initial tests, while the majority of insights are gathered on the road. In this paper, we propose a lightweight approach for more realistic LiDAR simulation that learns a real sensor's behavior from test drive data and transforms this to the virtual domain. The central idea is to cast the simulation into an image-to-image translation problem. We train our pix2pix based architecture on two real world data sets, namely the popular KITTI data set and the Audi Autonomous Driving Dataset which provide both, RGB and LiDAR images. We apply this network on synthetic renderings and show that it generalizes sufficiently from real images to simulated images. This strategy enables to skip the sensor-specific, expensive and complex LiDAR physics simulation in our synthetic world and avoids oversimplification and a large domain-gap through the clean synthetic environment.      
### 16.MorDeephy: Face Morphing Detection Via Fused Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03110.pdf)
>  Face morphing attack detection (MAD) is one of the most challenging tasks in the field of face recognition nowadays. In this work, we introduce a novel deep learning strategy for a single image face morphing detection, which implies the discrimination of morphed face images along with a sophisticated face recognition task in a complex classification scheme. It is directed onto learning the deep facial features, which carry information about the authenticity of these features. Our work also introduces several additional contributions: the public and easy-to-use face morphing detection benchmark and the results of our wild datasets filtering strategy. Our method, which we call MorDeephy, achieved the state of the art performance and demonstrated a prominent ability for generalising the task of morphing detection to unseen scenarios.      
### 17.Instance As Identity: A Generic Online Paradigm for Video Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03079.pdf)
>  Modeling temporal information for both detection and tracking in a unified framework has been proved a promising solution to video instance segmentation (VIS). However, how to effectively incorporate the temporal information into an online model remains an open problem. In this work, we propose a new online VIS paradigm named Instance As Identity (IAI), which models temporal information for both detection and tracking in an efficient way. In detail, IAI employs a novel identification module to predict identification number for tracking instances explicitly. For passing temporal information cross frame, IAI utilizes an association module which combines current features and past embeddings. Notably, IAI can be integrated with different image models. We conduct extensive experiments on three VIS benchmarks. IAI outperforms all the online competitors on YouTube-VIS-2019 (ResNet-101 41.9 mAP) and YouTube-VIS-2021 (ResNet-50 37.7 mAP). Surprisingly, on the more challenging OVIS, IAI achieves SOTA performance (20.3 mAP). Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zfonemore/IAI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 18.Exploring Resolution and Degradation Clues as Self-supervised Signal for Low Quality Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03062.pdf)
>  Image restoration algorithms such as super resolution (SR) are indispensable pre-processing modules for object detection in low quality images. Most of these algorithms assume the degradation is fixed and known a priori. However, in practical, either the real degradation or optimal up-sampling ratio rate is unknown or differs from assumption, leading to a deteriorating performance for both the pre-processing module and the consequent high-level task such as object detection. Here, we propose a novel self-supervised framework to detect objects in degraded low resolution images. We utilizes the downsampling degradation as a kind of transformation for self-supervised signals to explore the equivariant representation against various resolutions and other degradation conditions. The Auto Encoding Resolution in Self-supervision (AERIS) framework could further take the advantage of advanced SR architectures with an arbitrary resolution restoring decoder to reconstruct the original correspondence from the degraded input image. Both the representation learning and object detection are optimized jointly in an end-to-end training fashion. The generic AERIS framework could be implemented on various mainstream object detection architectures with different backbones. The extensive experiments show that our methods has achieved superior performance compared with existing methods when facing variant degradation situations. Code would be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cuiziteng/ECCV_AERIS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Hybrid Multimodal Feature Extraction, Mining and Fusion for Sentiment Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03051.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present our solutions for the Multimodal Sentiment Analysis Challenge (MuSe) 2022, which includes MuSe-Humor, MuSe-Reaction and MuSe-Stress Sub-challenges. The MuSe 2022 focuses on humor detection, emotional reactions and multimodal emotional stress utilising different modalities and data sets. In our work, different kinds of multimodal features are extracted, including acoustic, visual, text and biological features. These features are fused by TEMMA and GRU with self-attention mechanism frameworks. In this paper, 1) several new audio features, facial expression features and paragraph-level text embeddings are extracted for accuracy improvement. 2) we substantially improve the accuracy and reliability for multimodal sentiment prediction by mining and blending the multimodal features. 3) effective data augmentation strategies are applied in model training to alleviate the problem of sample imbalance and prevent the model form learning biased subject characters. For the MuSe-Humor sub-challenge, our model obtains the AUC score of 0.8932. For the MuSe-Reaction sub-challenge, the Pearson's Correlations Coefficient of our approach on the test set is 0.3879, which outperforms all other participants. For the MuSe-Stress sub-challenge, our approach outperforms the baseline in both arousal and valence on the test dataset, reaching a final combined result of 0.5151.      
### 20.Blockwise Temporal-Spatial Pathway Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03040.pdf)
>  Algorithms for video action recognition should consider not only spatial information but also temporal relations, which remains challenging. We propose a 3D-CNN-based action recognition model, called the blockwise temporal-spatial path-way network (BTSNet), which can adjust the temporal and spatial receptive fields by multiple pathways. We designed a novel model inspired by an adaptive kernel selection-based model, which is an architecture for effective feature encoding that adaptively chooses spatial receptive fields for image recognition. Expanding this approach to the temporal domain, our model extracts temporal and channel-wise attention and fuses information on various candidate operations. For evaluation, we tested our proposed model on UCF-101, HMDB-51, SVW, and Epic-Kitchen datasets and showed that it generalized well without pretraining. BTSNet also provides interpretable visualization based on spatiotemporal channel-wise attention. We confirm that the blockwise temporal-spatial pathway supports a better representation for 3D convolutional blocks based on this visualization.      
### 21.Deep Bayesian Active-Learning-to-Rank for Endoscopic Image Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03020.pdf)
>  Automatic image-based disease severity estimation generally uses discrete (i.e., quantized) severity labels. Annotating discrete labels is often difficult due to the images with ambiguous severity. An easier alternative is to use relative annotation, which compares the severity level between image pairs. By using a learning-to-rank framework with relative annotation, we can train a neural network that estimates rank scores that are relative to severity levels. However, the relative annotation for all possible pairs is prohibitive, and therefore, appropriate sample pair selection is mandatory. This paper proposes a deep Bayesian active-learning-to-rank, which trains a Bayesian convolutional neural network while automatically selecting appropriate pairs for relative annotation. We confirmed the efficiency of the proposed method through experiments on endoscopic images of ulcerative colitis. In addition, we confirmed that our method is useful even with the severe class imbalance because of its ability to select samples from minor classes automatically.      
### 22.Learning Spatiotemporal Frequency-Transformer for Compressed Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03012.pdf)
>  Compressed video super-resolution (VSR) aims to restore high-resolution frames from compressed low-resolution counterparts. Most recent VSR approaches often enhance an input frame by borrowing relevant textures from neighboring video frames. Although some progress has been made, there are grand challenges to effectively extract and transfer high-quality textures from compressed videos where most frames are usually highly degraded. In this paper, we propose a novel Frequency-Transformer for compressed video super-resolution (FTVSR) that conducts self-attention over a joint space-time-frequency domain. First, we divide a video frame into patches, and transform each patch into DCT spectral maps in which each channel represents a frequency band. Such a design enables a fine-grained level self-attention on each frequency band, so that real visual texture can be distinguished from artifacts, and further utilized for video frame restoration. Second, we study different self-attention schemes, and discover that a divided attention which conducts a joint space-frequency attention before applying temporal attention on each frequency band, leads to the best video enhancement quality. Experimental results on two widely-used video super-resolution benchmarks show that FTVSR outperforms state-of-the-art approaches on both uncompressed and compressed videos with clear visual margins. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/researchmm/FTVSR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.TransMatting: Enhancing Transparent Objects Matting with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03007.pdf)
>  Image matting refers to predicting the alpha values of unknown foreground areas from natural images. Prior methods have focused on propagating alpha values from known to unknown regions. However, not all natural images have a specifically known foreground. Images of transparent objects, like glass, smoke, web, etc., have less or no known foreground. In this paper, we propose a Transformer-based network, TransMatting, to model transparent objects with a big receptive field. Specifically, we redesign the trimap as three learnable tri-tokens for introducing advanced semantic features into the self-attention mechanism. A small convolutional network is proposed to utilize the global feature and non-background mask to guide the multi-scale feature propagation from encoder to decoder for maintaining the contexture of transparent objects. In addition, we create a high-resolution matting dataset of transparent objects with small known foreground areas. Experiments on several matting benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method over the current state-of-the-art methods.      
### 24.Task-Balanced Distillation for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03006.pdf)
>  Mainstream object detectors are commonly constituted of two sub-tasks, including classification and regression tasks, implemented by two parallel heads. This classic design paradigm inevitably leads to inconsistent spatial distributions between classification score and localization quality (IOU). Therefore, this paper alleviates this misalignment in the view of knowledge distillation. First, we observe that the massive teacher achieves a higher proportion of harmonious predictions than the lightweight student. Based on this intriguing observation, a novel Harmony Score (HS) is devised to estimate the alignment of classification and regression qualities. HS models the relationship between two sub-tasks and is seen as prior knowledge to promote harmonious predictions for the student. Second, this spatial misalignment will result in inharmonious region selection when distilling features. To alleviate this problem, a novel Task-decoupled Feature Distillation (TFD) is proposed by flexibly balancing the contributions of classification and regression tasks. Eventually, HD and TFD constitute the proposed method, named Task-Balanced Distillation (TBD). Extensive experiments demonstrate the considerable potential and generalization of the proposed method. Specifically, when equipped with TBD, RetinaNet with ResNet-50 achieves 41.0 mAP under the COCO benchmark, outperforming the recent FGD and FRS.      
### 25.Localized Sparse Incomplete Multi-view Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02998.pdf)
>  Incomplete multi-view clustering, which aims to solve the clustering problem on the incomplete multi-view data with partial view missing, has received more and more attention in recent years. Although numerous methods have been developed, most of the methods either cannot flexibly handle the incomplete multi-view data with arbitrary missing views or do not consider the negative factor of information imbalance among views. Moreover, some methods do not fully explore the local structure of all incomplete views. To tackle these problems, this paper proposes a simple but effective method, named localized sparse incomplete multi-view clustering (LSIMVC). Different from the existing methods, LSIMVC intends to learn a sparse and structured consensus latent representation from the incomplete multi-view data by optimizing a sparse regularized and novel graph embedded multi-view matrix factorization model. Specifically, in such a novel model based on the matrix factorization, a l1 norm based sparse constraint is introduced to obtain the sparse low-dimensional individual representations and the sparse consensus representation. Moreover, a novel local graph embedding term is introduced to learn the structured consensus representation. Different from the existing works, our local graph embedding term aggregates the graph embedding task and consensus representation learning task into a concise term. Furthermore, to reduce the imbalance factor of incomplete multi-view learning, an adaptive weighted learning scheme is introduced to LSIMVC. Finally, an efficient optimization strategy is given to solve the optimization problem of our proposed model. Comprehensive experimental results performed on six incomplete multi-view databases verify that the performance of our LSIMVC is superior to the state-of-the-art IMC approaches. The code is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/justsmart/LSIMVC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Analyzing the Impact of Shape &amp; Context on the Face Recognition Performance of Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02991.pdf)
>  In this article, we analyze how changing the underlying 3D shape of the base identity in face images can distort their overall appearance, especially from the perspective of deep face recognition. As done in popular training data augmentation schemes, we graphically render real and synthetic face images with randomly chosen or best-fitting 3D face models to generate novel views of the base identity. We compare deep features generated from these images to assess the perturbation these renderings introduce into the original identity. We perform this analysis at various degrees of facial yaw with the base identities varying in gender and ethnicity. Additionally, we investigate if adding some form of context and background pixels in these rendered images, when used as training data, further improves the downstream performance of a face recognition model. Our experiments demonstrate the significance of facial shape in accurate face matching and underpin the importance of contextual data for network training.      
### 27.An Efficient Person Clustering Algorithm for Open Checkout-free Groceries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02973.pdf)
>  Open checkout-free grocery is the grocery store where the customers never have to wait in line to check out. Developing a system like this is not trivial since it faces challenges of recognizing the dynamic and massive flow of people. In particular, a clustering method that can efficiently assign each snapshot to the corresponding customer is essential for the system. In order to address the unique challenges in the open checkout-free grocery, we propose an efficient and effective person clustering method. Specifically, we first propose a Crowded Sub-Graph (CSG) to localize the relationship among massive and continuous data streams. CSG is constructed by the proposed Pick-Link-Weight (PLW) strategy, which \textbf{picks} the nodes based on time-space information, \textbf{links} the nodes via trajectory information, and \textbf{weighs} the links by the proposed von Mises-Fisher (vMF) similarity metric. Then, to ensure that the method adapts to the dynamic and unseen person flow, we propose Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) with a simple Nearest Neighbor (NN) strategy to accurately cluster the instances of CSG. GCN is adopted to project the features into low-dimensional separable space, and NN is able to quickly produce a result in this space upon dynamic person flow. The experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms other alternative algorithms in this scenario. In practice, the whole system has been implemented and deployed in several real-world open checkout-free groceries.      
### 28.Memory-Guided Collaborative Attention for Nighttime Thermal Infrared Image Colorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02960.pdf)
>  Nighttime thermal infrared (NTIR) image colorization, also known as translation of NTIR images into daytime color images (NTIR2DC), is a promising research direction to facilitate nighttime scene perception for humans and intelligent systems under unfavorable conditions (e.g., complete darkness). However, previously developed methods have poor colorization performance for small sample classes. Moreover, reducing the high confidence noise in pseudo-labels and addressing the problem of image gradient disappearance during translation are still under-explored, and keeping edges from being distorted during translation is also challenging. To address the aforementioned issues, we propose a novel learning framework called Memory-guided cOllaboRative atteNtion Generative Adversarial Network (MornGAN), which is inspired by the analogical reasoning mechanisms of humans. Specifically, a memory-guided sample selection strategy and adaptive collaborative attention loss are devised to enhance the semantic preservation of small sample categories. In addition, we propose an online semantic distillation module to mine and refine the pseudo-labels of NTIR images. Further, conditional gradient repair loss is introduced for reducing edge distortion during translation. Extensive experiments on the NTIR2DC task show that the proposed MornGAN significantly outperforms other image-to-image translation methods in terms of semantic preservation and edge consistency, which helps improve the object detection accuracy remarkably.      
### 29.A Novel Enhanced Convolution Neural Network with Extreme Learning Machine: Facial Emotional Recognition in Psychology Practices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02953.pdf)
>  Facial emotional recognition is one of the essential tools used by recognition psychology to diagnose patients. Face and facial emotional recognition are areas where machine learning is excelling. Facial Emotion Recognition in an unconstrained environment is an open challenge for digital image processing due to different environments, such as lighting conditions, pose variation, yaw motion, and occlusions. Deep learning approaches have shown significant improvements in image recognition. However, accuracy and time still need improvements. This research aims to improve facial emotion recognition accuracy during the training session and reduce processing time using a modified Convolution Neural Network Enhanced with Extreme Learning Machine (CNNEELM). The system entails (CNNEELM) improving the accuracy in image registration during the training session. Furthermore, the system recognizes six facial emotions happy, sad, disgust, fear, surprise, and neutral with the proposed CNNEELM model. The study shows that the overall facial emotion recognition accuracy is improved by 2% than the state of art solutions with a modified Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) technique. With the Extreme Learning Machine (ELM) classifier, the processing time is brought down to 65ms from 113ms, which can smoothly classify each frame from a video clip at 20fps. With the pre-trained InceptionV3 model, the proposed CNNEELM model is trained with JAFFE, CK+, and FER2013 expression datasets. The simulation results show significant improvements in accuracy and processing time, making the model suitable for the video analysis process. Besides, the study solves the issue of the large processing time required to process the facial images.      
### 30.Joint Attention-Driven Domain Fusion and Noise-Tolerant Learning for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02947.pdf)
>  As a study on the efficient usage of data, Multi-source Unsupervised Domain Adaptation transfers knowledge from multiple source domains with labeled data to an unlabeled target domain. However, the distribution discrepancy between different domains and the noisy pseudo-labels in the target domain both lead to performance bottlenecks of the Multi-source Unsupervised Domain Adaptation methods. In light of this, we propose an approach that integrates Attention-driven Domain fusion and Noise-Tolerant learning (ADNT) to address the two issues mentioned above. Firstly, we establish a contrary attention structure to perform message passing between features and to induce domain movement. Through this approach, the discriminability of the features can also be significantly improved while the domain discrepancy is reduced. Secondly, based on the characteristics of the unsupervised domain adaptation training, we design an Adaptive Reverse Cross Entropy loss, which can directly impose constraints on the generation of pseudo-labels. Finally, combining these two approaches, experimental results on several benchmarks further validate the effectiveness of our proposed ADNT and demonstrate superior performance over the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 31.Applied monocular reconstruction of parametric faces with domain engineering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02935.pdf)
>  Many modern online 3D applications and videogames rely on parametric models of human faces for creating believable avatars. However, manual reproduction of someone's facial likeness with a parametric model is difficult and time-consuming. Machine Learning solution for that task is highly desirable but is also challenging. The paper proposes a novel approach to the so-called Face-to-Parameters problem (F2P for short), aiming to reconstruct a parametric face from a single image. The proposed method utilizes synthetic data, domain decomposition, and domain adaptation for addressing multifaceted challenges in solving the F2P. The open-sourced codebase illustrates our key observations and provides means for quantitative evaluation. The presented approach proves practical in an industrial application; it improves accuracy and allows for more efficient models training. The techniques have the potential to extend to other types of parametric models.      
### 32.Redesigning Multi-Scale Neural Network for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02894.pdf)
>  Perspective distortions and crowd variations make crowd counting a challenging task in computer vision. To tackle it, many previous works have used multi-scale architecture in deep neural networks (DNNs). Multi-scale branches can be either directly merged (e.g. by concatenation) or merged through the guidance of proxies (e.g. attentions) in the DNNs. Despite their prevalence, these combination methods are not sophisticated enough to deal with the per-pixel performance discrepancy over multi-scale density maps. In this work, we redesign the multi-scale neural network by introducing a hierarchical mixture of density experts, which hierarchically merges multi-scale density maps for crowd counting. Within the hierarchical structure, an expert competition and collaboration scheme is presented to encourage contributions from all scales; pixel-wise soft gating nets are introduced to provide pixel-wise soft weights for scale combinations in different hierarchies. The network is optimized using both the crowd density map and the local counting map, where the latter is obtained by local integration on the former. Optimizing both can be problematic because of their potential conflicts. We introduce a new relative local counting loss based on relative count differences among hard-predicted local regions in an image, which proves to be complementary to the conventional absolute error loss on the density map. Experiments show that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on five public datasets, i.e. ShanghaiTech, UCF_CC_50, JHU-CROWD++, NWPU-Crowd and Trancos.      
### 33.PointConvFormer: Revenge of the Point-based Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02879.pdf)
>  We introduce PointConvFormer, a novel building block for point cloud based deep neural network architectures. Inspired by generalization theory, PointConvFormer combines ideas from point convolution, where filter weights are only based on relative position, and Transformers which utilizes feature-based attention. In PointConvFormer, feature difference between points in the neighborhood serves as an indicator to re-weight the convolutional weights. Hence, we preserved the invariances from the point convolution operation whereas attention is used to select relevant points in the neighborhood for convolution. To validate the effectiveness of PointConvFormer, we experiment on both semantic segmentation and scene flow estimation tasks on point clouds with multiple datasets including ScanNet, SemanticKitti, FlyingThings3D and KITTI. Our results show that PointConvFormer substantially outperforms classic convolutions, regular transformers, and voxelized sparse convolution approaches with smaller, more computationally efficient networks. Visualizations show that PointConvFormer performs similarly to convolution on flat surfaces, whereas the neighborhood selection effect is stronger on object boundaries, showing that it got the best of both worlds.      
### 34.Improved post-hoc probability calibration for out-of-domain MRI segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02870.pdf)
>  Probability calibration for deep models is highly desirable in safety-critical applications such as medical imaging. It makes output probabilities of deep networks interpretable, by aligning prediction probabilities with the actual accuracy in test data. In image segmentation, well-calibrated probabilities allow radiologists to identify regions where model-predicted segmentations are unreliable. These unreliable predictions often occur to out-of-domain (OOD) images that are caused by imaging artifacts or unseen imaging protocols. Unfortunately, most previous calibration methods for image segmentation perform sub-optimally on OOD images. To reduce the calibration error when confronted with OOD images, we propose a novel post-hoc calibration model. Our model leverages the pixel susceptibility against perturbations at the local level, and the shape prior information at the global level. The model is tested on cardiac MRI segmentation datasets that contain unseen imaging artifacts and images from an unseen imaging protocol. We demonstrate reduced calibration errors compared with the state-of-the-art calibration algorithm.      
### 35.Latent Multi-Relation Reasoning for GAN-Prior based Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02861.pdf)
>  Recently, single image super-resolution (SR) under large scaling factors has witnessed impressive progress by introducing pre-trained generative adversarial networks (GANs) as priors. However, most GAN-Priors based SR methods are constrained by an attribute disentanglement problem in inverted latent codes which directly leads to mismatches of visual attributes in the generator layers and further degraded reconstruction. In addition, stochastic noises fed to the generator are employed for unconditional detail generation, which tends to produce unfaithful details that compromise the fidelity of the generated SR image. We design LAREN, a LAtent multi-Relation rEasoNing technique that achieves superb large-factor SR through graph-based multi-relation reasoning in latent space. LAREN consists of two innovative designs. The first is graph-based disentanglement that constructs a superior disentangled latent space via hierarchical multi-relation reasoning. The second is graph-based code generation that produces image-specific codes progressively via recursive relation reasoning which enables prior GANs to generate desirable image details. Extensive experiments show that LAREN achieves superior large-factor image SR and outperforms the state-of-the-art consistently across multiple benchmarks.      
### 36.Self-Ensembling Vision Transformer (SEViT) for Robust Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02851.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViT) are competing to replace Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) for various computer vision tasks in medical imaging such as classification and segmentation. While the vulnerability of CNNs to adversarial attacks is a well-known problem, recent works have shown that ViTs are also susceptible to such attacks and suffer significant performance degradation under attack. The vulnerability of ViTs to carefully engineered adversarial samples raises serious concerns about their safety in clinical settings. In this paper, we propose a novel self-ensembling method to enhance the robustness of ViT in the presence of adversarial attacks. The proposed Self-Ensembling Vision Transformer (SEViT) leverages the fact that feature representations learned by initial blocks of a ViT are relatively unaffected by adversarial perturbations. Learning multiple classifiers based on these intermediate feature representations and combining these predictions with that of the final ViT classifier can provide robustness against adversarial attacks. Measuring the consistency between the various predictions can also help detect adversarial samples. Experiments on two modalities (chest X-ray and fundoscopy) demonstrate the efficacy of SEViT architecture to defend against various adversarial attacks in the gray-box (attacker has full knowledge of the target model, but not the defense mechanism) setting. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/faresmalik/SEViT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 37.TIC: Text-Guided Image Colorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02843.pdf)
>  Image colorization is a well-known problem in computer vision. However, due to the ill-posed nature of the task, image colorization is inherently challenging. Though several attempts have been made by researchers to make the colorization pipeline automatic, these processes often produce unrealistic results due to a lack of conditioning. In this work, we attempt to integrate textual descriptions as an auxiliary condition, along with the grayscale image that is to be colorized, to improve the fidelity of the colorization process. To the best of our knowledge, this is one of the first attempts to incorporate textual conditioning in the colorization pipeline. To do so, we have proposed a novel deep network that takes two inputs (the grayscale image and the respective encoded text description) and tries to predict the relevant color gamut. As the respective textual descriptions contain color information of the objects present in the scene, the text encoding helps to improve the overall quality of the predicted colors. We have evaluated our proposed model using different metrics and found that it outperforms the state-of-the-art colorization algorithms both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 38.Lethal Dose Conjecture on Data Poisoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03309.pdf)
>  Data poisoning considers an adversary that distorts the training set of machine learning algorithms for malicious purposes. In this work, we bring to light one conjecture regarding the fundamentals of data poisoning, which we call the Lethal Dose Conjecture. The conjecture states: If $n$ clean training samples are needed for accurate predictions, then in a size-$N$ training set, only $\Theta(N/n)$ poisoned samples can be tolerated while ensuring accuracy. Theoretically, we verify this conjecture in multiple cases. We also offer a more general perspective of this conjecture through distribution discrimination. Deep Partition Aggregation (DPA) and its extension, Finite Aggregation (FA) are recent approaches for provable defenses against data poisoning, where they predict through the majority vote of many base models trained from different subsets of training set using a given learner. The conjecture implies that both DPA and FA are (asymptotically) optimal -- if we have the most data-efficient learner, they can turn it into one of the most robust defenses against data poisoning. This outlines a practical approach to developing stronger defenses against poisoning via finding data-efficient learners. Empirically, as a proof of concept, we show that by simply using different data augmentations for base learners, we can respectively double and triple the certified robustness of DPA on CIFAR-10 and GTSRB without sacrificing accuracy.      
### 39.Deep Learning-based Segmentation of Pleural Effusion From Ultrasound Using Coordinate Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03305.pdf)
>  In many low-to-middle income (LMIC) countries, ultrasound is used for assessment of pleural effusion. Typically, the extent of the effusion is manually measured by a sonographer, leading to significant intra-/inter-observer variability. In this work, we investigate the use of deep learning (DL) to automate the process of pleural effusion segmentation from ultrasound images. On two datasets acquired in a LMIC setting, we achieve median Dice Similarity Coefficients (DSCs) of 0.82 and 0.74 respectively using the nnU-net DL model. We also investigate the use of coordinate convolutions in the DL model and find that this results in a statistically significant improvement in the median DSC on the first dataset to 0.85, with no significant change on the second dataset. This work showcases, for the first time, the potential of DL in automating the process of effusion assessment from ultrasound in LMIC settings where there is often a lack of experienced radiologists to perform such tasks.      
### 40.Distance-based detection of out-of-distribution silent failures for Covid-19 lung lesion segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03217.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of ground glass opacities and consolidations in chest computer tomography (CT) scans can potentially ease the burden of radiologists during times of high resource utilisation. However, deep learning models are not trusted in the clinical routine due to failing silently on out-of-distribution (OOD) data. We propose a lightweight OOD detection method that leverages the Mahalanobis distance in the feature space and seamlessly integrates into state-of-the-art segmentation pipelines. The simple approach can even augment pre-trained models with clinically relevant uncertainty quantification. We validate our method across four chest CT distribution shifts and two magnetic resonance imaging applications, namely segmentation of the hippocampus and the prostate. Our results show that the proposed method effectively detects far- and near-OOD samples across all explored scenarios.      
### 41.Adversarial Robustness of MR Image Reconstruction under Realistic Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03161.pdf)
>  Deep Learning (DL) methods have shown promising results for solving ill-posed inverse problems such as MR image reconstruction from undersampled $k$-space data. However, these approaches currently have no guarantees for reconstruction quality and the reliability of such algorithms is only poorly understood. Adversarial attacks offer a valuable tool to understand possible failure modes and worst case performance of DL-based reconstruction algorithms. In this paper we describe adversarial attacks on multi-coil $k$-space measurements and evaluate them on the recently proposed E2E-VarNet and a simpler UNet-based model. In contrast to prior work, the attacks are targeted to specifically alter diagnostically relevant regions. Using two realistic attack models (adversarial $k$-space noise and adversarial rotations) we are able to show that current state-of-the-art DL-based reconstruction algorithms are indeed sensitive to such perturbations to a degree where relevant diagnostic information may be lost. Surprisingly, in our experiments the UNet and the more sophisticated E2E-VarNet were similarly sensitive to such attacks. Our findings add further to the evidence that caution must be exercised as DL-based methods move closer to clinical practice.      
### 42.Sinusoidal Sensitivity Calculation for Line Segment Geometries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03059.pdf)
>  Purpose: Provide a closed-form solution to the sinusoidal coil sensitivity model proposed by Kern et al. This closed-form allows for precise computations of varied, simulated bias fields for ground-truth debias datasets. <br>Methods: Fourier distribution theory and standard integration techniques were used to calculate the Fourier transform for line segment magnetic fields. <br>Results: A $L^1_{\rm loc}(\mathbb{R}^3)$ function is derived in full generality for arbitrary line segment geometries. Sampling criteria and equivalence to the original sinusoidal model are also discussed. Lastly a CUDA accelerated implementation $\texttt{biasgen}$ is provided by authors. <br>Conclusion: As the derived result is influenced by coil positioning and geometry, practitioners will have access to a more diverse ecosystem of simulated datasets which may be used to compare prospective debiasing methods.      
### 43.Low-Light Hyperspectral Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03042.pdf)
>  Due to inadequate energy captured by the hyperspectral camera sensor in poor illumination conditions, low-light hyperspectral images (HSIs) usually suffer from low visibility, spectral distortion, and various noises. A range of HSI restoration methods have been developed, yet their effectiveness in enhancing low-light HSIs is constrained. This work focuses on the low-light HSI enhancement task, which aims to reveal the spatial-spectral information hidden in darkened areas. To facilitate the development of low-light HSI processing, we collect a low-light HSI (LHSI) dataset of both indoor and outdoor scenes. Based on Laplacian pyramid decomposition and reconstruction, we developed an end-to-end data-driven low-light HSI enhancement (HSIE) approach trained on the LHSI dataset. With the observation that illumination is related to the low-frequency component of HSI, while textural details are closely correlated to the high-frequency component, the proposed HSIE is designed to have two branches. The illumination enhancement branch is adopted to enlighten the low-frequency component with reduced resolution. The high-frequency refinement branch is utilized for refining the high-frequency component via a predicted mask. In addition, to improve information flow and boost performance, we introduce an effective channel attention block (CAB) with residual dense connection, which served as the basic block of the illumination enhancement branch. The effectiveness and efficiency of HSIE both in quantitative assessment measures and visual effects are demonstrated by experimental results on the LHSI dataset. According to the classification performance on the remote sensing Indian Pines dataset, downstream tasks benefit from the enhanced HSI. Datasets and codes are available: \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guanguanboy/HSIE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guanguanboy/HSIE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 44.ChiQA: A Large Scale Image-based Real-World Question Answering Dataset for Multi-Modal Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03030.pdf)
>  Visual question answering is an important task in both natural language and vision understanding. However, in most of the public visual question answering datasets such as VQA, CLEVR, the questions are human generated that specific to the given image, such as `What color are her eyes?'. The human generated crowdsourcing questions are relatively simple and sometimes have the bias toward certain entities or attributes. In this paper, we introduce a new question answering dataset based on image-ChiQA. It contains the real-world queries issued by internet users, combined with several related open-domain images. The system should determine whether the image could answer the question or not. Different from previous VQA datasets, the questions are real-world image-independent queries that are more various and unbiased. Compared with previous image-retrieval or image-caption datasets, the ChiQA not only measures the relatedness but also measures the answerability, which demands more fine-grained vision and language reasoning. ChiQA contains more than 40K questions and more than 200K question-images pairs. A three-level 2/1/0 label is assigned to each pair indicating perfect answer, partially answer and irrelevant. Data analysis shows ChiQA requires a deep understanding of both language and vision, including grounding, comparisons, and reading. We evaluate several state-of-the-art visual-language models such as ALBEF, demonstrating that there is still a large room for improvements on ChiQA.      
### 45.BrainFormer: A Hybrid CNN-Transformer Model for Brain fMRI Data Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03028.pdf)
>  In neuroimaging analysis, functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) can well assess brain function changes for brain diseases with no obvious structural lesions. So far, most deep-learning-based fMRI studies take functional connectivity as the basic feature in disease classification. However, functional connectivity is often calculated based on time series of predefined regions of interest and neglects detailed information contained in each voxel, which may accordingly deteriorate the performance of diagnostic models. Another methodological drawback is the limited sample size for the training of deep models. In this study, we propose BrainFormer, a general hybrid Transformer architecture for brain disease classification with single fMRI volume to fully exploit the voxel-wise details with sufficient data dimensions and sizes. BrainFormer is constructed by modeling the local cues within each voxel with 3D convolutions and capturing the global relations among distant regions with two global attention blocks. The local and global cues are aggregated in BrainFormer by a single-stream model. To handle multisite data, we propose a normalization layer to normalize the data into identical distribution. Finally, a Gradient-based Localization-map Visualization method is utilized for locating the possible disease-related biomarker. We evaluate BrainFormer on five independently acquired datasets including ABIDE, ADNI, MPILMBB, ADHD-200 and ECHO, with diseases of autism, Alzheimer's disease, depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and headache disorders. The results demonstrate the effectiveness and generalizability of BrainFormer for multiple brain diseases diagnosis. BrainFormer may promote neuroimaging-based precision diagnosis in clinical practice and motivate future study in fMRI analysis. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZiyaoZhangforPCL/BrainFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Calibrate the inter-observer segmentation uncertainty via diagnosis-first principle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03016.pdf)
>  On the medical images, many of the tissues/lesions may be ambiguous. That is why the medical segmentation is typically annotated by a group of clinical experts to mitigate the personal bias. However, this clinical routine also brings new challenges to the application of machine learning algorithms. Without a definite ground-truth, it will be difficult to train and evaluate the deep learning models. When the annotations are collected from different graders, a common choice is majority vote. However such a strategy ignores the difference between the grader expertness. In this paper, we consider the task of predicting the segmentation with the calibrated inter-observer uncertainty. We note that in clinical practice, the medical image segmentation is usually used to assist the disease diagnosis. Inspired by this observation, we propose diagnosis-first principle, which is to take disease diagnosis as the criterion to calibrate the inter-observer segmentation uncertainty. Following this idea, a framework named Diagnosis First segmentation Framework (DiFF) is proposed to estimate diagnosis-first segmentation from the raw images.Specifically, DiFF will first learn to fuse the multi-rater segmentation labels to a single ground-truth which could maximize the disease diagnosis performance. We dubbed the fused ground-truth as Diagnosis First Ground-truth (DF-GT).Then, we further propose Take and Give Modelto segment DF-GT from the raw image. We verify the effectiveness of DiFF on three different medical segmentation tasks: OD/OC segmentation on fundus images, thyroid nodule segmentation on ultrasound images, and skin lesion segmentation on dermoscopic images. Experimental results show that the proposed DiFF is able to significantly facilitate the corresponding disease diagnosis, which outperforms previous state-of-the-art multi-rater learning methods.      
### 47.Rethinking Degradation: Radiograph Super-Resolution via AID-SRGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.03008.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a medical AttentIon Denoising Super Resolution Generative Adversarial Network (AID-SRGAN) for diographic image super-resolution. First, we present a medical practical degradation model that considers various degradation factors beyond downsampling. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first composite degradation model proposed for radiographic images. Furthermore, we propose AID-SRGAN, which can simultaneously denoise and generate high-resolution (HR) radiographs. In this model, we introduce an attention mechanism into the denoising module to make it more robust to complicated degradation. Finally, the SR module reconstructs the HR radiographs using the "clean" low-resolution (LR) radiographs. In addition, we propose a separate-joint training approach to train the model, and extensive experiments are conducted to show that the proposed method is superior to its counterparts. e.g., our proposed method achieves $31.90$ of PSNR with a scale factor of $4 \times$, which is $7.05 \%$ higher than that obtained by recent work, SPSR [16]. Our dataset and code will be made available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yongsongH/AIDSRGAN-MICCAI2022" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Learning to Generate 3D Shapes from a Single Example  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02946.pdf)
>  Existing generative models for 3D shapes are typically trained on a large 3D dataset, often of a specific object category. In this paper, we investigate the deep generative model that learns from only a single reference 3D shape. Specifically, we present a multi-scale GAN-based model designed to capture the input shape's geometric features across a range of spatial scales. To avoid large memory and computational cost induced by operating on the 3D volume, we build our generator atop the tri-plane hybrid representation, which requires only 2D convolutions. We train our generative model on a voxel pyramid of the reference shape, without the need of any external supervision or manual annotation. Once trained, our model can generate diverse and high-quality 3D shapes possibly of different sizes and aspect ratios. The resulting shapes present variations across different scales, and at the same time retain the global structure of the reference shape. Through extensive evaluation, both qualitative and quantitative, we demonstrate that our model can generate 3D shapes of various types.      
### 49.LaTTe: Language Trajectory TransformEr  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02918.pdf)
>  Natural language is one of the most intuitive ways to express human intent. However, translating instructions and commands towards robotic motion generation, and deployment in the real world, is far from being an easy task. Indeed, combining robotic's inherent low-level geometric and kinodynamic constraints with human's high-level semantic information reinvigorates and raises new challenges to the task-design problem -- typically leading to task or hardware specific solutions with a static set of action targets and commands. This work instead proposes a flexible language-based framework that allows to modify generic 3D robotic trajectories using language commands with reduced constraints about prior task or robot information. By taking advantage of pre-trained language models, we employ an auto-regressive transformer to map natural language inputs and contextual images into changes in 3D trajectories. We show through simulations and real-life experiments that the model can successfully follow human intent, modifying the shape and speed of trajectories for multiple robotic platforms and contexts. This study takes a step into building large pre-trained foundational models for robotics and shows how such models can create more intuitive and flexible interactions between human and machines. Codebase available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/arthurfenderbucker/NL_trajectory_reshaper" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.Unsupervised Tissue Segmentation via Deep Constrained Gaussian Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02912.pdf)
>  Tissue segmentation is the mainstay of pathological examination, whereas the manual delineation is unduly burdensome. To assist this time-consuming and subjective manual step, researchers have devised methods to automatically segment structures in pathological images. Recently, automated machine and deep learning based methods dominate tissue segmentation research studies. However, most machine and deep learning based approaches are supervised and developed using a large number of training samples, in which the pixelwise annotations are expensive and sometimes can be impossible to obtain. This paper introduces a novel unsupervised learning paradigm by integrating an end-to-end deep mixture model with a constrained indicator to acquire accurate semantic tissue segmentation. This constraint aims to centralise the components of deep mixture models during the calculation of the optimisation function. In so doing, the redundant or empty class issues, which are common in current unsupervised learning methods, can be greatly reduced. By validation on both public and in-house datasets, the proposed deep constrained Gaussian network achieves significantly (Wilcoxon signed-rank test) better performance (with the average Dice scores of 0.737 and 0.735, respectively) on tissue segmentation with improved stability and robustness, compared to other existing unsupervised segmentation approaches. Furthermore, the proposed method presents a similar performance (p-value &gt; 0.05) compared to the fully supervised U-Net.      
### 51.A Novel Automated Classification and Segmentation for COVID-19 using 3D CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02910.pdf)
>  Medical image classification and segmentation based on deep learning (DL) are emergency research topics for diagnosing variant viruses of the current COVID-19 situation. In COVID-19 computed tomography (CT) images of the lungs, ground glass turbidity is the most common finding that requires specialist diagnosis. Based on this situation, some researchers propose the relevant DL models which can replace professional diagnostic specialists in clinics when lacking expertise. However, although DL methods have a stunning performance in medical image processing, the limited datasets can be a challenge in developing the accuracy of diagnosis at the human level. In addition, deep learning algorithms face the challenge of classifying and segmenting medical images in three or even multiple dimensions and maintaining high accuracy rates. Consequently, with a guaranteed high level of accuracy, our model can classify the patients' CT images into three types: Normal, Pneumonia and COVID. Subsequently, two datasets are used for segmentation, one of the datasets even has only a limited amount of data (20 cases). Our system combined the classification model and the segmentation model together, a fully integrated diagnostic model was built on the basis of ResNet50 and 3D U-Net algorithm. By feeding with different datasets, the COVID image segmentation of the infected area will be carried out according to classification results. Our model achieves 94.52% accuracy in the classification of lung lesions by 3 types: COVID, Pneumonia and Normal. For future medical use, embedding the model into the medical facilities might be an efficient way of assisting or substituting doctors with diagnoses, therefore, a broader range of the problem of variant viruses in the COVID-19 situation may also be successfully solved.      
### 52.Automatic Segmentation of the Placenta in BOLD MRI Time Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02895.pdf)
>  Blood oxygen level dependent (BOLD) MRI with maternal hyperoxia can assess oxygen transport within the placenta and has emerged as a promising tool to study placental function. Measuring signal changes over time requires segmenting the placenta in each volume of the time series. Due to the large number of volumes in the BOLD time series, existing studies rely on registration to map all volumes to a manually segmented template. As the placenta can undergo large deformation due to fetal motion, maternal motion, and contractions, this approach often results in a large number of discarded volumes, where the registration approach fails. In this work, we propose a machine learning model based on a U-Net neural network architecture to automatically segment the placenta in BOLD MRI and apply it to segmenting each volume in a time series. We use a boundary-weighted loss function to accurately capture the placental shape. Our model is trained and tested on a cohort of 91 subjects containing healthy fetuses, fetuses with fetal growth restriction, and mothers with high BMI. We achieve a Dice score of 0.83+/-0.04 when matching with ground truth labels and our model performs reliably in segmenting volumes in both normoxic and hyperoxic points in the BOLD time series. Our code and trained model are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mabulnaga/automatic-placenta-segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.Improving Fuzzy-Logic based Map-Matching Method with Trajectory Stay-Point Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02881.pdf)
>  The requirement to trace and process moving objects in the contemporary era gradually increases since numerous applications quickly demand precise moving object locations. The Map-matching method is employed as a preprocessing technique, which matches a moving object point on a corresponding road. However, most of the GPS trajectory datasets include stay-points irregularity, which makes map-matching algorithms mismatch trajectories to irrelevant streets. Therefore, determining the stay-point region in GPS trajectory datasets results in better accurate matching and more rapid approaches. In this work, we cluster stay-points in a trajectory dataset with DBSCAN and eliminate redundant data to improve the efficiency of the map-matching algorithm by lowering processing time. We reckoned our proposed method's performance and exactness with a ground truth dataset compared to a fuzzy-logic based map-matching algorithm. Fortunately, our approach yields 27.39% data size reduction and 8.9% processing time reduction with the same accurate results as the previous fuzzy-logic based map-matching approach.      
### 54.MOVE: Effective and Harmless Ownership Verification via Embedded External Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02820.pdf)
>  Currently, deep neural networks (DNNs) are widely adopted in different applications. Despite its commercial values, training a well-performed DNN is resource-consuming. Accordingly, the well-trained model is valuable intellectual property for its owner. However, recent studies revealed the threats of model stealing, where the adversaries can obtain a function-similar copy of the victim model, even when they can only query the model. In this paper, we propose an effective and harmless model ownership verification (MOVE) to defend against different types of model stealing simultaneously, without introducing new security risks. In general, we conduct the ownership verification by verifying whether a suspicious model contains the knowledge of defender-specified external features. Specifically, we embed the external features by tempering a few training samples with style transfer. We then train a meta-classifier to determine whether a model is stolen from the victim. This approach is inspired by the understanding that the stolen models should contain the knowledge of features learned by the victim model. In particular, we develop our MOVE method under both white-box and black-box settings to provide comprehensive model protection. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets verify the effectiveness of our method and its resistance to potential adaptive attacks. The codes for reproducing the main experiments of our method are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/THUYimingLi/MOVE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
