# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 31 Aug 2022
### 1.Self-Supervised Pyramid Representation Learning for Multi-Label Visual Analysis and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14439.pdf)
>  While self-supervised learning has been shown to benefit a number of vision tasks, existing techniques mainly focus on image-level manipulation, which may not generalize well to downstream tasks at patch or pixel levels. Moreover, existing SSL methods might not sufficiently describe and associate the above representations within and across image scales. In this paper, we propose a Self-Supervised Pyramid Representation Learning (SS-PRL) framework. The proposed SS-PRL is designed to derive pyramid representations at patch levels via learning proper prototypes, with additional learners to observe and relate inherent semantic information within an image. In particular, we present a cross-scale patch-level correlation learning in SS-PRL, which allows the model to aggregate and associate information learned across patch scales. We show that, with our proposed SS-PRL for model pre-training, one can easily adapt and fine-tune the models for a variety of applications including multi-label classification, object detection, and instance segmentation.      
### 2.MapTR: Structured Modeling and Learning for Online Vectorized HD Map Construction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14437.pdf)
>  We present MapTR, a structured end-to-end framework for efficient online vectorized HD map construction. We propose a unified permutation-based modeling approach, i.e., modeling map element as a point set with a group of equivalent permutations, which avoids the definition ambiguity of map element and eases learning. We adopt a hierarchical query embedding scheme to flexibly encode structured map information and perform hierarchical bipartite matching for map element learning. MapTR achieves the best performance and efficiency among existing vectorized map construction approaches on nuScenes dataset. In particular, MapTR-nano runs at real-time inference speed ($25.1$ FPS) on RTX 3090, $8\times$ faster than the existing state-of-the-art camera-based method while achieving $3.3$ higher mAP. MapTR-tiny significantly outperforms the existing state-of-the-art multi-modality method by $13.5$ mAP while being faster. Qualitative results show that MapTR maintains stable and robust map construction quality in complex and various driving scenes. Abundant demos are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hustvl/MapTR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} to prove the effectiveness in real-world scenarios. MapTR is of great application value in autonomous driving. Code will be released for facilitating further research and application.      
### 3.A Portable Multiscopic Camera for Novel View and Time Synthesis in Dynamic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14433.pdf)
>  We present a portable multiscopic camera system with a dedicated model for novel view and time synthesis in dynamic scenes. Our goal is to render high-quality images for a dynamic scene from any viewpoint at any time using our portable multiscopic camera. To achieve such novel view and time synthesis, we develop a physical multiscopic camera equipped with five cameras to train a neural radiance field (NeRF) in both time and spatial domains for dynamic scenes. Our model maps a 6D coordinate (3D spatial position, 1D temporal coordinate, and 2D viewing direction) to view-dependent and time-varying emitted radiance and volume density. Volume rendering is applied to render a photo-realistic image at a specified camera pose and time. To improve the robustness of our physical camera, we propose a camera parameter optimization module and a temporal frame interpolation module to promote information propagation across time. We conduct experiments on both real-world and synthetic datasets to evaluate our system, and the results show that our approach outperforms alternative solutions qualitatively and quantitatively. Our code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://yuenfuilau.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Machine learning in the prediction of cardiac epicardial and mediastinal fat volumes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14374.pdf)
>  We propose a methodology to predict the cardiac epicardial and mediastinal fat volumes in computed tomography images using regression algorithms. The obtained results indicate that it is feasible to predict these fats with a high degree of correlation, thus alleviating the requirement for manual or automatic segmentation of both fat volumes. Instead, segmenting just one of them suffices, while the volume of the other may be predicted fairly precisely. The correlation coefficient obtained by the Rotation Forest algorithm using MLP Regressor for predicting the mediastinal fat based on the epicardial fat was 0.9876, with a relative absolute error of 14.4% and a root relative squared error of 15.7%. The best correlation coefficient obtained in the prediction of the epicardial fat based on the mediastinal was 0.9683 with a relative absolute error of 19.6% and a relative squared error of 24.9%. Moreover, we analysed the feasibility of using linear regressors, which provide an intuitive interpretation of the underlying approximations. In this case, the obtained correlation coefficient was 0.9534 for predicting the mediastinal fat based on the epicardial, with a relative absolute error of 31.6% and a root relative squared error of 30.1%. On the prediction of the epicardial fat based on the mediastinal fat, the correlation coefficient was 0.8531, with a relative absolute error of 50.43% and a root relative squared error of 52.06%. In summary, it is possible to speed up general medical analyses and some segmentation and quantification methods that are currently employed in the state-of-the-art by using this prediction approach, which consequently reduces costs and therefore enables preventive treatments that may lead to a reduction of health problems.      
### 5.SIGNet: Intrinsic Image Decomposition by a Semantic and Invariant Gradient Driven Network for Indoor Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14369.pdf)
>  Intrinsic image decomposition (IID) is an under-constrained problem. Therefore, traditional approaches use hand crafted priors to constrain the problem. However, these constraints are limited when coping with complex scenes. Deep learning-based approaches learn these constraints implicitly through the data, but they often suffer from dataset biases (due to not being able to include all possible imaging conditions). <br>In this paper, a combination of the two is proposed. Component specific priors like semantics and invariant features are exploited to obtain semantically and physically plausible reflectance transitions. These transitions are used to steer a progressive CNN with implicit homogeneity constraints to decompose reflectance and shading maps. <br>An ablation study is conducted showing that the use of the proposed priors and progressive CNN increase the IID performance. State of the art performance on both our proposed dataset and the standard real-world IIW dataset shows the effectiveness of the proposed method. Code is made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Morpheus3000/SIGNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 6.Image-Specific Information Suppression and Implicit Local Alignment for Text-based Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14365.pdf)
>  Text-based person search is a challenging task that aims to search pedestrian images with the same identity from the image gallery given a query text description. In recent years, text-based person search has made good progress, and state-of-the-art methods achieve superior performance by learning local fine-grained correspondence between images and texts. However, the existing methods explicitly extract image parts and text phrases from images and texts by hand-crafted split or external tools and then conduct complex cross-modal local matching. Moreover, the existing methods seldom consider the problem of information inequality between modalities caused by image-specific information. In this paper, we propose an efficient joint Information and Semantic Alignment Network (ISANet) for text-based person search. Specifically, we first design an image-specific information suppression module, which suppresses image background and environmental factors by relation-guide localization and channel attention filtration respectively. This design can effectively alleviate the problem of information inequality and realize the information alignment between images and texts. Secondly, we propose an implicit local alignment module to adaptively aggregate image and text features to a set of modality-shared semantic topic centers, and implicitly learn the local fine-grained correspondence between images and texts without additional supervision information and complex cross-modal interactions. Moreover, a global alignment is introduced as a supplement to the local perspective. Extensive experiments on multiple databases demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed ISANet.      
### 7.Compound Figure Separation of Biomedical Images: Mining Large Datasets for Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14357.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of self-supervised learning (e.g., contrastive learning), the importance of having large-scale images (even without annotations) for training a more generalizable AI model has been widely recognized in medical image analysis. However, collecting large-scale task-specific unannotated data at scale can be challenging for individual labs. Existing online resources, such as digital books, publications, and search engines, provide a new resource for obtaining large-scale images. However, published images in healthcare (e.g., radiology and pathology) consist of a considerable amount of compound figures with subplots. In order to extract and separate compound figures into usable individual images for downstream learning, we propose a simple compound figure separation (SimCFS) framework without using the traditionally required detection bounding box annotations, with a new loss function and a hard case simulation. Our technical contribution is four-fold: (1) we introduce a simulation-based training framework that minimizes the need for resource extensive bounding box annotations; (2) we propose a new side loss that is optimized for compound figure separation; (3) we propose an intra-class image augmentation method to simulate hard cases; and (4) to the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that evaluates the efficacy of leveraging self-supervised learning with compound image separation. From the results, the proposed SimCFS achieved state-of-the-art performance on the ImageCLEF 2016 Compound Figure Separation Database. The pretrained self-supervised learning model using large-scale mined figures improved the accuracy of downstream image classification tasks with a contrastive learning algorithm. The source code of SimCFS is made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hrlblab/ImageSeperation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.GaitFi: Robust Device-Free Human Identification via WiFi and Vision Multimodal Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14326.pdf)
>  As an important biomarker for human identification, human gait can be collected at a distance by passive sensors without subject cooperation, which plays an essential role in crime prevention, security detection and other human identification applications. At present, most research works are based on cameras and computer vision techniques to perform gait recognition. However, vision-based methods are not reliable when confronting poor illuminations, leading to degrading performances. In this paper, we propose a novel multimodal gait recognition method, namely GaitFi, which leverages WiFi signals and videos for human identification. In GaitFi, Channel State Information (CSI) that reflects the multi-path propagation of WiFi is collected to capture human gaits, while videos are captured by cameras. To learn robust gait information, we propose a Lightweight Residual Convolution Network (LRCN) as the backbone network, and further propose the two-stream GaitFi by integrating WiFi and vision features for the gait retrieval task. The GaitFi is trained by the triplet loss and classification loss on different levels of features. Extensive experiments are conducted in the real world, which demonstrates that the GaitFi outperforms state-of-the-art gait recognition methods based on single WiFi or camera, achieving 94.2% for human identification tasks of 12 subjects.      
### 9.A Black-Box Attack on Optical Character Recognition Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14302.pdf)
>  Adversarial machine learning is an emerging area showing the vulnerability of deep learning models. Exploring attack methods to challenge state of the art artificial intelligence (A.I.) models is an area of critical concern. The reliability and robustness of such A.I. models are one of the major concerns with an increasing number of effective adversarial attack methods. Classification tasks are a major vulnerable area for adversarial attacks. The majority of attack strategies are developed for colored or gray-scaled images. Consequently, adversarial attacks on binary image recognition systems have not been sufficiently studied. Binary images are simple two possible pixel-valued signals with a single channel. The simplicity of binary images has a significant advantage compared to colored and gray scaled images, namely computation efficiency. Moreover, most optical character recognition systems (O.C.R.s), such as handwritten character recognition, plate number identification, and bank check recognition systems, use binary images or binarization in their processing steps. In this paper, we propose a simple yet efficient attack method, Efficient Combinatorial Black-box Adversarial Attack, on binary image classifiers. We validate the efficiency of the attack technique on two different data sets and three classification networks, demonstrating its performance. Furthermore, we compare our proposed method with state-of-the-art methods regarding advantages and disadvantages as well as applicability.      
### 10.PanorAMS: Automatic Annotation for Detecting Objects in Urban Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14295.pdf)
>  Large collections of geo-referenced panoramic images are freely available for cities across the globe, as well as detailed maps with location and meta-data on a great variety of urban objects. They provide a potentially rich source of information on urban objects, but manual annotation for object detection is costly, laborious and difficult. Can we utilize such multimedia sources to automatically annotate street level images as an inexpensive alternative to manual labeling? With the PanorAMS framework we introduce a method to automatically generate bounding box annotations for panoramic images based on urban context information. Following this method, we acquire large-scale, albeit noisy, annotations for an urban dataset solely from open data sources in a fast and automatic manner. The dataset covers the City of Amsterdam and includes over 14 million noisy bounding box annotations of 22 object categories present in 771,299 panoramic images. For many objects further fine-grained information is available, obtained from geospatial meta-data, such as building value, function and average surface area. Such information would have been difficult, if not impossible, to acquire via manual labeling based on the image alone. For detailed evaluation, we introduce an efficient crowdsourcing protocol for bounding box annotations in panoramic images, which we deploy to acquire 147,075 ground-truth object annotations for a subset of 7,348 images, the PanorAMS-clean dataset. For our PanorAMS-noisy dataset, we provide an extensive analysis of the noise and how different types of noise affect image classification and object detection performance. We make both datasets, PanorAMS-noisy and PanorAMS-clean, benchmarks and tools presented in this paper openly available.      
### 11.Coarse Retinal Lesion Annotations Refinement via Prototypical Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14294.pdf)
>  Deep-learning-based approaches for retinal lesion segmentation often require an abundant amount of precise pixel-wise annotated data. However, coarse annotations such as circles or ellipses for outlining the lesion area can be six times more efficient than pixel-level annotation. Therefore, this paper proposes an annotation refinement network to convert a coarse annotation into a pixel-level segmentation mask. Our main novelty is the application of the prototype learning paradigm to enhance the generalization ability across different datasets or types of lesions. We also introduce a prototype weighing module to handle challenging cases where the lesion is overly small. The proposed method was trained on the publicly available IDRiD dataset and then generalized to the public DDR and our real-world private datasets. Experiments show that our approach substantially improved the initial coarse mask and outperformed the non-prototypical baseline by a large margin. Moreover, we demonstrate the usefulness of the prototype weighing module in both cross-dataset and cross-class settings.      
### 12.Learning 6D Pose Estimation from Synthetic RGBD Images for Robotic Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14288.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a data generation pipeline by leveraging the 3D suite Blender to produce synthetic RGBD image datasets with 6D poses for robotic picking. The proposed pipeline can efficiently generate large amounts of photo-realistic RGBD images for the object of interest. In addition, a collection of domain randomization techniques is introduced to bridge the gap between real and synthetic data. Furthermore, we develop a real-time two-stage 6D pose estimation approach by integrating the object detector YOLO-V4-tiny and the 6D pose estimation algorithm PVN3D for time sensitive robotics applications. With the proposed data generation pipeline, our pose estimation approach can be trained from scratch using only synthetic data without any pre-trained models. The resulting network shows competitive performance compared to state-of-the-art methods when evaluated on LineMod dataset. We also demonstrate the proposed approach in a robotic experiment, grasping a household object from cluttered background under different lighting conditions.      
### 13.Controllable 3D Generative Adversarial Face Model via Disentangling Shape and Appearance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14263.pdf)
>  3D face modeling has been an active area of research in computer vision and computer graphics, fueling applications ranging from facial expression transfer in virtual avatars to synthetic data generation. Existing 3D deep learning generative models (e.g., VAE, GANs) allow generating compact face representations (both shape and texture) that can model non-linearities in the shape and appearance space (e.g., scatter effects, specularities, etc.). However, they lack the capability to control the generation of subtle expressions. This paper proposes a new 3D face generative model that can decouple identity and expression and provides granular control over expressions. In particular, we propose using a pair of supervised auto-encoder and generative adversarial networks to produce high-quality 3D faces, both in terms of appearance and shape. Experimental results in the generation of 3D faces learned with holistic expression labels, or Action Unit labels, show how we can decouple identity and expression; gaining fine-control over expressions while preserving identity.      
### 14.Boosting Night-time Scene Parsing with Learnable Frequency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14241.pdf)
>  Night-Time Scene Parsing (NTSP) is essential to many vision applications, especially for autonomous driving. Most of the existing methods are proposed for day-time scene parsing. They rely on modeling pixel intensity-based spatial contextual cues under even illumination. Hence, these methods do not perform well in night-time scenes as such spatial contextual cues are buried in the over-/under-exposed regions in night-time scenes. In this paper, we first conduct an image frequency-based statistical experiment to interpret the day-time and night-time scene discrepancies. We find that image frequency distributions differ significantly between day-time and night-time scenes, and understanding such frequency distributions is critical to NTSP problem. Based on this, we propose to exploit the image frequency distributions for night-time scene parsing. First, we propose a Learnable Frequency Encoder (LFE) to model the relationship between different frequency coefficients to measure all frequency components dynamically. Second, we propose a Spatial Frequency Fusion module (SFF) that fuses both spatial and frequency information to guide the extraction of spatial context features. Extensive experiments show that our method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods on the NightCity, NightCity+ and BDD100K-night datasets. In addition, we demonstrate that our method can be applied to existing day-time scene parsing methods and boost their performance on night-time scenes.      
### 15.CLUDA : Contrastive Learning in Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14227.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose CLUDA, a simple, yet novel method for performing unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) for semantic segmentation by incorporating contrastive losses into a student-teacher learning paradigm, that makes use of pseudo-labels generated from the target domain by the teacher network. More specifically, we extract a multi-level fused-feature map from the encoder, and apply contrastive loss across different classes and different domains, via source-target mixing of images. We consistently improve performance on various feature encoder architectures and for different domain adaptation datasets in semantic segmentation. Furthermore, we introduce a learned-weighted contrastive loss to improve upon on a state-of-the-art multi-resolution training approach in UDA. We produce state-of-the-art results on GTA $\rightarrow$ Cityscapes (74.4 mIOU, +0.6) and Synthia $\rightarrow$ Cityscapes (67.2 mIOU, +1.4) datasets. CLUDA effectively demonstrates contrastive learning in UDA as a generic method, which can be easily integrated into any existing UDA for semantic segmentation tasks. Please refer to the supplementary material for the details on implementation.      
### 16.A Circular Window-based Cascade Transformer for Online Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14209.pdf)
>  Online action detection aims at the accurate action prediction of the current frame based on long historical observations. Meanwhile, it demands real-time inference on online streaming videos. In this paper, we advocate a novel and efficient principle for online action detection. It merely updates the latest and oldest historical representations in one window but reuses the intermediate ones, which have been already computed. Based on this principle, we introduce a window-based cascade Transformer with a circular historical queue, where it conducts multi-stage attentions and cascade refinement on each window. We also explore the association between online action detection and its counterpart offline action segmentation as an auxiliary task. We find that such an extra supervision helps discriminative history clustering and acts as feature augmentation for better training the classifier and cascade refinement. Our proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performances on three challenging datasets THUMOS'14, TVSeries, and HDD. Codes will be available after acceptance.      
### 17.ASpanFormer: Detector-Free Image Matching with Adaptive Span Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14201.pdf)
>  Generating robust and reliable correspondences across images is a fundamental task for a diversity of applications. To capture context at both global and local granularity, we propose ASpanFormer, a Transformer-based detector-free matcher that is built on hierarchical attention structure, adopting a novel attention operation which is capable of adjusting attention span in a self-adaptive manner. To achieve this goal, first, flow maps are regressed in each cross attention phase to locate the center of search region. Next, a sampling grid is generated around the center, whose size, instead of being empirically configured as fixed, is adaptively computed from a pixel uncertainty estimated along with the flow map. Finally, attention is computed across two images within derived regions, referred to as attention span. By these means, we are able to not only maintain long-range dependencies, but also enable fine-grained attention among pixels of high relevance that compensates essential locality and piece-wise smoothness in matching tasks. State-of-the-art accuracy on a wide range of evaluation benchmarks validates the strong matching capability of our method.      
### 18.Probing Contextual Diversity for Dense Out-of-Distribution Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14195.pdf)
>  Detection of out-of-distribution (OoD) samples in the context of image classification has recently become an area of interest and active study, along with the topic of uncertainty estimation, to which it is closely related. In this paper we explore the task of OoD segmentation, which has been studied less than its classification counterpart and presents additional challenges. Segmentation is a dense prediction task for which the model's outcome for each pixel depends on its surroundings. The receptive field and the reliance on context play a role for distinguishing different classes and, correspondingly, for spotting OoD entities. We introduce MOoSe, an efficient strategy to leverage the various levels of context represented within semantic segmentation models and show that even a simple aggregation of multi-scale representations has consistently positive effects on OoD detection and uncertainty estimation.      
### 19.Synthehicle: Multi-Vehicle Multi-Camera Tracking in Virtual Cities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14167.pdf)
>  Smart City applications such as intelligent traffic routing or accident prevention rely on computer vision methods for exact vehicle localization and tracking. Due to the scarcity of accurately labeled data, detecting and tracking vehicles in 3D from multiple cameras proves challenging to explore. We present a massive synthetic dataset for multiple vehicle tracking and segmentation in multiple overlapping and non-overlapping camera views. Unlike existing datasets, which only provide tracking ground truth for 2D bounding boxes, our dataset additionally contains perfect labels for 3D bounding boxes in camera- and world coordinates, depth estimation, and instance, semantic and panoptic segmentation. The dataset consists of 17 hours of labeled video material, recorded from 340 cameras in 64 diverse day, rain, dawn, and night scenes, making it the most extensive dataset for multi-target multi-camera tracking so far. We provide baselines for detection, vehicle re-identification, and single- and multi-camera tracking. Code and data are publicly available.      
### 20.MODNet: Multi-offset Point Cloud Denoising Network Customized for Multi-scale Patches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14160.pdf)
>  The intricacy of 3D surfaces often results cutting-edge point cloud denoising (PCD) models in surface degradation including remnant noise, wrongly-removed geometric details. Although using multi-scale patches to encode the geometry of a point has become the common wisdom in PCD, we find that simple aggregation of extracted multi-scale features can not adaptively utilize the appropriate scale information according to the geometric information around noisy points. It leads to surface degradation, especially for points close to edges and points on complex curved surfaces. We raise an intriguing question -- if employing multi-scale geometric perception information to guide the network to utilize multi-scale information, can eliminate the severe surface degradation problem? To answer it, we propose a Multi-offset Denoising Network (MODNet) customized for multi-scale patches. First, we extract the low-level feature of three scales patches by patch feature encoders. Second, a multi-scale perception module is designed to embed multi-scale geometric information for each scale feature and regress multi-scale weights to guide a multi-offset denoising displacement. Third, a multi-offset decoder regresses three scale offsets, which are guided by the multi-scale weights to predict the final displacement by weighting them adaptively. Experiments demonstrate that our method achieves new state-of-the-art performance on both synthetic and real-scanned datasets.      
### 21.FAKD: Feature Augmented Knowledge Distillation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14143.pdf)
>  In this work, we explore data augmentations for knowledge distillation on semantic segmentation. To avoid over-fitting to the noise in the teacher network, a large number of training examples is essential for knowledge distillation. Imagelevel argumentation techniques like flipping, translation or rotation are widely used in previous knowledge distillation framework. Inspired by the recent progress on semantic directions on feature-space, we propose to include augmentations in feature space for efficient distillation. Specifically, given a semantic direction, an infinite number of augmentations can be obtained for the student in the feature space. Furthermore, the analysis shows that those augmentations can be optimized simultaneously by minimizing an upper bound for the losses defined by augmentations. Based on the observation, a new algorithm is developed for knowledge distillation in semantic segmentation. Extensive experiments on four semantic segmentation benchmarks demonstrate that the proposed method can boost the performance of current knowledge distillation methods without any significant overhead. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jianlong-yuan/FAKD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.A Diffusion Model Predicts 3D Shapes from 2D Microscopy Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14125.pdf)
>  Diffusion models are a class of generative models, showing superior performance as compared to other generative models in creating realistic images when trained on natural image datasets. We introduce DISPR, a diffusion-based model for solving the inverse problem of three-dimensional (3D) cell shape prediction from two-dimensional (2D) single cell microscopy images. Using the 2D microscopy image as a prior, DISPR is conditioned to predict realistic 3D shape reconstructions. To showcase the applicability of DISPR as a data augmentation tool in a feature-based single cell classification task, we extract morphological features from the cells grouped into six highly imbalanced classes. Adding features from predictions of DISPR to the three minority classes improved the macro F1 score from $F1_\text{macro} = 55.2 \pm 4.6\%$ to $F1_\text{macro} = 72.2 \pm 4.9\%$. With our method being the first to employ a diffusion-based model in this context, we demonstrate that diffusion models can be applied to inverse problems in 3D, and that they learn to reconstruct 3D shapes with realistic morphological features from 2D microscopy images.      
### 23.Robust Sound-Guided Image Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14114.pdf)
>  Recent successes suggest that an image can be manipulated by a text prompt, e.g., a landscape scene on a sunny day is manipulated into the same scene on a rainy day driven by a text input "raining". These approaches often utilize a StyleCLIP-based image generator, which leverages multi-modal (text and image) embedding space. However, we observe that such text inputs are often bottlenecked in providing and synthesizing rich semantic cues, e.g., differentiating heavy rain from rain with thunderstorms. To address this issue, we advocate leveraging an additional modality, sound, which has notable advantages in image manipulation as it can convey more diverse semantic cues (vivid emotions or dynamic expressions of the natural world) than texts. In this paper, we propose a novel approach that first extends the image-text joint embedding space with sound and applies a direct latent optimization method to manipulate a given image based on audio input, e.g., the sound of rain. Our extensive experiments show that our sound-guided image manipulation approach produces semantically and visually more plausible manipulation results than the state-of-the-art text and sound-guided image manipulation methods, which are further confirmed by our human evaluations. Our downstream task evaluations also show that our learned image-text-sound joint embedding space effectively encodes sound inputs.      
### 24.SSORN: Self-Supervised Outlier Removal Network for Robust Homography Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14093.pdf)
>  The traditional homography estimation pipeline consists of four main steps: feature detection, feature matching, outlier removal and transformation estimation. Recent deep learning models intend to address the homography estimation problem using a single convolutional network. While these models are trained in an end-to-end fashion to simplify the homography estimation problem, they lack the feature matching step and/or the outlier removal step, which are important steps in the traditional homography estimation pipeline. In this paper, we attempt to build a deep learning model that mimics all four steps in the traditional homography estimation pipeline. In particular, the feature matching step is implemented using the cost volume technique. To remove outliers in the cost volume, we treat this outlier removal problem as a denoising problem and propose a novel self-supervised loss to solve the problem. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real datasets demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms existing deep learning models.      
### 25.Treating Point Cloud as Moving Camera Videos: A No-Reference Quality Assessment Metric  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14085.pdf)
>  Point cloud is one of the most widely used digital representation formats for 3D contents, the visual quality of which may suffer from noise and geometric shift during the production procedure as well as compression and downsampling during the transmission process. To tackle the challenge of point cloud quality assessment (PCQA), many PCQA methods have been proposed to evaluate the visual quality levels of point clouds by assessing the rendered static 2D projections. Although such projection-based PCQA methods achieve competitive performance with the assistance of mature image quality assessment (IQA) methods, they neglect the dynamic quality-aware information, which does not fully match the fact that observers tend to perceive the point clouds through both static and dynamic views. Therefore, in this paper, we treat the point clouds as moving camera videos and explore the way of dealing with PCQA tasks via using video quality assessment (VQA) methods in a no-reference (NR) manner. First, we generate the captured videos by rotating the camera around the point clouds through four circular pathways. Then we extract both spatial and temporal quality-aware features from the selected key frames and the video clips by using trainable 2D-CNN and pre-trained 3D-CNN models respectively. Finally, the visual quality of point clouds is represented by the regressed video quality values. The experimental results reveal that the proposed method is effective for predicting the visual quality levels of the point clouds and even competitive with full-reference (FR) PCQA methods. The ablation studies further verify the rationality of the proposed framework and confirm the contributions made by the quality-aware features extracted from dynamic views.      
### 26.Deep Open-Set Recognition for Silicon Wafer Production Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14071.pdf)
>  The chips contained in any electronic device are manufactured over circular silicon wafers, which are monitored by inspection machines at different production stages. Inspection machines detect and locate any defect within the wafer and return a Wafer Defect Map (WDM), i.e., a list of the coordinates where defects lie, which can be considered a huge, sparse, and binary image. In normal conditions, wafers exhibit a small number of randomly distributed defects, while defects grouped in specific patterns might indicate known or novel categories of failures in the production line. Needless to say, a primary concern of semiconductor industries is to identify these patterns and intervene as soon as possible to restore normal production conditions. <br>Here we address WDM monitoring as an open-set recognition problem to accurately classify WDM in known categories and promptly detect novel patterns. In particular, we propose a comprehensive pipeline for wafer monitoring based on a Submanifold Sparse Convolutional Network, a deep architecture designed to process sparse data at an arbitrary resolution, which is trained on the known classes. To detect novelties, we define an outlier detector based on a Gaussian Mixture Model fitted on the latent representation of the classifier. Our experiments on a real dataset of WDMs show that directly processing full-resolution WDMs by Submanifold Sparse Convolutions yields superior classification performance on known classes than traditional Convolutional Neural Networks, which require a preliminary binning to reduce the size of the binary images representing WDMs. Moreover, our solution outperforms state-of-the-art open-set recognition solutions in detecting novelties.      
### 27.Weakly Supervised Faster-RCNN+FPN to classify animals in camera trap images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14060.pdf)
>  Camera traps have revolutionized the animal research of many species that were previously nearly impossible to observe due to their habitat or behavior. They are cameras generally fixed to a tree that take a short sequence of images when triggered. Deep learning has the potential to overcome the workload to automate image classification according to taxon or empty images. However, a standard deep neural network classifier fails because animals often represent a small portion of the high-definition images. That is why we propose a workflow named Weakly Object Detection Faster-RCNN+FPN which suits this challenge. The model is weakly supervised because it requires only the animal taxon label per image but doesn't require any manual bounding box annotations. First, it automatically performs the weakly-supervised bounding box annotation using the motion from multiple frames. Then, it trains a Faster-RCNN+FPN model using this weak supervision. Experimental results have been obtained with two datasets from a Papua New Guinea and Missouri biodiversity monitoring campaign, then on an easily reproducible testbed.      
### 28.Deep Autoencoders for Anomaly Detection in Textured Images using CW-SSIM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14045.pdf)
>  Detecting anomalous regions in images is a frequently encountered problem in industrial monitoring. A relevant example is the analysis of tissues and other products that in normal conditions conform to a specific texture, while defects introduce changes in the normal pattern. We address the anomaly detection problem by training a deep autoencoder, and we show that adopting a loss function based on Complex Wavelet Structural Similarity (CW-SSIM) yields superior detection performance on this type of images compared to traditional autoencoder loss functions. Our experiments on well-known anomaly detection benchmarks show that a simple model trained with this loss function can achieve comparable or superior performance to state-of-the-art methods leveraging deeper, larger and more computationally demanding neural networks.      
### 29.CAIR: Fast and Lightweight Multi-Scale Color Attention Network for Instagram Filter Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14039.pdf)
>  Image restoration is an important and challenging task in computer vision. Reverting a filtered image to its original image is helpful in various computer vision tasks. We employ a nonlinear activation function free network (NAFNet) for a fast and lightweight model and add a color attention module that extracts useful color information for better accuracy. We propose an accurate, fast, lightweight network with multi-scale and color attention for Instagram filter removal (CAIR). Experiment results show that the proposed CAIR outperforms existing Instagram filter removal networks in fast and lightweight ways, about 11$\times$ faster and 2.4$\times$ lighter while exceeding 3.69 dB PSNR on IFFI dataset. CAIR can successfully remove the Instagram filter with high quality and restore color information in qualitative results. The source code and pretrained weights are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HnV-Lab/CAIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 30.Spacecraft depth completion based on the gray image and the sparse depth map  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14030.pdf)
>  Perceiving the three-dimensional (3D) structure of the spacecraft is a prerequisite for successfully executing many on-orbit space missions, and it can provide critical input for many downstream vision algorithms. In this paper, we propose to sense the 3D structure of spacecraft using light detection and ranging sensor (LIDAR) and a monocular camera. To this end, Spacecraft Depth Completion Network (SDCNet) is proposed to recover the dense depth map based on gray image and sparse depth map. Specifically, SDCNet decomposes the object-level spacecraft depth completion task into foreground segmentation subtask and foreground depth completion subtask, which segments the spacecraft region first and then performs depth completion on the segmented foreground area. In this way, the background interference to foreground spacecraft depth completion is effectively avoided. Moreover, an attention-based feature fusion module is also proposed to aggregate the complementary information between different inputs, which deduces the correlation between different features along the channel and the spatial dimension sequentially. Besides, four metrics are also proposed to evaluate object-level depth completion performance, which can more intuitively reflect the quality of spacecraft depth completion results. Finally, a large-scale satellite depth completion dataset is constructed for training and testing spacecraft depth completion algorithms. Empirical experiments on the dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed SDCNet, which achieves 0.25m mean absolute error of interest and 0.759m mean absolute truncation error, surpassing state-of-the-art methods by a large margin. The spacecraft pose estimation experiment is also conducted based on the depth completion results, and the experimental results indicate that the predicted dense depth map could meet the needs of downstream vision tasks.      
### 31.SoMoFormer: Multi-Person Pose Forecasting with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14023.pdf)
>  Human pose forecasting is a challenging problem involving complex human body motion and posture dynamics. In cases that there are multiple people in the environment, one's motion may also be influenced by the motion and dynamic movements of others. Although there are several previous works targeting the problem of multi-person dynamic pose forecasting, they often model the entire pose sequence as time series (ignoring the underlying relationship between joints) or only output the future pose sequence of one person at a time. In this paper, we present a new method, called Social Motion Transformer (SoMoFormer), for multi-person 3D pose forecasting. Our transformer architecture uniquely models human motion input as a joint sequence rather than a time sequence, allowing us to perform attention over joints while predicting an entire future motion sequence for each joint in parallel. We show that with this problem reformulation, SoMoFormer naturally extends to multi-person scenes by using the joints of all people in a scene as input queries. Using learned embeddings to denote the type of joint, person identity, and global position, our model learns the relationships between joints and between people, attending more strongly to joints from the same or nearby people. SoMoFormer outperforms state-of-the-art methods for long-term motion prediction on the SoMoF benchmark as well as the CMU-Mocap and MuPoTS-3D datasets. Code will be made available after publication.      
### 32.Uncertainty-Induced Transferability Representation for Source-Free Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13986.pdf)
>  Source-free unsupervised domain adaptation (SFUDA) aims to learn a target domain model using unlabeled target data and the knowledge of a well-trained source domain model. Most previous SFUDA works focus on inferring semantics of target data based on the source knowledge. Without measuring the transferability of the source knowledge, these methods insufficiently exploit the source knowledge, and fail to identify the reliability of the inferred target semantics. However, existing transferability measurements require either source data or target labels, which are infeasible in SFUDA. To this end, firstly, we propose a novel Uncertainty-induced Transferability Representation (UTR), which leverages uncertainty as the tool to analyse the channel-wise transferability of the source encoder in the absence of the source data and target labels. The domain-level UTR unravels how transferable the encoder channels are to the target domain and the instance-level UTR characterizes the reliability of the inferred target semantics. Secondly, based on the UTR, we propose a novel Calibrated Adaption Framework (CAF) for SFUDA, including i)the source knowledge calibration module that guides the target model to learn the transferable source knowledge and discard the non-transferable one, and ii)the target semantics calibration module that calibrates the unreliable semantics. With the help of the calibrated source knowledge and the target semantics, the model adapts to the target domain safely and ultimately better. We verified the effectiveness of our method using experimental results and demonstrated that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performances on the three SFUDA benchmarks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SPIresearch/UTR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.MRL: Learning to Mix with Attention and Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13975.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a new neural architectural block for the vision domain, named Mixing Regionally and Locally (MRL), developed with the aim of effectively and efficiently mixing the provided input features. We bifurcate the input feature mixing task as mixing at a regional and local scale. To achieve an efficient mix, we exploit the domain-wide receptive field provided by self-attention for regional-scale mixing and convolutional kernels restricted to local scale for local-scale mixing. More specifically, our proposed method mixes regional features associated with local features within a defined region, followed by a local-scale features mix augmented by regional features. Experiments show that this hybridization of self-attention and convolution brings improved capacity, generalization (right inductive bias), and efficiency. Under similar network settings, MRL outperforms or is at par with its counterparts in classification, object detection, and segmentation tasks. We also show that our MRL-based network architecture achieves state-of-the-art performance for H&amp;E histology datasets. We achieved DICE of 0.843, 0.855, and 0.892 for Kumar, CoNSep, and CPM-17 datasets, respectively, while highlighting the versatility offered by the MRL framework by incorporating layers like group convolutions to improve dataset-specific generalization.      
### 34.Video-based Cross-modal Auxiliary Network for Multimodal Sentiment Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13954.pdf)
>  Multimodal sentiment analysis has a wide range of applications due to its information complementarity in multimodal interactions. Previous works focus more on investigating efficient joint representations, but they rarely consider the insufficient unimodal features extraction and data redundancy of multimodal fusion. In this paper, a Video-based Cross-modal Auxiliary Network (VCAN) is proposed, which is comprised of an audio features map module and a cross-modal selection module. The first module is designed to substantially increase feature diversity in audio feature extraction, aiming to improve classification accuracy by providing more comprehensive acoustic representations. To empower the model to handle redundant visual features, the second module is addressed to efficiently filter the redundant visual frames during integrating audiovisual data. Moreover, a classifier group consisting of several image classification networks is introduced to predict sentiment polarities and emotion categories. Extensive experimental results on RAVDESS, CMU-MOSI, and CMU-MOSEI benchmarks indicate that VCAN is significantly superior to the state-of-the-art methods for improving the classification accuracy of multimodal sentiment analysis.      
### 35.PercentMatch: Percentile-based Dynamic Thresholding for Multi-Label Semi-Supervised Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13946.pdf)
>  While much of recent study in semi-supervised learning (SSL) has achieved strong performance on single-label classification problems, an equally important yet underexplored problem is how to leverage the advantage of unlabeled data in multi-label classification tasks. To extend the success of SSL to multi-label classification, we first analyze with illustrative examples to get some intuition about the extra challenges exist in multi-label classification. Based on the analysis, we then propose PercentMatch, a percentile-based threshold adjusting scheme, to dynamically alter the score thresholds of positive and negative pseudo-labels for each class during the training, as well as dynamic unlabeled loss weights that further reduces noise from early-stage unlabeled predictions. Without loss of simplicity, we achieve strong performance on Pascal VOC2007 and MS-COCO datasets when compared to recent SSL methods.      
### 36.Prior-Aware Synthetic Data to the Rescue: Animal Pose Estimation with Very Limited Real Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13944.pdf)
>  Accurately annotated image datasets are essential components for studying animal behaviors from their poses. Compared to the number of species we know and may exist, the existing labeled pose datasets cover only a small portion of them, while building comprehensive large-scale datasets is prohibitively expensive. Here, we present a very data efficient strategy targeted for pose estimation in quadrupeds that requires only a small amount of real images from the target animal. It is confirmed that fine-tuning a backbone network with pretrained weights on generic image datasets such as ImageNet can mitigate the high demand for target animal pose data and shorten the training time by learning the the prior knowledge of object segmentation and keypoint estimation in advance. However, when faced with serious data scarcity (i.e., $&lt;10^2$ real images), the model performance stays unsatisfactory, particularly for limbs with considerable flexibility and several comparable parts. We therefore introduce a prior-aware synthetic animal data generation pipeline called PASyn to augment the animal pose data essential for robust pose estimation. PASyn generates a probabilistically-valid synthetic pose dataset, SynAP, through training a variational generative model on several animated 3D animal models. In addition, a style transfer strategy is utilized to blend the synthetic animal image into the real backgrounds. We evaluate the improvement made by our approach with three popular backbone networks and test their pose estimation accuracy on publicly available animal pose images as well as collected from real animals in a zoo.      
### 37.Noisy Inliers Make Great Outliers: Out-of-Distribution Object Detection with Noisy Synthetic Outliers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13930.pdf)
>  Many high-performing works on out-of-distribution (OOD) detection use real or synthetically generated outlier data to regularise model confidence; however, they often require retraining of the base network or specialised model architectures. Our work demonstrates that Noisy Inliers Make Great Outliers (NIMGO) in the challenging field of OOD object detection. We hypothesise that synthetic outliers need only be minimally perturbed variants of the in-distribution (ID) data in order to train a discriminator to identify OOD samples -- without expensive retraining of the base network. To test our hypothesis, we generate a synthetic outlier set by applying an additive-noise perturbation to ID samples at the image or bounding-box level. An auxiliary feature monitoring multilayer perceptron (MLP) is then trained to detect OOD feature representations using the perturbed ID samples as a proxy. During testing, we demonstrate that the auxiliary MLP distinguishes ID samples from OOD samples at a state-of-the-art level, reducing the false positive rate by more than 20\% (absolute) over the previous state-of-the-art on the OpenImages dataset. Extensive additional ablations provide empirical evidence in support of our hypothesis.      
### 38.Radial Prediction Domain Adaption Classifier for the MIDOG 2022 challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13902.pdf)
>  In this paper, we describe our contribution to the MIDOG 2022 challenge without using additional data. A challenge to handle the distribution shift between different tissues for detection of mitosis cells. The main characteristics parts can be distinguished into three parts: We modify the Radial Prediction Layer (RPL) to integrate the layer in a domain adaption classifier, the Prediction Domain Adaption Classifier (RP-DAC). This developed variant learns prototypes for each class and brings more related classes closer. We used this to learn the scanner, the tissue, and the case id. We used multiple trained YOLO models with different modified input variants of the image. We combine the outputs of the model with an ensembling strategy. We use the HED color space for data augmentation by calculating different magnitudes for each scanner/tissue type to create more variance in the training set.      
### 39.Perfusion assessment via local remote photoplethysmography (rPPG)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13840.pdf)
>  This paper presents an approach to assess the perfusion of visible human tissue from RGB video files. We propose metrics derived from remote photoplethysmography (rPPG) signals to detect whether a tissue is adequately supplied with blood. The perfusion analysis is done in three different scales, offering a flexible approach for different applications. We perform a plane-orthogonal-to-skin rPPG independently for locally defined regions of interest on each scale. From the extracted signals, we derive the signal-to-noise ratio, magnitude in the frequency domain, heart rate, perfusion index as well as correlation between specific rPPG signals in order to locally assess the perfusion of a specific region of human tissue. We show that locally resolved rPPG has a broad range of applications. As exemplary applications, we present results in intraoperative perfusion analysis and visualization during skin and organ transplantation as well as an application for liveliness assessment for the detection of presentation attacks to authentication systems.      
### 40.Synthetic Latent Fingerprint Generator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13811.pdf)
>  Given a full fingerprint image (rolled or slap), we present CycleGAN models to generate multiple latent impressions of the same identity as the full print. Our models can control the degree of distortion, noise, blurriness and occlusion in the generated latent print images to obtain Good, Bad and Ugly latent image categories as introduced in the NIST SD27 latent database. The contributions of our work are twofold: (i) demonstrate the similarity of synthetically generated latent fingerprint images to crime scene latents in NIST SD27 and MSP databases as evaluated by the NIST NFIQ 2 quality measure and ROC curves obtained by a SOTA fingerprint matcher, and (ii) use of synthetic latents to augment small-size latent training databases in the public domain to improve the performance of DeepPrint, a SOTA fingerprint matcher designed for rolled to rolled fingerprint matching on three latent databases (NIST SD27, NIST SD302, and IIITD-SLF). As an example, with synthetic latent data augmentation, the Rank-1 retrieval performance of DeepPrint is improved from 15.50% to 29.07% on challenging NIST SD27 latent database. Our approach for generating synthetic latent fingerprints can be used to improve the recognition performance of any latent matcher and its individual components (e.g., enhancement, segmentation and feature extraction).      
### 41.Boundary-Aware Network for Abdominal Multi-Organ Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13774.pdf)
>  Automated abdominal multi-organ segmentation is a crucial yet challenging task in the computer-aided diagnosis of abdominal organ-related diseases. Although numerous deep learning models have achieved remarkable success in many medical image segmentation tasks, accurate segmentation of abdominal organs remains challenging, due to the varying sizes of abdominal organs and the ambiguous boundaries among them. In this paper, we propose a boundary-aware network (BA-Net) to segment abdominal organs on CT scans and MRI scans. This model contains a shared encoder, a boundary decoder, and a segmentation decoder. The multi-scale deep supervision strategy is adopted on both decoders, which can alleviate the issues caused by variable organ sizes. The boundary probability maps produced by the boundary decoder at each scale are used as attention to enhance the segmentation feature maps. We evaluated the BA-Net on the Abdominal Multi-Organ Segmentation (AMOS) Challenge dataset and achieved an average Dice score of 89.29$\%$ for multi-organ segmentation on CT scans and an average Dice score of 71.92$\%$ on MRI scans. The results demonstrate that BA-Net is superior to nnUNet on both segmentation tasks.      
### 42.Comparing Results of Thermographic Images Based Diagnosis for Breast Diseases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14410.pdf)
>  This paper examines the potential contribution of infrared (IR) imaging in breast diseases detection. It compares obtained results using some algorithms for detection of malignant breast conditions such as Support Vector Machine (SVM) regarding the consistency of different approaches when applied to public data. Moreover, in order to avail the actual IR imaging's capability as a complement on clinical trials and to promote researches using high-resolution IR imaging we deemed the use of a public database revised by confidently trained breast physicians as essential. Only the static acquisition protocol is regarded in our work. We used lO2 IR single breast images from the Pro Engenharia (PROENG) public database (54 normal and 48 with some finding). These images were collected from Universidade Federal de Pernambuco (UFPE) University's Hospital. We employed the same features proposed by the authors of the work that presented the best results and achieved an accuracy of 61.7 % and Youden index of 0.24 using the Sequential Minimal Optimization (SMO) classifier.      
### 43.Verifiable Obstacle Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14403.pdf)
>  Perception of obstacles remains a critical safety concern for autonomous vehicles. Real-world collisions have shown that the autonomy faults leading to fatal collisions originate from obstacle existence detection. Open source autonomous driving implementations show a perception pipeline with complex interdependent Deep Neural Networks. These networks are not fully verifiable, making them unsuitable for safety-critical tasks. <br>In this work, we present a safety verification of an existing LiDAR based classical obstacle detection algorithm. We establish strict bounds on the capabilities of this obstacle detection algorithm. Given safety standards, such bounds allow for determining LiDAR sensor properties that would reliably satisfy the standards. Such analysis has as yet been unattainable for neural network based perception systems. We provide a rigorous analysis of the obstacle detection system with empirical results based on real-world sensor data.      
### 44.Automated recognition of the pericardium contour on processed CT images using genetic algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14375.pdf)
>  This work proposes the use of Genetic Algorithms (GA) in tracing and recognizing the pericardium contour of the human heart using Computed Tomography (CT) images. We assume that each slice of the pericardium can be modelled by an ellipse, the parameters of which need to be optimally determined. An optimal ellipse would be one that closely follows the pericardium contour and, consequently, separates appropriately the epicardial and mediastinal fats of the human heart. Tracing and automatically identifying the pericardium contour aids in medical diagnosis. Usually, this process is done manually or not done at all due to the effort required. Besides, detecting the pericardium may improve previously proposed automated methodologies that separate the two types of fat associated to the human heart. Quantification of these fats provides important health risk marker information, as they are associated with the development of certain cardiovascular pathologies. Finally, we conclude that GA offers satisfiable solutions in a feasible amount of processing time.      
### 45.AutoWS-Bench-101: Benchmarking Automated Weak Supervision with 100 Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14362.pdf)
>  Weak supervision (WS) is a powerful method to build labeled datasets for training supervised models in the face of little-to-no labeled data. It replaces hand-labeling data with aggregating multiple noisy-but-cheap label estimates expressed by labeling functions (LFs). While it has been used successfully in many domains, weak supervision's application scope is limited by the difficulty of constructing labeling functions for domains with complex or high-dimensional features. To address this, a handful of methods have proposed automating the LF design process using a small set of ground truth labels. In this work, we introduce AutoWS-Bench-101: a framework for evaluating automated WS (AutoWS) techniques in challenging WS settings -- a set of diverse application domains on which it has been previously difficult or impossible to apply traditional WS techniques. While AutoWS is a promising direction toward expanding the application-scope of WS, the emergence of powerful methods such as zero-shot foundation models reveals the need to understand how AutoWS techniques compare or cooperate with modern zero-shot or few-shot learners. This informs the central question of AutoWS-Bench-101: given an initial set of 100 labels for each task, we ask whether a practitioner should use an AutoWS method to generate additional labels or use some simpler baseline, such as zero-shot predictions from a foundation model or supervised learning. We observe that in many settings, it is necessary for AutoWS methods to incorporate signal from foundation models if they are to outperform simple few-shot baselines, and AutoWS-Bench-101 promotes future research in this direction. We conclude with a thorough ablation study of AutoWS methods.      
### 46.FAST-AID Brain: Fast and Accurate Segmentation Tool using Artificial Intelligence Developed for Brain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14360.pdf)
>  Medical images used in clinical practice are heterogeneous and not the same quality as scans studied in academic research. Preprocessing breaks down in extreme cases when anatomy, artifacts, or imaging parameters are unusual or protocols are different. Methods robust to these variations are most needed. A novel deep learning method is proposed for fast and accurate segmentation of the human brain into 132 regions. The proposed model uses an efficient U-Net-like network and benefits from the intersection points of different views and hierarchical relations for the fusion of the orthogonal 2D planes and brain labels during the end-to-end training. Weakly supervised learning is deployed to take the advantage of partially labeled data for the whole brain segmentation and estimation of the intracranial volume (ICV). Moreover, data augmentation is used to expand the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data by generating realistic brain scans with high variability for robust training of the model while preserving data privacy. The proposed method can be applied to brain MRI data including skull or any other artifacts without preprocessing the images or a drop in performance. Several experiments using different atlases are conducted to evaluate the segmentation performance of the trained model compared to the state-of-the-art, and the results show higher segmentation accuracy and robustness of the proposed model compared to the existing methods across different intra- and inter-domain datasets.      
### 47.On the Automated Segmentation of Epicardial and Mediastinal Cardiac Adipose Tissues Using Classification Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14352.pdf)
>  The quantification of fat depots on the surroundings of the heart is an accurate procedure for evaluating health risk factors correlated with several diseases. However, this type of evaluation is not widely employed in clinical practice due to the required human workload. This work proposes a novel technique for the automatic segmentation of cardiac fat pads. The technique is based on applying classification algorithms to the segmentation of cardiac CT images. Furthermore, we extensively evaluate the performance of several algorithms on this task and discuss which provided better predictive models. Experimental results have shown that the mean accuracy for the classification of epicardial and mediastinal fats has been 98.4% with a mean true positive rate of 96.2%. On average, the Dice similarity index, regarding the segmented patients and the ground truth, was equal to 96.8%. Therfore, our technique has achieved the most accurate results for the automatic segmentation of cardiac fats, to date.      
### 48.FUSION: Fully Unsupervised Test-Time Stain Adaptation via Fused Normalization Statistics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14206.pdf)
>  Staining reveals the micro structure of the aspirate while creating histopathology slides. Stain variation, defined as a chromatic difference between the source and the target, is caused by varying characteristics during staining, resulting in a distribution shift and poor performance on the target. The goal of stain normalization is to match the target's chromatic distribution to that of the source. However, stain normalisation causes the underlying morphology to distort, resulting in an incorrect diagnosis. We propose FUSION, a new method for promoting stain-adaption by adjusting the model to the target in an unsupervised test-time scenario, eliminating the necessity for significant labelling at the target end. FUSION works by altering the target's batch normalization statistics and fusing them with source statistics using a weighting factor. The algorithm reduces to one of two extremes based on the weighting factor. Despite the lack of training or supervision, FUSION surpasses existing equivalent algorithms for classification and dense predictions (segmentation), as demonstrated by comprehensive experiments on two public datasets.      
### 49.Airway measurement by refinement of synthetic images improves mortality prediction in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14141.pdf)
>  Several chronic lung diseases, like idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) are characterised by abnormal dilatation of the airways. Quantification of airway features on computed tomography (CT) can help characterise disease progression. Physics based airway measurement algorithms have been developed, but have met with limited success in part due to the sheer diversity of airway morphology seen in clinical practice. Supervised learning methods are also not feasible due to the high cost of obtaining precise airway annotations. We propose synthesising airways by style transfer using perceptual losses to train our model, Airway Transfer Network (ATN). We compare our ATN model with a state-of-the-art GAN-based network (simGAN) using a) qualitative assessment; b) assessment of the ability of ATN and simGAN based CT airway metrics to predict mortality in a population of 113 patients with IPF. ATN was shown to be quicker and easier to train than simGAN. ATN-based airway measurements were also found to be consistently stronger predictors of mortality than simGAN-derived airway metrics on IPF CTs. Airway synthesis by a transformation network that refines synthetic data using perceptual losses is a realistic alternative to GAN-based methods for clinical CT analyses of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Our source code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ashkanpakzad/ATN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> that is compatible with the existing open-source airway analysis framework, AirQuant.      
### 50.Deep Generative Modeling on Limited Data with Regularization by Nontransferable Pre-trained Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14133.pdf)
>  Deep generative models (DGMs) are data-eager. Essentially, it is because learning a complex model on limited data suffers from a large variance and easily overfits. Inspired by the \emph{bias-variance dilemma}, we propose \emph{regularized deep generative model} (Reg-DGM), which leverages a nontransferable pre-trained model to reduce the variance of generative modeling with limited data. Formally, Reg-DGM optimizes a weighted sum of a certain divergence between the data distribution and the DGM and the expectation of an energy function defined by the pre-trained model w.r.t. the DGM. Theoretically, we characterize the existence and uniqueness of the global minimum of Reg-DGM in the nonparametric setting and rigorously prove the statistical benefits of Reg-DGM w.r.t. the mean squared error and the expected risk in a simple yet representative Gaussian-fitting example. Empirically, it is quite flexible to specify the DGM and the pre-trained model in Reg-DGM. In particular, with a ResNet-18 classifier pre-trained on ImageNet and a data-dependent energy function, Reg-DGM consistently improves the generation performance of strong DGMs including StyleGAN2 and ADA on several benchmarks with limited data and achieves competitive results to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 51.Stabilize, Decompose, and Denoise: Self-Supervised Fluoroscopy Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.14022.pdf)
>  Fluoroscopy is an imaging technique that uses X-ray to obtain a real-time 2D video of the interior of a 3D object, helping surgeons to observe pathological structures and tissue functions especially during intervention. However, it suffers from heavy noise that mainly arises from the clinical use of a low dose X-ray, thereby necessitating the technology of fluoroscopy denoising. Such denoising is challenged by the relative motion between the object being imaged and the X-ray imaging system. We tackle this challenge by proposing a self-supervised, three-stage framework that exploits the domain knowledge of fluoroscopy imaging. (i) Stabilize: we first construct a dynamic panorama based on optical flow calculation to stabilize the non-stationary background induced by the motion of the X-ray detector. (ii) Decompose: we then propose a novel mask-based Robust Principle Component Analysis (RPCA) decomposition method to separate a video with detector motion into a low-rank background and a sparse foreground. Such a decomposition accommodates the reading habit of experts. (iii) Denoise: we finally denoise the background and foreground separately by a self-supervised learning strategy and fuse the denoised parts into the final output via a bilateral, spatiotemporal filter. To assess the effectiveness of our work, we curate a dedicated fluoroscopy dataset of 27 videos (1,568 frames) and corresponding ground truth. Our experiments demonstrate that it achieves significant improvements in terms of denoising and enhancement effects when compared with standard approaches. Finally, expert rating confirms this efficacy.      
### 52.Learned Lossless Image Compression With Combined Autoregressive Models And Attention Modules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13974.pdf)
>  Lossless image compression is an essential research field in image compression. Recently, learning-based image compression methods achieved impressive performance compared with traditional lossless methods, such as WebP, JPEG2000, and FLIF. However, there are still many impressive lossy compression methods that can be applied to lossless compression. Therefore, in this paper, we explore the methods widely used in lossy compression and apply them to lossless compression. Inspired by the impressive performance of the Gaussian mixture model (GMM) shown in lossy compression, we generate a lossless network architecture with GMM. Besides noticing the successful achievements of attention modules and autoregressive models, we propose to utilize attention modules and add an extra autoregressive model for raw images in our network architecture to boost the performance. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms most classical lossless compression methods and existing learning-based methods.      
### 53.CUAHN-VIO: Content-and-Uncertainty-Aware Homography Network for Visual-Inertial Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13935.pdf)
>  Learning-based visual ego-motion estimation is promising yet not ready for navigating agile mobile robots in the real world. In this article, we propose CUAHN-VIO, a robust and efficient monocular visual-inertial odometry (VIO) designed for micro aerial vehicles (MAVs) equipped with a downward-facing camera. The vision frontend is a content-and-uncertainty-aware homography network (CUAHN) that is robust to non-homography image content and failure cases of network prediction. It not only predicts the homography transformation but also estimates its uncertainty. The training is self-supervised, so that it does not require ground truth that is often difficult to obtain. The network has good generalization that enables "plug-and-play" deployment in new environments without fine-tuning. A lightweight extended Kalman filter (EKF) serves as the VIO backend and utilizes the mean prediction and variance estimation from the network for visual measurement updates. CUAHN-VIO is evaluated on a high-speed public dataset and shows rivaling accuracy to state-of-the-art (SOTA) VIO approaches. Thanks to the robustness to motion blur, low network inference time (~23ms), and stable processing latency (~26ms), CUAHN-VIO successfully runs onboard an Nvidia Jetson TX2 embedded processor to navigate a fast autonomous MAV.      
### 54.SB-SSL: Slice-Based Self-Supervised Transformers for Knee Abnormality Classification from MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.13923.pdf)
>  The availability of large scale data with high quality ground truth labels is a challenge when developing supervised machine learning solutions for healthcare domain. Although, the amount of digital data in clinical workflows is increasing, most of this data is distributed on clinical sites and protected to ensure patient privacy. Radiological readings and dealing with large-scale clinical data puts a significant burden on the available resources, and this is where machine learning and artificial intelligence play a pivotal role. Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) for musculoskeletal (MSK) diagnosis is one example where the scans have a wealth of information, but require a significant amount of time for reading and labeling. Self-supervised learning (SSL) can be a solution for handling the lack of availability of ground truth labels, but generally requires a large amount of training data during the pretraining stage. Herein, we propose a slice-based self-supervised deep learning framework (SB-SSL), a novel slice-based paradigm for classifying abnormality using knee MRI scans. We show that for a limited number of cases (&lt;1000), our proposed framework is capable to identify anterior cruciate ligament tear with an accuracy of 89.17% and an AUC of 0.954, outperforming state-of-the-art without usage of external data during pretraining. This demonstrates that our proposed framework is suited for SSL in the limited data regime.      
