# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 29 Aug 2022
### 1.VMFormer: End-to-End Video Matting with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12801.pdf)
>  Video matting aims to predict the alpha mattes for each frame from a given input video sequence. Recent solutions to video matting have been dominated by deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) for the past few years, which have become the de-facto standard for both academia and industry. However, they have inbuilt inductive bias of locality and do not capture global characteristics of an image due to the CNN-based architectures. They also lack long-range temporal modeling considering computational costs when dealing with feature maps of multiple frames. In this paper, we propose VMFormer: a transformer-based end-to-end method for video matting. It makes predictions on alpha mattes of each frame from learnable queries given a video input sequence. Specifically, it leverages self-attention layers to build global integration of feature sequences with short-range temporal modeling on successive frames. We further apply queries to learn global representations through cross-attention in the transformer decoder with long-range temporal modeling upon all queries. In the prediction stage, both queries and corresponding feature maps are used to make the final prediction of alpha matte. Experiments show that VMFormer outperforms previous CNN-based video matting methods on the composited benchmarks. To our best knowledge, it is the first end-to-end video matting solution built upon a full vision transformer with predictions on the learnable queries. The project is open-sourced at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://chrisjuniorli.github.io/project/VMFormer/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 2.Learning Multi-Modal Brain Tumor Segmentation from Privileged Semi-Paired MRI Images with Curriculum Disentanglement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12781.pdf)
>  Due to the difficulties of obtaining multimodal paired images in clinical practice, recent studies propose to train brain tumor segmentation models with unpaired images and capture complementary information through modality translation. However, these models cannot fully exploit the complementary information from different modalities. In this work, we thus present a novel two-step (intra-modality and inter-modality) curriculum disentanglement learning framework to effectively utilize privileged semi-paired images, i.e. limited paired images that are only available in training, for brain tumor segmentation. Specifically, in the first step, we propose to conduct reconstruction and segmentation with augmented intra-modality style-consistent images. In the second step, the model jointly performs reconstruction, unsupervised/supervised translation, and segmentation for both unpaired and paired inter-modality images. A content consistency loss and a supervised translation loss are proposed to leverage complementary information from different modalities in this step. Through these two steps, our method effectively extracts modality-specific style codes describing the attenuation of tissue features and image contrast, and modality-invariant content codes containing anatomical and functional information from the input images. Experiments on three brain tumor segmentation tasks show that our model outperforms competing segmentation models based on unpaired images.      
### 3.TFusion: Transformer based N-to-One Multimodal Fusion Block  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12776.pdf)
>  People perceive the world with different senses, such as sight, hearing, smell, and touch. Processing and fusing information from multiple modalities enables Artificial Intelligence to understand the world around us more easily. However, when there are missing modalities, the number of available modalities is different in diverse situations, which leads to an N-to-One fusion problem. To solve this problem, we propose a transformer based fusion block called TFusion. Different from preset formulations or convolution based methods, the proposed block automatically learns to fuse available modalities without synthesizing or zero-padding missing ones. Specifically, the feature representations extracted from upstream processing model are projected as tokens and fed into transformer layers to generate latent multimodal correlations. Then, to reduce the dependence on particular modalities, a modal attention mechanism is introduced to build a shared representation, which can be applied by the downstream decision model. The proposed TFusion block can be easily integrated into existing multimodal analysis networks. In this work, we apply TFusion to different backbone networks for multimodal human activity recognition and brain tumor segmentation tasks. Extensive experimental results show that the TFusion block achieves better performance than the competing fusion strategies.      
### 4.Leveraging Synthetic Data to Learn Video Stabilization Under Adverse Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12763.pdf)
>  Video stabilization plays a central role to improve videos quality. However, despite the substantial progress made by these methods, they were, mainly, tested under standard weather and lighting conditions, and may perform poorly under adverse conditions. In this paper, we propose a synthetic-aware adverse weather robust algorithm for video stabilization that does not require real data and can be trained only on synthetic data. We also present Silver, a novel rendering engine to generate the required training data with an automatic ground-truth extraction procedure. Our approach uses our specially generated synthetic data for training an affine transformation matrix estimator avoiding the feature extraction issues faced by current methods. Additionally, since no video stabilization datasets under adverse conditions are available, we propose the novel VSAC105Real dataset for evaluation. We compare our method to five state-of-the-art video stabilization algorithms using two benchmarks. Our results show that current approaches perform poorly in at least one weather condition, and that, even training in a small dataset with synthetic data only, we achieve the best performance in terms of stability average score, distortion score, success rate, and average cropping ratio when considering all weather conditions. Hence, our video stabilization model generalizes well on real-world videos and does not require large-scale synthetic training data to converge.      
### 5.T-Person-GAN: Text-to-Person Image Generation with Identity-Consistency and Manifold Mix-Up  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12752.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an end-to-end approach to generate high-resolution person images conditioned on texts only. State-of-the-art text-to-image generation models are mainly designed for center-object generation, e.g., flowers and birds. Unlike center-placed objects with similar shapes and orientation, person image generation is a more challenging task, for which we observe the followings: 1) the generated images for the same person exhibit visual details with identity-consistency, e.g., identity-related textures/clothes/shoes across the images, and 2) those images should be discriminant for being robust against the inter-person variations caused by visual ambiguities. To address the above challenges, we develop an effective generative model to produce person images with two novel mechanisms. In particular, our first mechanism (called T-Person-GAN-ID) is to integrate the one-stream generator with an identity-preserving network such that the representations of generated data are regularized in their feature space to ensure the identity-consistency. The second mechanism (called T-Person-GAN-ID-MM) is based on the manifold mix-up to produce mixed images via the linear interpolation across generated images from different manifold identities, and we further enforce such interpolated images to be linearly classified in the feature space. This amounts to learning a linear classification boundary that can perfectly separate images from two identities. Our proposed method is empirically validated to achieve a remarkable improvement in text-to-person image generation. Our architecture is orthogonal to StackGAN++ , and focuses on person image generation, with all of them together to enrich the spectrum of GANs for the image generation task. Codes are available on \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/linwu-github/Person-Image-Generation.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 6.Fast Auto-Differentiable Digitally Reconstructed Radiographs for Solving Inverse Problems in Intraoperative Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12737.pdf)
>  The use of digitally reconstructed radiographs (DRRs) to solve inverse problems such as slice-to-volume registration and 3D reconstruction is well-studied in preoperative settings. In intraoperative imaging, the utility of DRRs is limited by the challenges in generating them in real-time and supporting optimization procedures that rely on repeated DRR synthesis. While immense progress has been made in accelerating the generation of DRRs through algorithmic refinements and GPU implementations, DRR-based optimization remains slow because most DRR generators do not offer a straightforward way to obtain gradients with respect to the imaging parameters. To make DRRs interoperable with gradient-based optimization and deep learning frameworks, we have reformulated Siddon's method, the most popular ray-tracing algorithm used in DRR generation, as a series of vectorized tensor operations. We implemented this vectorized version of Siddon's method in PyTorch, taking advantage of the library's strong automatic differentiation engine to make this DRR generator fully differentiable with respect to its parameters. Additionally, using GPU-accelerated tensor computation enables our vectorized implementation to achieve rendering speeds equivalent to state-of-the-art DRR generators implemented in CUDA and C++. We illustrate the resulting method in the context of slice-to-volume registration. Moreover, our simulations suggest that the loss landscapes for the slice-to-volume registration problem are convex in the neighborhood of the optimal solution, and gradient-based registration promises a much faster solution than prevailing gradient-free optimization strategies. The proposed DRR generator enables fast computer vision algorithms to support image guidance in minimally invasive procedures. Our implementation is publically available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/v715/DiffDRR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Multi-Scale Architectures Matter: On the Adversarial Robustness of Flow-based Lossless Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12716.pdf)
>  As a probabilistic modeling technique, the flow-based model has demonstrated remarkable potential in the field of lossless compression \cite{idf,idf++,lbb,ivpf,iflow},. Compared with other deep generative models (eg. Autoregressive, VAEs) \cite{bitswap,hilloc,pixelcnn++,pixelsnail} that explicitly model the data distribution probabilities, flow-based models perform better due to their excellent probability density estimation and satisfactory inference speed. In flow-based models, multi-scale architecture provides a shortcut from the shallow layer to the output layer, which significantly reduces the computational complexity and avoid performance degradation when adding more layers. This is essential for constructing an advanced flow-based learnable bijective mapping. Furthermore, the lightweight requirement of the model design in practical compression tasks suggests that flows with multi-scale architecture achieve the best trade-off between coding complexity and compression efficiency.      
### 8.Voxurf: Voxel-based Efficient and Accurate Neural Surface Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12697.pdf)
>  Neural surface reconstruction aims to reconstruct accurate 3D surfaces based on multi-view images. Previous methods based on neural volume rendering mostly train a fully implicit model, and they require hours of training for a single scene. Recent efforts explore the explicit volumetric representation, which substantially accelerates the optimization process by memorizing significant information in learnable voxel grids. However, these voxel-based methods often struggle in reconstructing fine-grained geometry. Through empirical studies, we found that high-quality surface reconstruction hinges on two key factors: the capability of constructing a coherent shape and the precise modeling of color-geometry dependency. In particular, the latter is the key to the accurate reconstruction of fine details. Inspired by these findings, we develop Voxurf, a voxel-based approach for efficient and accurate neural surface reconstruction, which consists of two stages: 1) leverage a learnable feature grid to construct the color field and obtain a coherent coarse shape, and 2) refine detailed geometry with a dual color network that captures precise color-geometry dependency. We further introduce a hierarchical geometry feature to enable information sharing across voxels. Our experiments show that Voxurf achieves high efficiency and high quality at the same time. On the DTU benchmark, Voxurf achieves higher reconstruction quality compared to state-of-the-art methods, with 20x speedup in training.      
### 9.Hardware-aware mobile building block evaluation for computer vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12694.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a methodology to accurately evaluate and compare the performance of efficient neural network building blocks for computer vision in a hardware-aware manner. Our comparison uses pareto fronts based on randomly sampled networks from a design space to capture the underlying accuracy/complexity trade-offs. We show that our approach allows to match the information obtained by previous comparison paradigms, but provides more insights in the relationship between hardware cost and accuracy. We use our methodology to analyze different building blocks and evaluate their performance on a range of embedded hardware platforms. This highlights the importance of benchmarking building blocks as a preselection step in the design process of a neural network. We show that choosing the right building block can speed up inference by up to a factor of 2x on specific hardware ML accelerators.      
### 10.Disentangle and Remerge: Interventional Knowledge Distillation for Few-Shot Object Detection from A Conditional Causal Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12681.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning models learn representations with limited human annotations, and such a learning paradigm demonstrates practicability in various tasks, e.g., image classification, object detection, etc. However, few-shot object detection methods suffer from an intrinsic defect that the limited training data makes the model cannot sufficiently explore semantic information. To tackle this, we introduce knowledge distillation to the few-shot object detection learning paradigm. We further run a motivating experiment, which demonstrates that in the process of knowledge distillation the empirical error of the teacher model degenerates the prediction performance of the few-shot object detection model, as the student. To understand the reasons behind this phenomenon, we revisit the learning paradigm of knowledge distillation on the few-shot object detection task from the causal theoretic standpoint, and accordingly, develop a Structural Causal Model. Following the theoretical guidance, we propose a backdoor adjustment-based knowledge distillation method for the few-shot object detection task, namely Disentangle and Remerge (D&amp;R), to perform conditional causal intervention toward the corresponding Structural Causal Model. Theoretically, we provide an extended definition, i.e., general backdoor path, for the backdoor criterion, which can expand the theoretical application boundary of the backdoor criterion in specific cases. Empirically, the experiments on multiple benchmark datasets demonstrate that D&amp;R can yield significant performance boosts in few-shot object detection.      
### 11.Adaptively-Realistic Image Generation from Stroke and Sketch with Diffusion Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12675.pdf)
>  Generating images from hand-drawings is a crucial and fundamental task in content creation. The translation is difficult as there exist infinite possibilities and the different users usually expect different outcomes. Therefore, we propose a unified framework supporting a three-dimensional control over the image synthesis from sketches and strokes based on diffusion models. Users can not only decide the level of faithfulness to the input strokes and sketches, but also the degree of realism, as the user inputs are usually not consistent with the real images. Qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate that our framework achieves state-of-the-art performance while providing flexibility in generating customized images with control over shape, color, and realism. Moreover, our method unleashes applications such as editing on real images, generation with partial sketches and strokes, and multi-domain multi-modal synthesis.      
### 12.Enabling Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization from On-Device Learning of the Video Stream  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12673.pdf)
>  Detecting actions in videos have been widely applied in on-device applications. Practical on-device videos are always untrimmed with both action and background. It is desirable for a model to both recognize the class of action and localize the temporal position where the action happens. Such a task is called temporal action location (TAL), which is always trained on the cloud where multiple untrimmed videos are collected and labeled. It is desirable for a TAL model to continuously and locally learn from new data, which can directly improve the action detection precision while protecting customers' privacy. However, it is non-trivial to train a TAL model, since tremendous video samples with temporal annotations are required. However, annotating videos frame by frame is exorbitantly time-consuming and expensive. Although weakly-supervised TAL (W-TAL) has been proposed to learn from untrimmed videos with only video-level labels, such an approach is also not suitable for on-device learning scenarios. In practical on-device learning applications, data are collected in streaming. Dividing such a long video stream into multiple video segments requires lots of human effort, which hinders the exploration of applying the TAL tasks to realistic on-device learning applications. To enable W-TAL models to learn from a long, untrimmed streaming video, we propose an efficient video learning approach that can directly adapt to new environments. We first propose a self-adaptive video dividing approach with a contrast score-based segment merging approach to convert the video stream into multiple segments. Then, we explore different sampling strategies on the TAL tasks to request as few labels as possible. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first attempt to directly learn from the on-device, long video stream.      
### 13.Multi tasks RetinaNet for mitosis detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12657.pdf)
>  The account of mitotic cells is a key feature in tumor diagnosis. However, due to the variability of mitotic cell morphology, it is a highly challenging task to detect mitotic cells in tumor tissues. At the same time, although advanced deep learning method have achieved great success in cell detection, the performance is often unsatisfactory when tested data from another domain (i.e. the different tumor types and different scanners). Therefore, it is necessary to develop algorithms for detecting mitotic cells with robustness in domain shifts scenarios. Our work further proposes a foreground detection and tumor classification task based on the baseline(Retinanet), and utilizes data augmentation to improve the domain generalization performance of our model. We achieve the state-of-the-art performance (F1 score: 0.5809) on the challenging premilary test dataset.      
### 14.Towards Robust Drone Vision in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12655.pdf)
>  The past few years have witnessed the burst of drone-based applications where computer vision plays an essential role. However, most public drone-based vision datasets focus on detection and tracking. On the other hand, the performance of most existing image super-resolution methods is sensitive to the dataset, specifically, the degradation model between high-resolution and low-resolution images. In this thesis, we propose the first image super-resolution dataset for drone vision. Image pairs are captured by two cameras on the drone with different focal lengths. We collect data at different altitudes and then propose pre-processing steps to align image pairs. Extensive empirical studies show domain gaps exist among images captured at different altitudes. Meanwhile, the performance of pretrained image super-resolution networks also suffers a drop on our dataset and varies among altitudes. Finally, we propose two methods to build a robust image super-resolution network at different altitudes. The first feeds altitude information into the network through altitude-aware layers. The second uses one-shot learning to quickly adapt the super-resolution model to unknown altitudes. Our results reveal that the proposed methods can efficiently improve the performance of super-resolution networks at varying altitudes.      
### 15.Uncertainty Guided Depth Fusion for Spike Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12653.pdf)
>  Depth estimation is essential for various important real-world applications such as autonomous driving. However, it suffers from severe performance degradation in high-velocity scenario since traditional cameras can only capture blurred images. To deal with this problem, the spike camera is designed to capture the pixel-wise luminance intensity at high frame rate. However, depth estimation with spike camera remains very challenging using traditional monocular or stereo depth estimation algorithms, which are based on the photometric consistency. In this paper, we propose a novel Uncertainty-Guided Depth Fusion (UGDF) framework to fuse the predictions of monocular and stereo depth estimation networks for spike camera. Our framework is motivated by the fact that stereo spike depth estimation achieves better results at close range while monocular spike depth estimation obtains better results at long range. Therefore, we introduce a dual-task depth estimation architecture with a joint training strategy and estimate the distributed uncertainty to fuse the monocular and stereo results. In order to demonstrate the advantage of spike depth estimation over traditional camera depth estimation, we contribute a spike-depth dataset named CitySpike20K, which contains 20K paired samples, for spike depth estimation. UGDF achieves state-of-the-art results on CitySpike20K, surpassing all monocular or stereo spike depth estimation baselines. We conduct extensive experiments to evaluate the effectiveness and generalization of our method on CitySpike20K. To the best of our knowledge, our framework is the first dual-task fusion framework for spike camera depth estimation. Code and dataset will be released.      
### 16.Automatic detection of faults in race walking from a smartphone camera: a comparison of an Olympic medalist and university athletes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12646.pdf)
>  Automatic fault detection is a major challenge in many sports. In race walking, referees visually judge faults according to the rules. Hence, ensuring objectivity and fairness while judging is important. To address this issue, some studies have attempted to use sensors and machine learning to automatically detect faults. However, there are problems associated with sensor attachments and equipment such as a high-speed camera, which conflict with the visual judgement of referees, and the interpretability of the fault detection models. In this study, we proposed a fault detection system for non-contact measurement. We used pose estimation and machine learning models trained based on the judgements of multiple qualified referees to realize fair fault judgement. We verified them using smartphone videos of normal race walking and walking with intentional faults in several athletes including the medalist of the Tokyo Olympics. The validation results show that the proposed system detected faults with an average accuracy of over 90%. We also revealed that the machine learning model detects faults according to the rules of race walking. In addition, the intentional faulty walking movement of the medalist was different from that of university walkers. This finding informs realization of a more general fault detection model. The code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SZucchini/racewalk-aijudge" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Why is the video analytics accuracy fluctuating, and what can we do about it?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12644.pdf)
>  It is a common practice to think of a video as a sequence of images (frames), and re-use deep neural network models that are trained only on images for similar analytics tasks on videos. In this paper, we show that this leap of faith that deep learning models that work well on images will also work well on videos is actually flawed. We show that even when a video camera is viewing a scene that is not changing in any human-perceptible way, and we control for external factors like video compression and environment (lighting), the accuracy of video analytics application fluctuates noticeably. These fluctuations occur because successive frames produced by the video camera may look similar visually, but these frames are perceived quite differently by the video analytics applications. We observed that the root cause for these fluctuations is the dynamic camera parameter changes that a video camera automatically makes in order to capture and produce a visually pleasing video. The camera inadvertently acts as an unintentional adversary because these slight changes in the image pixel values in consecutive frames, as we show, have a noticeably adverse impact on the accuracy of insights from video analytics tasks that re-use image-trained deep learning models. To address this inadvertent adversarial effect from the camera, we explore the use of transfer learning techniques to improve learning in video analytics tasks through the transfer of knowledge from learning on image analytics tasks. In particular, we show that our newly trained Yolov5 model reduces fluctuation in object detection across frames, which leads to better tracking of objects(40% fewer mistakes in tracking). Our paper also provides new directions and techniques to mitigate the camera's adversarial effect on deep learning models used for video analytics applications.      
### 18.Full Body Video-Based Self-Avatars for Mixed Reality: from E2E System to User Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12639.pdf)
>  In this work we explore the creation of self-avatars through video pass-through in Mixed Reality (MR) applications. We present our end-to-end system, including: custom MR video pass-through implementation on a commercial head mounted display (HMD), our deep learning-based real-time egocentric body segmentation algorithm, and our optimized offloading architecture, to communicate the segmentation server with the HMD. To validate this technology, we designed an immersive VR experience where the user has to walk through a narrow tiles path over an active volcano crater. The study was performed under three body representation conditions: virtual hands, video pass-through with color-based full-body segmentation and video pass-through with deep learning full-body segmentation. This immersive experience was carried out by 30 women and 28 men. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first user study focused on evaluating video-based self-avatars to represent the user in a MR scene. Results showed no significant differences between the different body representations in terms of presence, with moderate improvements in some Embodiment components between the virtual hands and full-body representations. Visual Quality results showed better results from the deep-learning algorithms in terms of the whole body perception and overall segmentation quality. We provide some discussion regarding the use of video-based self-avatars, and some reflections on the evaluation methodology. The proposed E2E solution is in the boundary of the state of the art, so there is still room for improvement before it reaches maturity. However, this solution serves as a crucial starting point for novel MR distributed solutions.      
### 19.Selective manipulation of disentangled representations for privacy-aware facial image processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12632.pdf)
>  Camera sensors are increasingly being combined with machine learning to perform various tasks such as intelligent surveillance. Due to its computational complexity, most of these machine learning algorithms are offloaded to the cloud for processing. However, users are increasingly concerned about privacy issues such as function creep and malicious usage by third-party cloud providers. To alleviate this, we propose an edge-based filtering stage that removes privacy-sensitive attributes before the sensor data are transmitted to the cloud. We use state-of-the-art image manipulation techniques that leverage disentangled representations to achieve privacy filtering. We define opt-in and opt-out filter operations and evaluate their effectiveness for filtering private attributes from face images. Additionally, we examine the effect of naturally occurring correlations and residual information on filtering. We find the results promising and believe this elicits further research on how image manipulation can be used for privacy preservation.      
### 20.From WSI-level to Patch-level: Structure Prior Guided Binuclear Cell Fine-grained Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12623.pdf)
>  Accurately and quickly binuclear cell (BC) detection plays a significant role in predicting the risk of leukemia and other malignant tumors. However, manual microscopy counting is time-consuming and lacks objectivity. Moreover, with the limitation of staining quality and diversity of morphology features in BC microscopy whole slide images (WSIs), traditional image processing approaches are helpless. To overcome this challenge, we propose a two-stage detection method inspired by the structure prior of BC based on deep learning, which cascades to implement BCs coarse detection at the WSI-level and fine-grained classification in patch-level. The coarse detection network is a multi-task detection framework based on circular bounding boxes for cells detection, and central key points for nucleus detection. The circle representation reduces the degrees of freedom, mitigates the effect of surrounding impurities compared to usual rectangular boxes and can be rotation invariant in WSI. Detecting key points in the nucleus can assist network perception and be used for unsupervised color layer segmentation in later fine-grained classification. The fine classification network consists of a background region suppression module based on color layer mask supervision and a key region selection module based on a transformer due to its global modeling capability. Additionally, an unsupervised and unpaired cytoplasm generator network is firstly proposed to expand the long-tailed distribution dataset. Finally, experiments are performed on BC multicenter datasets. The proposed BC fine detection method outperforms other benchmarks in almost all the evaluation criteria, providing clarification and support for tasks such as cancer screenings.      
### 21.Image augmentation improves few-shot classification performance in plant disease recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12613.pdf)
>  With the world population projected to near 10 billion by 2050, minimizing crop damage and guaranteeing food security has never been more important. Machine learning has been proposed as a solution to quickly and efficiently identify diseases in crops. Convolutional Neural Networks typically require large datasets of annotated data which are not available on demand. Collecting this data is a long and arduous process which involves manually picking, imaging, and annotating each individual leaf. I tackle the problem of plant image data scarcity by exploring the efficacy of various data augmentation techniques when used in conjunction with transfer learning. I evaluate the impact of various data augmentation techniques both individually and combined on the performance of a ResNet. I propose an augmentation scheme utilizing a sequence of different augmentations which consistently improves accuracy through many trials. Using only 10 total seed images, I demonstrate that my augmentation framework can increase model accuracy by upwards of 25\%.      
### 22.Stain-Robust Mitotic Figure Detection for MIDOG 2022 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12587.pdf)
>  The detection of mitotic figures from different scanners/sites remains an important topic of research, owing to its potential in assisting clinicians with tumour grading. The MItosis DOmain Generalization (MIDOG) 2022 challenge aims to test the robustness of detection models on unseen data from multiple scanners and tissue types for this task. We present a short summary of the approach employed by the TIA Centre team to address this challenge. Our approach is based on a hybrid detection model, where mitotic candidates are segmented, before being refined by a deep learning classifier. Cross-validation on the training images achieved the F1-score of 0.816 and 0.784 on the preliminary test set, demonstrating the generalizability of our model to unseen data from new scanners.      
### 23.Efficient LiDAR Point Cloud Geometry Compression Through Neighborhood Point Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12573.pdf)
>  Although convolutional representation of multiscale sparse tensor demonstrated its superior efficiency to accurately model the occupancy probability for the compression of geometry component of dense object point clouds, its capacity for representing sparse LiDAR point cloud geometry (PCG) was largely limited. This is because 1) fixed receptive field of the convolution cannot characterize extremely and unevenly distributed sparse LiDAR points very well; and 2) pretrained convolutions with fixed weights are insufficient to dynamically capture information conditioned on the input. This work therefore suggests the neighborhood point attention (NPA) to tackle them, where we first use k nearest neighbors (kNN) to construct adaptive local neighborhood; and then leverage the self-attention mechanism to dynamically aggregate information within this neighborhood. Such NPA is devised as a NPAFormer to best exploit cross-scale and same-scale correlations for geometric occupancy probability estimation. Compared with the anchor using standardized G-PCC, our method provides &gt;17% BD-rate gains for lossy compression, and &gt;14% bitrate reduction for lossless scenario using popular LiDAR point clouds in SemanticKITTI and Ford datasets. Compared with the state-of-the-art (SOTA) solution using attention optimized octree coding method, our approach requires much less decoding runtime with about 640 times speedup on average, while still presenting better compression efficiency.      
### 24.Training and Tuning Generative Neural Radiance Fields for Attribute-Conditional 3D-Aware Face Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12550.pdf)
>  3D-aware GANs based on generative neural radiance fields (GNeRF) have achieved impressive high-quality image generation, while preserving strong 3D consistency. The most notable achievements are made in the face generation domain. However, most of these models focus on improving view consistency but neglect a disentanglement aspect, thus these models cannot provide high-quality semantic/attribute control over generation. To this end, we introduce a conditional GNeRF model that uses specific attribute labels as input in order to improve the controllabilities and disentangling abilities of 3D-aware generative models. We utilize the pre-trained 3D-aware model as the basis and integrate a dual-branches attribute-editing module (DAEM), that utilize attribute labels to provide control over generation. Moreover, we propose a TRIOT (TRaining as Init, and Optimizing for Tuning) method to optimize the latent vector to improve the precision of the attribute-editing further. Extensive experiments on the widely used FFHQ show that our model yields high-quality editing with better view consistency while preserving the non-target regions. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhangqianhui/TT-GNeRF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.MORI-RAN: Multi-view Robust Representation Learning via Hybrid Contrastive Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12545.pdf)
>  Multi-view representation learning is essential for many multi-view tasks, such as clustering and classification. However, there are two challenging problems plaguing the community: i)how to learn robust multi-view representation from mass unlabeled data and ii) how to balance the view consistency and the view specificity. To this end, in this paper, we proposed a hybrid contrastive fusion algorithm to extract robust view-common representation from unlabeled data. Specifically, we found that introducing an additional representation space and aligning representations on this space enables the model to learn robust view-common representations. At the same time, we designed an asymmetric contrastive strategy to ensure that the model does not obtain trivial solutions. Experimental results demonstrated that the proposed method outperforms 12 competitive multi-view methods on four real-world datasets in terms of clustering and classification. Our source code will be available soon at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guanzhou-ke/mori-ran" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 26.Unsupervised Spike Depth Estimation via Cross-modality Cross-domain Knowledge Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12527.pdf)
>  The neuromorphic spike camera generates data streams with high temporal resolution in a bio-inspired way, which has vast potential in the real-world applications such as autonomous driving. In contrast to RGB streams, spike streams have an inherent advantage to overcome motion blur, leading to more accurate depth estimation for high-velocity objects. However, training the spike depth estimation network in a supervised manner is almost impossible since it is extremely laborious and challenging to obtain paired depth labels for temporally intensive spike streams. In this paper, instead of building a spike stream dataset with full depth labels, we transfer knowledge from the open-source RGB datasets (e.g., KITTI) and estimate spike depth in an unsupervised manner. The key challenges for such problem lie in the modality gap between RGB and spike modalities, and the domain gap between labeled source RGB and unlabeled target spike domains. To overcome these challenges, we introduce a cross-modality cross-domain (BiCross) framework for unsupervised spike depth estimation. Our method narrows the enormous gap between source RGB and target spike by introducing the mediate simulated source spike domain. To be specific, for the cross-modality phase, we propose a novel Coarse-to-Fine Knowledge Distillation (CFKD), which transfers the image and pixel level knowledge from source RGB to source spike. Such design leverages the abundant semantic and dense temporal information of RGB and spike modalities respectively. For the cross-domain phase, we introduce the Uncertainty Guided Mean-Teacher (UGMT) to generate reliable pseudo labels with uncertainty estimation, alleviating the shift between the source spike and target spike domains. Besides, we propose a Global-Level Feature Alignment method (GLFA) to align the feature between two domains and generate more reliable pseudo labels.      
### 27.Cross-Lingual Cross-Modal Retrieval with Noise-Robust Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12526.pdf)
>  Despite the recent developments in the field of cross-modal retrieval, there has been less research focusing on low-resource languages due to the lack of manually annotated datasets. In this paper, we propose a noise-robust cross-lingual cross-modal retrieval method for low-resource languages. To this end, we use Machine Translation (MT) to construct pseudo-parallel sentence pairs for low-resource languages. However, as MT is not perfect, it tends to introduce noise during translation, rendering textual embeddings corrupted and thereby compromising the retrieval performance. To alleviate this, we introduce a multi-view self-distillation method to learn noise-robust target-language representations, which employs a cross-attention module to generate soft pseudo-targets to provide direct supervision from the similarity-based view and feature-based view. Besides, inspired by the back-translation in unsupervised MT, we minimize the semantic discrepancies between origin sentences and back-translated sentences to further improve the noise robustness of the textual encoder. Extensive experiments are conducted on three video-text and image-text cross-modal retrieval benchmarks across different languages, and the results demonstrate that our method significantly improves the overall performance without using extra human-labeled data. In addition, equipped with a pre-trained visual encoder from a recent vision-and-language pre-training framework, i.e., CLIP, our model achieves a significant performance gain, showing that our method is compatible with popular pre-training models. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HuiGuanLab/nrccr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Perspective-1-Ellipsoid: Formulation, Analysis and Solutions of the Ellipsoid Pose Estimation Problem in Euclidean Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12513.pdf)
>  In computer vision, camera pose estimation from correspondences between 3D geometric entities and their projections into the image has been a widely investigated problem. Although most state-of-the-art methods exploit low-level primitives such as points or lines, the emergence of very effective CNN-based object detectors in the recent years has paved the way to the use of higher-level features carrying semantically meaningful information. Pioneering works in that direction have shown that modelling 3D objects by ellipsoids and 2D detections by ellipses offers a convenient manner to link 2D and 3D data. However, the mathematical formalism most often used in the related litterature does not enable to easily distinguish ellipsoids and ellipses from other quadrics and conics, leading to a loss of specificity potentially detrimental in some developments. Moreover, the linearization process of the projection equation creates an over-representation of the camera parameters, also possibly causing an efficiency loss. In this paper, we therefore introduce an ellipsoid-specific theoretical framework and demonstrate its beneficial properties in the context of pose estimation. More precisely, we first show that the proposed formalism enables to reduce the ellipsoid pose estimation problem to a position or orientation-only estimation problem in which the remaining unknowns can be derived in closed-form. Then, we demonstrate that it can be further reduced to a 1 Degree-of-Freedom (1DoF) problem and provide the analytical expression of the pose as a function of that unique scalar unknown. We illustrate our theoretical considerations by visual examples. Finally, we release this work in order to contribute towards more efficient resolutions of ellipsoid-related pose estimation problems.      
### 29.Partially Relevant Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12510.pdf)
>  Current methods for text-to-video retrieval (T2VR) are trained and tested on video-captioning oriented datasets such as MSVD, MSR-VTT and VATEX. A key property of these datasets is that videos are assumed to be temporally pre-trimmed with short duration, whilst the provided captions well describe the gist of the video content. Consequently, for a given paired video and caption, the video is supposed to be fully relevant to the caption. In reality, however, as queries are not known a priori, pre-trimmed video clips may not contain sufficient content to fully meet the query. This suggests a gap between the literature and the real world. To fill the gap, we propose in this paper a novel T2VR subtask termed Partially Relevant Video Retrieval (PRVR). An untrimmed video is considered to be partially relevant w.r.t. a given textual query if it contains a moment relevant to the query. PRVR aims to retrieve such partially relevant videos from a large collection of untrimmed videos. PRVR differs from single video moment retrieval and video corpus moment retrieval, as the latter two are to retrieve moments rather than untrimmed videos. We formulate PRVR as a multiple instance learning (MIL) problem, where a video is simultaneously viewed as a bag of video clips and a bag of video frames. Clips and frames represent video content at different time scales. We propose a Multi-Scale Similarity Learning (MS-SL) network that jointly learns clip-scale and frame-scale similarities for PRVR. Extensive experiments on three datasets (TVR, ActivityNet Captions, and Charades-STA) demonstrate the viability of the proposed method. We also show that our method can be used for improving video corpus moment retrieval.      
### 30.EGFR Mutation Prediction of Lung Biopsy Images using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12506.pdf)
>  The standard diagnostic procedures for targeted therapies in lung cancer treatment involve histological subtyping and subsequent detection of key driver mutations, such as EGFR. Even though molecular profiling can uncover the driver mutation, the process is often expensive and time-consuming. Deep learning-oriented image analysis offers a more economical alternative for discovering driver mutations directly from whole slide images (WSIs). In this work, we used customized deep learning pipelines with weak supervision to identify the morphological correlates of EGFR mutation from hematoxylin and eosin-stained WSIs, in addition to detecting tumor and histologically subtyping it. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our pipeline by conducting rigorous experiments and ablation studies on two lung cancer datasets - TCGA and a private dataset from India. With our pipeline, we achieved an average area under the curve (AUC) of 0.964 for tumor detection, and 0.942 for histological subtyping between adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma on the TCGA dataset. For EGFR detection, we achieved an average AUC of 0.864 on the TCGA dataset and 0.783 on the dataset from India. Our key learning points include the following. Firstly, there is no particular advantage of using a feature extractor layers trained on histology, if one is going to fine-tune the feature extractor on the target dataset. Secondly, selecting patches with high cellularity, presumably capturing tumor regions, is not always helpful, as the sign of a disease class may be present in the tumor-adjacent stroma.      
### 31.Deformation equivariant cross-modality image synthesis with paired non-aligned training data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12491.pdf)
>  Cross-modality image synthesis is an active research topic with multiple medical clinically relevant applications. Recently, methods allowing training with paired but misaligned data have started to emerge. However, no robust and well-performing methods applicable to a wide range of real world data sets exist. In this work, we propose a generic solution to the problem of cross-modality image synthesis with paired but non-aligned data by introducing new deformation equivariance encouraging loss functions. The method consists of joint training of an image synthesis network together with separate registration networks and allows adversarial training conditioned on the input even with misaligned data. The work lowers the bar for new clinical applications by allowing effortless training of cross-modality image synthesis networks for more difficult data sets and opens up opportunities for the development of new generic learning based cross-modality registration algorithms.      
### 32.Laplacian Pyramid-like Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12484.pdf)
>  In this paper, we develop the Laplacian pyramid-like autoencoder (LPAE) by adding the Laplacian pyramid (LP) concept widely used to analyze images in Signal Processing. LPAE decomposes an image into the approximation image and the detail image in the encoder part and then tries to reconstruct the original image in the decoder part using the two components. We use LPAE for experiments on classifications and super-resolution areas. Using the detail image and the smaller-sized approximation image as inputs of a classification network, our LPAE makes the model lighter. Moreover, we show that the performance of the connected classification networks has remained substantially high. In a super-resolution area, we show that the decoder part gets a high-quality reconstruction image by setting to resemble the structure of LP. Consequently, LPAE improves the original results by combining the decoder part of the autoencoder and the super-resolution network.      
### 33.Learning From Positive and Unlabeled Data Using Observer-GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12477.pdf)
>  The problem of learning from positive and unlabeled data (A.K.A. PU learning) has been studied in a binary (i.e., positive versus negative) classification setting, where the input data consist of (1) observations from the positive class and their corresponding labels, (2) unlabeled observations from both positive and negative classes. Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been used to reduce the problem to the supervised setting with the advantage that supervised learning has state-of-the-art accuracy in classification tasks. In order to generate \textit{pseudo}-negative observations, GANs are trained on positive and unlabeled observations with a modified loss. Using both positive and \textit{pseudo}-negative observations leads to a supervised learning setting. The generation of pseudo-negative observations that are realistic enough to replace missing negative class samples is a bottleneck for current GAN-based algorithms. By including an additional classifier into the GAN architecture, we provide a novel GAN-based approach. In our suggested method, the GAN discriminator instructs the generator only to produce samples that fall into the unlabeled data distribution, while a second classifier (observer) network monitors the GAN training to: (i) prevent the generated samples from falling into the positive distribution; and (ii) learn the features that are the key distinction between the positive and negative observations. Experiments on four image datasets demonstrate that our trained observer network performs better than existing techniques in discriminating between real unseen positive and negative samples.      
### 34.Data-free Dense Depth Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12464.pdf)
>  We study data-free knowledge distillation (KD) for monocular depth estimation (MDE), which learns a lightweight network for real-world depth perception by compressing from a trained expert model under the teacher-student framework while lacking training data in the target domain. Owing to the essential difference between dense regression and image recognition, previous methods of data-free KD are not applicable to MDE. To strengthen the applicability in the real world, in this paper, we seek to apply KD with out-of-distribution simulated images. The major challenges are i) lacking prior information about object distribution of the original training data; ii) the domain shift between the real world and the simulation. To cope with the first difficulty, we apply object-wise image mixing to generate new training samples for maximally covering distributed patterns of objects in the target domain. To tackle the second difficulty, we propose to utilize a transformation network that efficiently learns to fit the simulated data to the feature distribution of the teacher model. We evaluate the proposed approach for various depth estimation models and two different datasets. As a result, our method outperforms the baseline KD by a good margin and even achieves slightly better performance with as few as $1/6$ images, demonstrating a clear superiority.      
### 35.Seg4Reg+: Consistency Learning between Spine Segmentation and Cobb Angle Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12462.pdf)
>  Automated methods for Cobb angle estimation are of high demand for scoliosis assessment. Existing methods typically calculate the Cobb angle from landmark estimation, or simply combine the low-level task (e.g., landmark detection and spine segmentation) with the Cobb angle regression task, without fully exploring the benefits from each other. In this study, we propose a novel multi-task framework, named Seg4Reg+, which jointly optimizes the segmentation and regression networks. We thoroughly investigate both local and global consistency and knowledge transfer between each other. Specifically, we propose an attention regularization module leveraging class activation maps (CAMs) from image-segmentation pairs to discover additional supervision in the regression network, and the CAMs can serve as a region-of-interest enhancement gate to facilitate the segmentation task in turn. Meanwhile, we design a novel triangle consistency learning to train the two networks jointly for global optimization. The evaluations performed on the public AASCE Challenge dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of each module and superior performance of our model to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 36.CMD: Self-supervised 3D Action Representation Learning with Cross-modal Mutual Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12448.pdf)
>  In 3D action recognition, there exists rich complementary information between skeleton modalities. Nevertheless, how to model and utilize this information remains a challenging problem for self-supervised 3D action representation learning. In this work, we formulate the cross-modal interaction as a bidirectional knowledge distillation problem. Different from classic distillation solutions that transfer the knowledge of a fixed and pre-trained teacher to the student, in this work, the knowledge is continuously updated and bidirectionally distilled between modalities. To this end, we propose a new Cross-modal Mutual Distillation (CMD) framework with the following designs. On the one hand, the neighboring similarity distribution is introduced to model the knowledge learned in each modality, where the relational information is naturally suitable for the contrastive frameworks. On the other hand, asymmetrical configurations are used for teacher and student to stabilize the distillation process and to transfer high-confidence information between modalities. By derivation, we find that the cross-modal positive mining in previous works can be regarded as a degenerated version of our CMD. We perform extensive experiments on NTU RGB+D 60, NTU RGB+D 120, and PKU-MMD II datasets. Our approach outperforms existing self-supervised methods and sets a series of new records. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/maoyunyao/CMD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 37.Detecting Mitoses with a Convolutional Neural Network for MIDOG 2022 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12437.pdf)
>  This work presents a mitosis detection method with only one vanilla Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Our approach consists of two steps: given an image, we first apply a CNN using a sliding window technique to extract patches that have mitoses; we then calculate each extracted patch's class activation map to obtain the mitosis's precise location. To increase the model generalizability, we train the CNN with a series of data augmentation techniques, a loss that copes with noise-labeled images, and an active learning strategy. Our approach achieved an F1 score of 0.7323 with an EfficientNet-b3 model in the preliminary test phase of the MIDOG 2022 challenge.      
### 38.Robust Prototypical Few-Shot Organ Segmentation with Regularized Neural-ODEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12428.pdf)
>  Despite the tremendous progress made by deep learning models in image semantic segmentation, they typically require large annotated examples, and increasing attention is being diverted to problem settings like Few-Shot Learning (FSL) where only a small amount of annotation is needed for generalisation to novel classes. This is especially seen in medical domains where dense pixel-level annotations are expensive to obtain. In this paper, we propose Regularized Prototypical Neural Ordinary Differential Equation (R-PNODE), a method that leverages intrinsic properties of Neural-ODEs, assisted and enhanced by additional cluster and consistency losses to perform Few-Shot Segmentation (FSS) of organs. R-PNODE constrains support and query features from the same classes to lie closer in the representation space thereby improving the performance over the existing Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based FSS methods. We further demonstrate that while many existing Deep CNN based methods tend to be extremely vulnerable to adversarial attacks, R-PNODE exhibits increased adversarial robustness for a wide array of these attacks. We experiment with three publicly available multi-organ segmentation datasets in both in-domain and cross-domain FSS settings to demonstrate the efficacy of our method. In addition, we perform experiments with seven commonly used adversarial attacks in various settings to demonstrate R-PNODE's robustness. R-PNODE outperforms the baselines for FSS by significant margins and also shows superior performance for a wide array of attacks varying in intensity and design.      
### 39.Arbitrary Shape Text Detection via Segmentation with Probability Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12419.pdf)
>  Arbitrary shape text detection is a challenging task due to the significantly varied sizes and aspect ratios, arbitrary orientations or shapes, inaccurate annotations, etc. Due to the scalability of pixel-level prediction, segmentation-based methods can adapt to various shape texts and hence attracted considerable attention recently. However, accurate pixel-level annotations of texts are formidable, and the existing datasets for scene text detection only provide coarse-grained boundary annotations. Consequently, numerous misclassified text pixels or background pixels inside annotations always exist, degrading the performance of segmentation-based text detection methods. Generally speaking, whether a pixel belongs to text or not is highly related to the distance with the adjacent annotation boundary. With this observation, in this paper, we propose an innovative and robust segmentation-based detection method via probability maps for accurately detecting text instances. To be concrete, we adopt a Sigmoid Alpha Function (SAF) to transfer the distances between boundaries and their inside pixels to a probability map. However, one probability map can not cover complex probability distributions well because of the uncertainty of coarse-grained text boundary annotations. Therefore, we adopt a group of probability maps computed by a series of Sigmoid Alpha Functions to describe the possible probability distributions. In addition, we propose an iterative model to learn to predict and assimilate probability maps for providing enough information to reconstruct text instances. Finally, simple region growth algorithms are adopted to aggregate probability maps to complete text instances. Experimental results demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance in terms of detection accuracy on several benchmarks.      
### 40.Parotid Gland MR Image Segmentation Based on Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12413.pdf)
>  Compared with natural images, medical images are difficult to acquire and costly to label. Contrastive learning, as an unsupervised learning method, can more effectively utilize unlabeled medical images. In this paper, we used a Transformer-based contrastive learning method and innovatively trained the contrastive learning network with transfer learning. Then, the output model was transferred to the downstream parotid segmentation task, which improved the performance of the parotid segmentation model on the test set. The improved DSC was 89.60%, MPA was 99.36%, MIoU was 85.11%, and HD was 2.98. All four metrics showed significant improvement compared to the results of using a supervised learning model as a pre-trained model for the parotid segmentation network. In addition, we found that the improvement of the segmentation network by the contrastive learning model was mainly in the encoder part, so this paper also tried to build a contrastive learning network for the decoder part and discussed the problems encountered in the process of building.      
### 41.User-Controllable Latent Transformer for StyleGAN Image Layout Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12408.pdf)
>  Latent space exploration is a technique that discovers interpretable latent directions and manipulates latent codes to edit various attributes in images generated by generative adversarial networks (GANs). However, in previous work, spatial control is limited to simple transformations (e.g., translation and rotation), and it is laborious to identify appropriate latent directions and adjust their parameters. In this paper, we tackle the problem of editing the StyleGAN image layout by annotating the image directly. To do so, we propose an interactive framework for manipulating latent codes in accordance with the user inputs. In our framework, the user annotates a StyleGAN image with locations they want to move or not and specifies a movement direction by mouse dragging. From these user inputs and initial latent codes, our latent transformer based on a transformer encoder-decoder architecture estimates the output latent codes, which are fed to the StyleGAN generator to obtain a result image. To train our latent transformer, we utilize synthetic data and pseudo-user inputs generated by off-the-shelf StyleGAN and optical flow models, without manual supervision. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations demonstrate the effectiveness of our method over existing methods.      
### 42.Few-Shot Learning Meets Transformer: Unified Query-Support Transformers for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12398.pdf)
>  Few-shot classification which aims to recognize unseen classes using very limited samples has attracted more and more attention. Usually, it is formulated as a metric learning problem. The core issue of few-shot classification is how to learn (1) consistent representations for images in both support and query sets and (2) effective metric learning for images between support and query sets. In this paper, we show that the two challenges can be well modeled simultaneously via a unified Query-Support TransFormer (QSFormer) model. To be specific,the proposed QSFormer involves global query-support sample Transformer (sampleFormer) branch and local patch Transformer (patchFormer) learning branch. sampleFormer aims to capture the dependence of samples in support and query sets for image representation. It adopts the Encoder, Decoder and Cross-Attention to respectively model the Support, Query (image) representation and Metric learning for few-shot classification task. Also, as a complementary to global learning branch, we adopt a local patch Transformer to extract structural representation for each image sample by capturing the long-range dependence of local image patches. In addition, a novel Cross-scale Interactive Feature Extractor (CIFE) is proposed to extract and fuse multi-scale CNN features as an effective backbone module for the proposed few-shot learning method. All modules are integrated into a unified framework and trained in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experiments on four popular datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed QSFormer.      
### 43.Bokeh-Loss GAN: Multi-Stage Adversarial Training for Realistic Edge-Aware Bokeh  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12343.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of monocular bokeh synthesis, where we attempt to render a shallow depth of field image from a single all-in-focus image. Unlike in DSLR cameras, this effect can not be captured directly in mobile cameras due to the physical constraints of the mobile aperture. We thus propose a network-based approach that is capable of rendering realistic monocular bokeh from single image inputs. To do this, we introduce three new edge-aware Bokeh Losses based on a predicted monocular depth map, that sharpens the foreground edges while blurring the background. This model is then finetuned using an adversarial loss to generate a realistic Bokeh effect. Experimental results show that our approach is capable of generating a pleasing, natural Bokeh effect with sharp edges while handling complicated scenes.      
### 44.2nd Place Solutions for UG2+ Challenge 2022 -- D$^{3}$Net for Mitigating Atmospheric Turbulence from Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12332.pdf)
>  This technical report briefly introduces to the D$^{3}$Net proposed by our team "TUK-IKLAB" for Atmospheric Turbulence Mitigation in $UG2^{+}$ Challenge at CVPR 2022. In the light of test and validation results on textual images to improve text recognition performance and hot-air balloon images for image enhancement, we can say that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance. Furthermore, we also provide a visual comparison with publicly available denoising, deblurring, and frame averaging methods with respect to the proposed work. The proposed method ranked 2nd on the final leader-board of the aforementioned challenge in the testing phase, respectively.      
### 45.DSR: Towards Drone Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12327.pdf)
>  Despite achieving remarkable progress in recent years, single-image super-resolution methods are developed with several limitations. Specifically, they are trained on fixed content domains with certain degradations (whether synthetic or real). The priors they learn are prone to overfitting the training configuration. Therefore, the generalization to novel domains such as drone top view data, and across altitudes, is currently unknown. Nonetheless, pairing drones with proper image super-resolution is of great value. It would enable drones to fly higher covering larger fields of view, while maintaining a high image quality. <br>To answer these questions and pave the way towards drone image super-resolution, we explore this application with particular focus on the single-image case. We propose a novel drone image dataset, with scenes captured at low and high resolutions, and across a span of altitudes. Our results show that off-the-shelf state-of-the-art networks witness a significant drop in performance on this different domain. We additionally show that simple fine-tuning, and incorporating altitude awareness into the network's architecture, both improve the reconstruction performance.      
### 46.A Deep Perceptual Measure for Lens and Camera Calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12300.pdf)
>  Image editing and compositing have become ubiquitous in entertainment, from digital art to AR and VR experiences. To produce beautiful composites, the camera needs to be geometrically calibrated, which can be tedious and requires a physical calibration target. In place of the traditional multi-images calibration process, we propose to infer the camera calibration parameters such as pitch, roll, field of view, and lens distortion directly from a single image using a deep convolutional neural network. We train this network using automatically generated samples from a large-scale panorama dataset, yielding competitive accuracy in terms of standard l2 error. However, we argue that minimizing such standard error metrics might not be optimal for many applications. In this work, we investigate human sensitivity to inaccuracies in geometric camera calibration. To this end, we conduct a large-scale human perception study where we ask participants to judge the realism of 3D objects composited with correct and biased camera calibration parameters. Based on this study, we develop a new perceptual measure for camera calibration and demonstrate that our deep calibration network outperforms previous single-image based calibration methods both on standard metrics as well as on this novel perceptual measure. Finally, we demonstrate the use of our calibration network for several applications, including virtual object insertion, image retrieval, and compositing. A demonstration of our approach is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://lvsn.github.io/deepcalib" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 47.Learning Continuous Implicit Representation for Near-Periodic Patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12278.pdf)
>  Near-Periodic Patterns (NPP) are ubiquitous in man-made scenes and are composed of tiled motifs with appearance differences caused by lighting, defects, or design elements. A good NPP representation is useful for many applications including image completion, segmentation, and geometric remapping. But representing NPP is challenging because it needs to maintain global consistency (tiled motifs layout) while preserving local variations (appearance differences). Methods trained on general scenes using a large dataset or single-image optimization struggle to satisfy these constraints, while methods that explicitly model periodicity are not robust to periodicity detection errors. To address these challenges, we learn a neural implicit representation using a coordinate-based MLP with single image optimization. We design an input feature warping module and a periodicity-guided patch loss to handle both global consistency and local variations. To further improve the robustness, we introduce a periodicity proposal module to search and use multiple candidate periodicities in our pipeline. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on more than 500 images of building facades, friezes, wallpapers, ground, and Mondrian patterns on single and multi-planar scenes.      
### 48.NeuralSI: Structural Parameter Identification in Nonlinear Dynamical Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12771.pdf)
>  Structural monitoring for complex built environments often suffers from mismatch between design, laboratory testing, and actual built parameters. Additionally, real-world structural identification problems encounter many challenges. For example, the lack of accurate baseline models, high dimensionality, and complex multivariate partial differential equations (PDEs) pose significant difficulties in training and learning conventional data-driven algorithms. This paper explores a new framework, dubbed NeuralSI, for structural identification by augmenting PDEs that govern structural dynamics with neural networks. Our approach seeks to estimate nonlinear parameters from governing equations. We consider the vibration of nonlinear beams with two unknown parameters, one that represents geometric and material variations, and another that captures energy losses in the system mainly through damping. The data for parameter estimation is obtained from a limited set of measurements, which is conducive to applications in structural health monitoring where the exact state of an existing structure is typically unknown and only a limited amount of data samples can be collected in the field. The trained model can also be extrapolated under both standard and extreme conditions using the identified structural parameters. We compare with pure data-driven Neural Networks and other classical Physics-Informed Neural Networks (PINNs). Our approach reduces both interpolation and extrapolation errors in displacement distribution by two to five orders of magnitude over the baselines. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/human-analysis/neural-structural-identification" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 49.Automatic Testing and Validation of Level of Detail Reductions Through Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12674.pdf)
>  Modern video games are rapidly growing in size and scale, and to create rich and interesting environments, a large amount of content is needed. As a consequence, often several thousands of detailed 3D assets are used to create a single scene. As each asset's polygon mesh can contain millions of polygons, the number of polygons that need to be drawn every frame may exceed several billions. Therefore, the computational resources often limit how many detailed objects that can be displayed in a scene. To push this limit and to optimize performance one can reduce the polygon count of the assets when possible. Basically, the idea is that an object at farther distance from the capturing camera, consequently with relatively smaller screen size, its polygon count may be reduced without affecting the perceived quality. Level of Detail (LOD) refers to the complexity level of a 3D model representation. The process of removing complexity is often called LOD reduction and can be done automatically with an algorithm or by hand by artists. However, this process may lead to deterioration of the visual quality if the different LODs differ significantly, or if LOD reduction transition is not seamless. Today the validation of these results is mainly done manually requiring an expert to visually inspect the results. However, this process is slow, mundane, and therefore prone to error. Herein we propose a method to automate this process based on the use of deep convolutional networks. We report promising results and envision that this method can be used to automate the process of LOD reduction testing and validation.      
### 50.TMIC: App Inventor Extension for the Deployment of Image Classification Models Exported from Teachable Machine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12637.pdf)
>  TMIC is an App Inventor extension for the deployment of ML models for image classification developed with Google Teachable Machine in educational settings. Google Teachable Machine, is an intuitive visual tool that provides workflow-oriented support for the development of ML models for image classification. Aiming at the usage of models developed with Google Teachable Machine, the extension TMIC enables the deployment of the trained models exported as TensorFlow.js to Google Cloud as part of App Inventor, one of the most popular block-based programming environments for teaching computing in K-12. The extension was created with the App Inventor extension framework based on the extension PIC and is available under the BSD 3 license. It can be used for teaching ML in K-12, in introductory courses in higher education or by anyone interested in creating intelligent apps with image classification. The extension TMIC is being developed by the initiative Computao na Escola of the Department of Informatics and Statistics at the Federal University of Santa Catarina/Brazil as part of a research effort aiming at introducing AI education in K-12.      
### 51.A Two Step Approach for Whole Slide Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12635.pdf)
>  Multi-stain whole-slide-image (WSI) registration is an active field of research. It is unclear, however, how the current WSI registration methods would perform on a real-world data set. AutomatiC Registration Of Breast cAncer Tissue (ACROBAT) challenge is held to verify the performance of the current WSI registration methods by using a new dataset that originates from routine diagnostics to assess real-world applicability. In this report, we present our solution for the ACROBAT challenge. We employ a two-step approach including rigid and non-rigid transforms. The experimental results show that the median 90th percentile is 1,250 um for the validation dataset.      
### 52.Take One Gram of Neural Features, Get Enhanced Group Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12625.pdf)
>  Predictive performance of machine learning models trained with empirical risk minimization (ERM) can degrade considerably under distribution shifts. The presence of spurious correlations in training datasets leads ERM-trained models to display high loss when evaluated on minority groups not presenting such correlations. Extensive attempts have been made to develop methods improving worst-group robustness. However, they require group information for each training input or at least, a validation set with group labels to tune their hyperparameters, which may be expensive to get or unknown a priori. In this paper, we address the challenge of improving group robustness without group annotation during training or validation. To this end, we propose to partition the training dataset into groups based on Gram matrices of features extracted by an ``identification'' model and to apply robust optimization based on these pseudo-groups. In the realistic context where no group labels are available, our experiments show that our approach not only improves group robustness over ERM but also outperforms all recent baselines      
### 53.AiM: Taking Answers in Mind to Correct Chinese Cloze Tests in Educational Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12505.pdf)
>  To automatically correct handwritten assignments, the traditional approach is to use an OCR model to recognize characters and compare them to answers. The OCR model easily gets confused on recognizing handwritten Chinese characters, and the textual information of the answers is missing during the model inference. However, teachers always have these answers in mind to review and correct assignments. In this paper, we focus on the Chinese cloze tests correction and propose a multimodal approach (named AiM). The encoded representations of answers interact with the visual information of students' handwriting. Instead of predicting 'right' or 'wrong', we perform the sequence labeling on the answer text to infer which answer character differs from the handwritten content in a fine-grained way. We take samples of OCR datasets as the positive samples for this task, and develop a negative sample augmentation method to scale up the training data. Experimental results show that AiM outperforms OCR-based methods by a large margin. Extensive studies demonstrate the effectiveness of our multimodal approach.      
### 54.GHN-Q: Parameter Prediction for Unseen Quantized Convolutional Architectures via Graph Hypernetworks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12489.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural network (CNN) training via iterative optimization has had incredible success in finding optimal parameters. However, modern CNN architectures often contain millions of parameters. Thus, any given model for a single architecture resides in a massive parameter space. Models with similar loss could have drastically different characteristics such as adversarial robustness, generalizability, and quantization robustness. For deep learning on the edge, quantization robustness is often crucial. Finding a model that is quantization-robust can sometimes require significant efforts. Recent works using Graph Hypernetworks (GHN) have shown remarkable performance predicting high-performant parameters of varying CNN architectures. Inspired by these successes, we wonder if the graph representations of GHN-2 can be leveraged to predict quantization-robust parameters as well, which we call GHN-Q. We conduct the first-ever study exploring the use of graph hypernetworks for predicting parameters of unseen quantized CNN architectures. We focus on a reduced CNN search space and find that GHN-Q can in fact predict quantization-robust parameters for various 8-bit quantized CNNs. Decent quantized accuracies are observed even with 4-bit quantization despite GHN-Q not being trained on it. Quantized finetuning of GHN-Q at lower bitwidths may bring further improvements and is currently being explored.      
### 55.Nuclei &amp; Glands Instance Segmentation in Histology Images: A Narrative Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12460.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation of nuclei and glands in the histology images is an important step in computational pathology workflow for cancer diagnosis, treatment planning and survival analysis. With the advent of modern hardware, the recent availability of large-scale quality public datasets and the community organized grand challenges have seen a surge in automated methods focusing on domain specific challenges, which is pivotal for technology advancements and clinical translation. In this survey, 126 papers illustrating the AI based methods for nuclei and glands instance segmentation published in the last five years (2017-2022) are deeply analyzed, the limitations of current approaches and the open challenges are discussed. Moreover, the potential future research direction is presented and the contribution of state-of-the-art methods is summarized. Further, a generalized summary of publicly available datasets and a detailed insights on the grand challenges illustrating the top performing methods specific to each challenge is also provided. Besides, we intended to give the reader current state of existing research and pointers to the future directions in developing methods that can be used in clinical practice enabling improved diagnosis, grading, prognosis, and treatment planning of cancer. To the best of our knowledge, no previous work has reviewed the instance segmentation in histology images focusing towards this direction.      
### 56.Using Atom-Like Local Image Features to Study Human Genetics and Neuroanatomy in Large Sets of 3D Medical Image Volumes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12361.pdf)
>  The contributions of this thesis stem from technology developed to analyse large sets of volumetric images in terms of atom-like features extracted in 3D image space, following SIFT algorithm in 2D image space. New feature properties are introduced including a binary feature sign, analogous to an electrical charge, and a discrete set of symmetric feature orientation states in 3D space. These new properties are leveraged to extend feature invariance to include the sign inversion and parity (SP) transform, analogous to the charge conjugation and parity (CP) transform between a particle and its antiparticle in quantum mechanics, thereby accounting for local intensity contrast inversion between imaging modalities and axis reflections due to shape symmetry. A novel exponential kernel is proposed to quantify the similarity of a pair of features extracted in different images from their properties including location, scale, orientation, sign and appearance. A novel measure entitled the soft Jaccard is proposed to quantify the similarity of a pair of feature sets based on their overlap or intersection-over-union, where a kernel establishes non-binary or soft equivalence between a pair of feature elements. The soft Jaccard may be used to identify pairs of feature sets extracted from the same individuals or families with high accuracy, and a simple distance threshold led to the surprising discovery of previously unknown individual and family labeling errors in major public neuroimage datasets. A new algorithm is proposed to register or spatially align a pair of feature sets, entitled SIFT Coherent Point Drift (SIFT-CPD), by identifying a transform that maximizes the soft Jaccard between a fixed feature set and a transformed set. SIFT-CPD achieves faster and more accurate registration than the original CPD algorithm based on feature location information alone, in a variety of challenging.      
### 57.Image Reconstruction by Splitting Expectation Propagation Techniques from Iterative Inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12340.pdf)
>  Reconstructing images from downsampled and noisy measurements, such as MRI and low dose Computed Tomography (CT), is a mathematically ill-posed inverse problem. We propose an easy-to-use reconstruction method based on Expectation Propagation (EP) techniques. We incorporate the Monte Carlo (MC) method, Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC), and Alternating Direction Method of Multiplier (ADMM) algorithm into EP method to address the intractability issue encountered in EP. We demonstrate the approach on complex Bayesian models for image reconstruction. Our technique is applied to images from Gamma-camera scans. We compare EPMC, EP-MCMC, EP-ADMM methods with MCMC only. The metrics are the better image reconstruction, speed, and parameters estimation. Experiments with Gamma-camera imaging in real and simulated data show that our proposed method is convincingly less computationally expensive than MCMC and produces relatively a better image reconstruction.      
### 58.Multimedia Generative Script Learning for Task Planning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.12306.pdf)
>  Goal-oriented generative script learning aims to generate subsequent steps based on a goal, which is an essential task to assist robots in performing stereotypical activities of daily life. We show that the performance of this task can be improved if historical states are not just captured by the linguistic instructions given to people, but are augmented with the additional information provided by accompanying images. Therefore, we propose a new task, Multimedia Generative Script Learning, to generate subsequent steps by tracking historical states in both text and vision modalities, as well as presenting the first benchmark containing 2,338 tasks and 31,496 steps with descriptive images. We aim to generate scripts that are visual-state trackable, inductive for unseen tasks, and diverse in their individual steps. We propose to encode visual state changes through a multimedia selective encoder, transferring knowledge from previously observed tasks using a retrieval-augmented decoder, and presenting the distinct information at each step by optimizing a diversity-oriented contrastive learning objective. We define metrics to evaluate both generation quality and inductive quality. Experiment results demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms strong baselines.      
