# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 24 Dec 2021
### 1.ELSA: Enhanced Local Self-Attention for Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12786.pdf)
>  Self-attention is powerful in modeling long-range dependencies, but it is weak in local finer-level feature learning. The performance of local self-attention (LSA) is just on par with convolution and inferior to dynamic filters, which puzzles researchers on whether to use LSA or its counterparts, which one is better, and what makes LSA mediocre. To clarify these, we comprehensively investigate LSA and its counterparts from two sides: \emph{channel setting} and \emph{spatial processing}. We find that the devil lies in the generation and application of spatial attention, where relative position embeddings and the neighboring filter application are key factors. Based on these findings, we propose the enhanced local self-attention (ELSA) with Hadamard attention and the ghost head. Hadamard attention introduces the Hadamard product to efficiently generate attention in the neighboring case, while maintaining the high-order mapping. The ghost head combines attention maps with static matrices to increase channel capacity. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of ELSA. Without architecture / hyperparameter modification, drop-in replacing LSA with ELSA boosts Swin Transformer \cite{swin} by up to +1.4 on top-1 accuracy. ELSA also consistently benefits VOLO \cite{volo} from D1 to D5, where ELSA-VOLO-D5 achieves 87.2 on the ImageNet-1K without extra training images. In addition, we evaluate ELSA in downstream tasks. ELSA significantly improves the baseline by up to +1.9 box Ap / +1.3 mask Ap on the COCO, and by up to +1.9 mIoU on the ADE20K. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/damo-cv/ELSA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 2.NinjaDesc: Content-Concealing Visual Descriptors via Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12785.pdf)
>  In the light of recent analyses on privacy-concerning scene revelation from visual descriptors, we develop descriptors that conceal the input image content. In particular, we propose an adversarial learning framework for training visual descriptors that prevent image reconstruction, while maintaining the matching accuracy. We let a feature encoding network and image reconstruction network compete with each other, such that the feature encoder tries to impede the image reconstruction with its generated descriptors, while the reconstructor tries to recover the input image from the descriptors. The experimental results demonstrate that the visual descriptors obtained with our method significantly deteriorate the image reconstruction quality with minimal impact on correspondence matching and camera localization performance.      
### 3.SeMask: Semantically Masked Transformers for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12782.pdf)
>  Finetuning a pretrained backbone in the encoder part of an image transformer network has been the traditional approach for the semantic segmentation task. However, such an approach leaves out the semantic context that an image provides during the encoding stage. This paper argues that incorporating semantic information of the image into pretrained hierarchical transformer-based backbones while finetuning improves the performance considerably. To achieve this, we propose SeMask, a simple and effective framework that incorporates semantic information into the encoder with the help of a semantic attention operation. In addition, we use a lightweight semantic decoder during training to provide supervision to the intermediate semantic prior maps at every stage. Our experiments demonstrate that incorporating semantic priors enhances the performance of the established hierarchical encoders with a slight increase in the number of FLOPs. We provide empirical proof by integrating SeMask into each variant of the Swin-Transformer as our encoder paired with different decoders. Our framework achieves a new state-of-the-art of 58.22% mIoU on the ADE20K dataset and improvements of over 3% in the mIoU metric on the Cityscapes dataset. The code and checkpoints are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Picsart-AI-Research/SeMask-Segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 4.Cross Modal Retrieval with Querybank Normalisation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12777.pdf)
>  Profiting from large-scale training datasets, advances in neural architecture design and efficient inference, joint embeddings have become the dominant approach for tackling cross-modal retrieval. In this work we first show that, despite their effectiveness, state-of-the-art joint embeddings suffer significantly from the longstanding hubness problem in which a small number of gallery embeddings form the nearest neighbours of many queries. Drawing inspiration from the NLP literature, we formulate a simple but effective framework called Querybank Normalisation (QB-Norm) that re-normalises query similarities to account for hubs in the embedding space. QB-Norm improves retrieval performance without requiring retraining. Differently from prior work, we show that QB-Norm works effectively without concurrent access to any test set queries. Within the QB-Norm framework, we also propose a novel similarity normalisation method, the Dynamic Inverted Softmax, that is significantly more robust than existing approaches. We showcase QB-Norm across a range of cross modal retrieval models and benchmarks where it consistently enhances strong baselines beyond the state of the art. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vladbogo.github.io/QB-Norm/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.BANMo: Building Animatable 3D Neural Models from Many Casual Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12761.pdf)
>  Prior work for articulated 3D shape reconstruction often relies on specialized sensors (e.g., synchronized multi-camera systems), or pre-built 3D deformable models (e.g., SMAL or SMPL). Such methods are not able to scale to diverse sets of objects in the wild. We present BANMo, a method that requires neither a specialized sensor nor a pre-defined template shape. BANMo builds high-fidelity, articulated 3D models (including shape and animatable skinning weights) from many monocular casual videos in a differentiable rendering framework. While the use of many videos provides more coverage of camera views and object articulations, they introduce significant challenges in establishing correspondence across scenes with different backgrounds, illumination conditions, etc. Our key insight is to merge three schools of thought; (1) classic deformable shape models that make use of articulated bones and blend skinning, (2) volumetric neural radiance fields (NeRFs) that are amenable to gradient-based optimization, and (3) canonical embeddings that generate correspondences between pixels and an articulated model. We introduce neural blend skinning models that allow for differentiable and invertible articulated deformations. When combined with canonical embeddings, such models allow us to establish dense correspondences across videos that can be self-supervised with cycle consistency. On real and synthetic datasets, BANMo shows higher-fidelity 3D reconstructions than prior works for humans and animals, with the ability to render realistic images from novel viewpoints and poses. Project webpage: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://banmo-www.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> .      
### 6.SLIP: Self-supervision meets Language-Image Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12750.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown that self-supervised pre-training leads to improvements over supervised learning on challenging visual recognition tasks. CLIP, an exciting new approach to learning with language supervision, demonstrates promising performance on a wide variety of benchmarks. In this work, we explore whether self-supervised learning can aid in the use of language supervision for visual representation learning. We introduce SLIP, a multi-task learning framework for combining self-supervised learning and CLIP pre-training. After pre-training with Vision Transformers, we thoroughly evaluate representation quality and compare performance to both CLIP and self-supervised learning under three distinct settings: zero-shot transfer, linear classification, and end-to-end finetuning. Across ImageNet and a battery of additional datasets, we find that SLIP improves accuracy by a large margin. We validate our results further with experiments on different model sizes, training schedules, and pre-training datasets. Our findings show that SLIP enjoys the best of both worlds: better performance than self-supervision (+8.1% linear accuracy) and language supervision (+5.2% zero-shot accuracy).      
### 7.Assessing the Impact of Attention and Self-Attention Mechanisms on the Classification of Skin Lesions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12748.pdf)
>  Attention mechanisms have raised significant interest in the research community, since they promise significant improvements in the performance of neural network architectures. However, in any specific problem, we still lack a principled way to choose specific mechanisms and hyper-parameters that lead to guaranteed improvements. More recently, self-attention has been proposed and widely used in transformer-like architectures, leading to significant breakthroughs in some applications. In this work we focus on two forms of attention mechanisms: attention modules and self-attention. Attention modules are used to reweight the features of each layer input tensor. Different modules have different ways to perform this reweighting in fully connected or convolutional layers. The attention models studied are completely modular and in this work they will be used with the popular ResNet architecture. Self-Attention, originally proposed in the area of Natural Language Processing makes it possible to relate all the items in an input sequence. Self-Attention is becoming increasingly popular in Computer Vision, where it is sometimes combined with convolutional layers, although some recent architectures do away entirely with convolutions. In this work, we study and perform an objective comparison of a number of different attention mechanisms in a specific computer vision task, the classification of samples in the widely used Skin Cancer MNIST dataset. The results show that attention modules do sometimes improve the performance of convolutional neural network architectures, but also that this improvement, although noticeable and statistically significant, is not consistent in different settings. The results obtained with self-attention mechanisms, on the other hand, show consistent and significant improvements, leading to the best results even in architectures with a reduced number of parameters.      
### 8.Digital Editions as Distant Supervision for Layout Analysis of Printed Books  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12703.pdf)
>  Archivists, textual scholars, and historians often produce digital editions of historical documents. Using markup schemes such as those of the Text Encoding Initiative and EpiDoc, these digital editions often record documents' semantic regions (such as notes and figures) and physical features (such as page and line breaks) as well as transcribing their textual content. We describe methods for exploiting this semantic markup as distant supervision for training and evaluating layout analysis models. In experiments with several model architectures on the half-million pages of the Deutsches Textarchiv (DTA), we find a high correlation of these region-level evaluation methods with pixel-level and word-level metrics. We discuss the possibilities for improving accuracy with self-training and the ability of models trained on the DTA to generalize to other historical printed books.      
### 9.TagLab: A human-centric AI system for interactive semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12702.pdf)
>  Fully automatic semantic segmentation of highly specific semantic classes and complex shapes may not meet the accuracy standards demanded by scientists. In such cases, human-centered AI solutions, able to assist operators while preserving human control over complex tasks, are a good trade-off to speed up image labeling while maintaining high accuracy levels. TagLab is an open-source AI-assisted software for annotating large orthoimages which takes advantage of different degrees of automation; it speeds up image annotation from scratch through assisted tools, creates custom fully automatic semantic segmentation models, and, finally, allows the quick edits of automatic predictions. Since the orthoimages analysis applies to several scientific disciplines, TagLab has been designed with a flexible labeling pipeline. We report our results in two different scenarios, marine ecology, and architectural heritage.      
### 10.3D Skeleton-based Few-shot Action Recognition with JEANIE is not so Naïve  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12668.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a Few-shot Learning pipeline for 3D skeleton-based action recognition by Joint tEmporal and cAmera viewpoiNt alIgnmEnt (JEANIE). To factor out misalignment between query and support sequences of 3D body joints, we propose an advanced variant of Dynamic Time Warping which jointly models each smooth path between the query and support frames to achieve simultaneously the best alignment in the temporal and simulated camera viewpoint spaces for end-to-end learning under the limited few-shot training data. Sequences are encoded with a temporal block encoder based on Simple Spectral Graph Convolution, a lightweight linear Graph Neural Network backbone (we also include a setting with a transformer). Finally, we propose a similarity-based loss which encourages the alignment of sequences of the same class while preventing the alignment of unrelated sequences. We demonstrate state-of-the-art results on NTU-60, NTU-120, Kinetics-skeleton and UWA3D Multiview Activity II.      
### 11.Comparison and Analysis of Image-to-Image Generative Adversarial Networks: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12625.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have recently introduced effective methods of performing Image-to-Image translations. These models can be applied and generalized to a variety of domains in Image-to-Image translation without changing any parameters. In this paper, we survey and analyze eight Image-to-Image Generative Adversarial Networks: Pix2Px, CycleGAN, CoGAN, StarGAN, MUNIT, StarGAN2, DA-GAN, and Self Attention GAN. Each of these models presented state-of-the-art results and introduced new techniques to build Image-to-Image GANs. In addition to a survey of the models, we also survey the 18 datasets they were trained on and the 9 metrics they were evaluated on. Finally, we present results of a controlled experiment for 6 of these models on a common set of metrics and datasets. The results were mixed and showed that on certain datasets, tasks, and metrics some models outperformed others. The last section of this paper discusses those results and establishes areas of future research. As researchers continue to innovate new Image-to-Image GANs, it is important that they gain a good understanding of the existing methods, datasets, and metrics. This paper provides a comprehensive overview and discussion to help build this foundation.      
### 12.Manifold Learning Benefits GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12618.pdf)
>  In this paper, we improve Generative Adversarial Networks by incorporating a manifold learning step into the discriminator. We consider locality-constrained linear and subspace-based manifolds, and locality-constrained non-linear manifolds. In our design, the manifold learning and coding steps are intertwined with layers of the discriminator, with the goal of attracting intermediate feature representations onto manifolds. We adaptively balance the discrepancy between feature representations and their manifold view, which represents a trade-off between denoising on the manifold and refining the manifold. We conclude that locality-constrained non-linear manifolds have the upper hand over linear manifolds due to their non-uniform density and smoothness. We show substantial improvements over different recent state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 13.PandaSet: Advanced Sensor Suite Dataset for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12610.pdf)
>  The accelerating development of autonomous driving technology has placed greater demands on obtaining large amounts of high-quality data. Representative, labeled, real world data serves as the fuel for training deep learning networks, critical for improving self-driving perception algorithms. In this paper, we introduce PandaSet, the first dataset produced by a complete, high-precision autonomous vehicle sensor kit with a no-cost commercial license. The dataset was collected using one 360° mechanical spinning LiDAR, one forward-facing, long-range LiDAR, and 6 cameras. The dataset contains more than 100 scenes, each of which is 8 seconds long, and provides 28 types of labels for object classification and 37 types of labels for semantic segmentation. We provide baselines for LiDAR-only 3D object detection, LiDAR-camera fusion 3D object detection and LiDAR point cloud segmentation. For more details about PandaSet and the development kit, see <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://scale.com/open-datasets/pandaset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Towards Universal GAN Image Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12606.pdf)
>  The ever higher quality and wide diffusion of fake images have spawn a quest for reliable forensic tools. Many GAN image detectors have been proposed, recently. In real world scenarios, however, most of them show limited robustness and generalization ability. Moreover, they often rely on side information not available at test time, that is, they are not universal. We investigate these problems and propose a new GAN image detector based on a limited sub-sampling architecture and a suitable contrastive learning paradigm. Experiments carried out in challenging conditions prove the proposed method to be a first step towards universal GAN image detection, ensuring also good robustness to common image impairments, and good generalization to unseen architectures.      
### 15.Data-efficient learning for 3D mirror symmetry detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12579.pdf)
>  We introduce a geometry-inspired deep learning method for detecting 3D mirror plane from single-view images. We reduce the demand for massive training data by explicitly adding 3D mirror geometry into learning as an inductive prior. We extract semantic features, calculate intra-pixel correlations, and build a 3D correlation volume for each plane. The correlation volume indicates the extent to which the input resembles its mirrors at various depth, allowing us to identify the likelihood of the given plane being a mirror plane. Subsequently, we treat the correlation volumes as feature descriptors for sampled planes and map them to a unit hemisphere where the normal of sampled planes lies. Lastly, we design multi-stage spherical convolutions to identify the optimal mirror plane in a coarse-to-fine manner. Experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets show the benefit of 3D mirror geometry in improving data efficiency and inference speed (up to 25 FPS).      
### 16.NVS-MonoDepth: Improving Monocular Depth Prediction with Novel View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12577.pdf)
>  Building upon the recent progress in novel view synthesis, we propose its application to improve monocular depth estimation. In particular, we propose a novel training method split in three main steps. First, the prediction results of a monocular depth network are warped to an additional view point. Second, we apply an additional image synthesis network, which corrects and improves the quality of the warped RGB image. The output of this network is required to look as similar as possible to the ground-truth view by minimizing the pixel-wise RGB reconstruction error. Third, we reapply the same monocular depth estimation onto the synthesized second view point and ensure that the depth predictions are consistent with the associated ground truth depth. Experimental results prove that our method achieves state-of-the-art or comparable performance on the KITTI and NYU-Depth-v2 datasets with a lightweight and simple vanilla U-Net architecture.      
### 17.Boosting Generative Zero-Shot Learning by Synthesizing Diverse Features with Attribute Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12573.pdf)
>  The recent advance in deep generative models outlines a promising perspective in the realm of Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL). Most generative ZSL methods use category semantic attributes plus a Gaussian noise to generate visual features. After generating unseen samples, this family of approaches effectively transforms the ZSL problem into a supervised classification scheme. However, the existing models use a single semantic attribute, which contains the complete attribute information of the category. The generated data also carry the complete attribute information, but in reality, visual samples usually have limited attributes. Therefore, the generated data from attribute could have incomplete semantics. Based on this fact, we propose a novel framework to boost ZSL by synthesizing diverse features. This method uses augmented semantic attributes to train the generative model, so as to simulate the real distribution of visual features. We evaluate the proposed model on four benchmark datasets, observing significant performance improvement against the state-of-the-art.      
### 18.FourierMask: Instance Segmentation using Fourier Mapping in Implicit Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12535.pdf)
>  We present FourierMask, which employs Fourier series combined with implicit neural representations to generate instance segmentation masks. We apply a Fourier mapping (FM) to the coordinate locations and utilize the mapped features as inputs to an implicit representation (coordinate-based multi-layer perceptron (MLP)). FourierMask learns to predict the coefficients of the FM for a particular instance, and therefore adapts the FM to a specific object. This allows FourierMask to be generalized to predict instance segmentation masks from natural images. Since implicit functions are continuous in the domain of input coordinates, we illustrate that by sub-sampling the input pixel coordinates, we can generate higher resolution masks during inference. Furthermore, we train a renderer MLP (FourierRend) on the uncertain predictions of FourierMask and illustrate that it significantly improves the quality of the masks. FourierMask shows competitive results on the MS COCO dataset compared to the baseline Mask R-CNN at the same output resolution and surpasses it on higher resolution.      
### 19.Attentive Multi-View Deep Subspace Clustering Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12506.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel Attentive Multi-View Deep Subspace Nets (AMVDSN), which deeply explores underlying consistent and view-specific information from multiple views and fuse them by considering each view's dynamic contribution obtained by attention mechanism. Unlike most multi-view subspace learning methods that they directly reconstruct data points on raw data or only consider consistency or complementarity when learning representation in deep or shallow space, our proposed method seeks to find a joint latent representation that explicitly considers both consensus and view-specific information among multiple views, and then performs subspace clustering on learned joint latent representation.Besides, different views contribute differently to representation learning, we therefore introduce attention mechanism to derive dynamic weight for each view, which performs much better than previous fusion methods in the field of multi-view subspace clustering. The proposed algorithm is intuitive and can be easily optimized just by using Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) because of the neural network framework, which also provides strong non-linear characterization capability compared with traditional subspace clustering approaches. The experimental results on seven real-world data sets have demonstrated the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm against some state-of-the-art subspace learning approaches.      
### 20.FedFR: Joint Optimization Federated Framework for Generic and Personalized Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12496.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art deep learning based face recognition (FR) models require a large number of face identities for central training. However, due to the growing privacy awareness, it is prohibited to access the face images on user devices to continually improve face recognition models. Federated Learning (FL) is a technique to address the privacy issue, which can collaboratively optimize the model without sharing the data between clients. In this work, we propose a FL based framework called FedFR to improve the generic face representation in a privacy-aware manner. Besides, the framework jointly optimizes personalized models for the corresponding clients via the proposed Decoupled Feature Customization module. The client-specific personalized model can serve the need of optimized face recognition experience for registered identities at the local device. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to explore the personalized face recognition in FL setup. The proposed framework is validated to be superior to previous approaches on several generic and personalized face recognition benchmarks with diverse FL scenarios. The source codes and our proposed personalized FR benchmark under FL setup are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jackie840129/FedFR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.LaTr: Layout-Aware Transformer for Scene-Text VQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12494.pdf)
>  We propose a novel multimodal architecture for Scene Text Visual Question Answering (STVQA), named Layout-Aware Transformer (LaTr). The task of STVQA requires models to reason over different modalities. Thus, we first investigate the impact of each modality, and reveal the importance of the language module, especially when enriched with layout information. Accounting for this, we propose a single objective pre-training scheme that requires only text and spatial cues. We show that applying this pre-training scheme on scanned documents has certain advantages over using natural images, despite the domain gap. Scanned documents are easy to procure, text-dense and have a variety of layouts, helping the model learn various spatial cues (e.g. left-of, below etc.) by tying together language and layout information. Compared to existing approaches, our method performs vocabulary-free decoding and, as shown, generalizes well beyond the training vocabulary. We further demonstrate that LaTr improves robustness towards OCR errors, a common reason for failure cases in STVQA. In addition, by leveraging a vision transformer, we eliminate the need for an external object detector. LaTr outperforms state-of-the-art STVQA methods on multiple datasets. In particular, +7.6% on TextVQA, +10.8% on ST-VQA and +4.0% on OCR-VQA (all absolute accuracy numbers).      
### 22.Pose Adaptive Dual Mixup for Few-Shot Single-View 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12484.pdf)
>  We present a pose adaptive few-shot learning procedure and a two-stage data interpolation regularization, termed Pose Adaptive Dual Mixup (PADMix), for single-image 3D reconstruction. While augmentations via interpolating feature-label pairs are effective in classification tasks, they fall short in shape predictions potentially due to inconsistencies between interpolated products of two images and volumes when rendering viewpoints are unknown. PADMix targets this issue with two sets of mixup procedures performed sequentially. We first perform an input mixup which, combined with a pose adaptive learning procedure, is helpful in learning 2D feature extraction and pose adaptive latent encoding. The stagewise training allows us to build upon the pose invariant representations to perform a follow-up latent mixup under one-to-one correspondences between features and ground-truth volumes. PADMix significantly outperforms previous literature on few-shot settings over the ShapeNet dataset and sets new benchmarks on the more challenging real-world Pix3D dataset.      
### 23.Your Face Mirrors Your Deepest Beliefs-Predicting Personality and Morals through Facial Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12455.pdf)
>  Can we really "read the mind in the eyes"? Moreover, can AI assist us in this task? This paper answers these two questions by introducing a machine learning system that predicts personality characteristics of individuals on the basis of their face. It does so by tracking the emotional response of the individual's face through facial emotion recognition (FER) while watching a series of 15 short videos of different genres. To calibrate the system, we invited 85 people to watch the videos, while their emotional responses were analyzed through their facial expression. At the same time, these individuals also took four well-validated surveys of personality characteristics and moral values: the revised NEO FFI personality inventory, the Haidt moral foundations test, the Schwartz personal value system, and the domain-specific risk-taking scale (DOSPERT). We found that personality characteristics and moral values of an individual can be predicted through their emotional response to the videos as shown in their face, with an accuracy of up to 86% using gradient-boosted trees. We also found that different personality characteristics are better predicted by different videos, in other words, there is no single video that will provide accurate predictions for all personality characteristics, but it is the response to the mix of different videos that allows for accurate prediction.      
### 24.InstaIndoor and Multi-modal Deep Learning for Indoor Scene Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12409.pdf)
>  Indoor scene recognition is a growing field with great potential for behaviour understanding, robot localization, and elderly monitoring, among others. In this study, we approach the task of scene recognition from a novel standpoint, using multi-modal learning and video data gathered from social media. The accessibility and variety of social media videos can provide realistic data for modern scene recognition techniques and applications. We propose a model based on fusion of transcribed speech to text and visual features, which is used for classification on a novel dataset of social media videos of indoor scenes named InstaIndoor. Our model achieves up to 70% accuracy and 0.7 F1-Score. Furthermore, we highlight the potential of our approach by benchmarking on a YouTube-8M subset of indoor scenes as well, where it achieves 74% accuracy and 0.74 F1-Score. We hope the contributions of this work pave the way to novel research in the challenging field of indoor scene recognition.      
### 25.Iteratively Selecting an Easy Reference Frame Makes Unsupervised Video Object Segmentation Easier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12402.pdf)
>  Unsupervised video object segmentation (UVOS) is a per-pixel binary labeling problem which aims at separating the foreground object from the background in the video without using the ground truth (GT) mask of the foreground object. Most of the previous UVOS models use the first frame or the entire video as a reference frame to specify the mask of the foreground object. Our question is why the first frame should be selected as a reference frame or why the entire video should be used to specify the mask. We believe that we can select a better reference frame to achieve the better UVOS performance than using only the first frame or the entire video as a reference frame. In our paper, we propose Easy Frame Selector (EFS). The EFS enables us to select an 'easy' reference frame that makes the subsequent VOS become easy, thereby improving the VOS performance. Furthermore, we propose a new framework named as Iterative Mask Prediction (IMP). In the framework, we repeat applying EFS to the given video and selecting an 'easier' reference frame from the video than the previous iteration, increasing the VOS performance incrementally. The IMP consists of EFS, Bi-directional Mask Prediction (BMP), and Temporal Information Updating (TIU). From the proposed framework, we achieve state-of-the-art performance in three UVOS benchmark sets: DAVIS16, FBMS, and SegTrack-V2.      
### 26.DD-NeRF: Double-Diffusion Neural Radiance Field as a Generalizable Implicit Body Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12390.pdf)
>  We present DD-NeRF, a novel generalizable implicit field for representing human body geometry and appearance from arbitrary input views. The core contribution is a double diffusion mechanism, which leverages the sparse convolutional neural network to build two volumes that represent a human body at different levels: a coarse body volume takes advantage of unclothed deformable mesh to provide the large-scale geometric guidance, and a detail feature volume learns the intricate geometry from local image features. We also employ a transformer network to aggregate image features and raw pixels across views, for computing the final high-fidelity radiance field. Experiments on various datasets show that the proposed approach outperforms previous works in both geometry reconstruction and novel view synthesis quality.      
### 27.DILF-EN framework for Class-Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12385.pdf)
>  Deep learning models suffer from catastrophic forgetting of the classes in the older phases as they get trained on the classes introduced in the new phase in the class-incremental learning setting. In this work, we show that the effect of catastrophic forgetting on the model prediction varies with the change in orientation of the same image, which is a novel finding. Based on this, we propose a novel data-ensemble approach that combines the predictions for the different orientations of the image to help the model retain further information regarding the previously seen classes and thereby reduce the effect of forgetting on the model predictions. However, we cannot directly use the data-ensemble approach if the model is trained using traditional techniques. Therefore, we also propose a novel dual-incremental learning framework that involves jointly training the network with two incremental learning objectives, i.e., the class-incremental learning objective and our proposed data-incremental learning objective. In the dual-incremental learning framework, each image belongs to two classes, i.e., the image class (for class-incremental learning) and the orientation class (for data-incremental learning). In class-incremental learning, each new phase introduces a new set of classes, and the model cannot access the complete training data from the older phases. In our proposed data-incremental learning, the orientation classes remain the same across all the phases, and the data introduced by the new phase in class-incremental learning acts as new training data for these orientation classes. We empirically demonstrate that the dual-incremental learning framework is vital to the data-ensemble approach. We apply our proposed approach to state-of-the-art class-incremental learning methods and empirically show that our framework significantly improves the performance of these methods.      
### 28.Dual Path Structural Contrastive Embeddings for Learning Novel Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12359.pdf)
>  Learning novel classes from a very few labeled samples has attracted increasing attention in machine learning areas. Recent research on either meta-learning based or transfer-learning based paradigm demonstrates that gaining information on a good feature space can be an effective solution to achieve favorable performance on few-shot tasks. In this paper, we propose a simple but effective paradigm that decouples the tasks of learning feature representations and classifiers and only learns the feature embedding architecture from base classes via the typical transfer-learning training strategy. To maintain both the generalization ability across base and novel classes and discrimination ability within each class, we propose a dual path feature learning scheme that effectively combines structural similarity with contrastive feature construction. In this way, both inner-class alignment and inter-class uniformity can be well balanced, and result in improved performance. Experiments on three popular benchmarks show that when incorporated with a simple prototype based classifier, our method can still achieve promising results for both standard and generalized few-shot problems in either an inductive or transductive inference setting.      
### 29.A Random Point Initialization Approach to Image Segmentation with Variational Level-sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12355.pdf)
>  Image segmentation is an essential component in many image processing and computer vision tasks. The primary goal of image segmentation is to simplify an image for easier analysis, and there are two broad approaches for achieving this: edge based methods, which extract the boundaries of specific known objects, and region based methods, which partition the image into regions that are statistically homogeneous. One of the more prominent edge finding methods, known as the level set method, evolves a zero-level contour in the image plane with gradient descent until the contour has converged to the object boundaries. While the classical level set method and its variants have proved successful in segmenting real images, they are susceptible to becoming stuck in noisy regions of the image plane without a priori knowledge of the image and they are unable to provide details beyond object outer boundary locations. We propose a modification to the variational level set image segmentation method that can quickly detect object boundaries by making use of random point initialization. We demonstrate the efficacy of our approach by comparing the performance of our method on real images to that of the prominent Canny Method.      
### 30.Learning Hierarchical Attention for Weakly-supervised Chest X-Ray Abnormality Localization and Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12349.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of abnormality localization for clinical applications. While deep learning has driven much recent progress in medical imaging, many clinical challenges are not fully addressed, limiting its broader usage. While recent methods report high diagnostic accuracies, physicians have concerns trusting these algorithm results for diagnostic decision-making purposes because of a general lack of algorithm decision reasoning and interpretability. One potential way to address this problem is to further train these models to localize abnormalities in addition to just classifying them. However, doing this accurately will require a large amount of disease localization annotations by clinical experts, a task that is prohibitively expensive to accomplish for most applications. In this work, we take a step towards addressing these issues by means of a new attention-driven weakly supervised algorithm comprising a hierarchical attention mining framework that unifies activation- and gradient-based visual attention in a holistic manner. Our key algorithmic innovations include the design of explicit ordinal attention constraints, enabling principled model training in a weakly-supervised fashion, while also facilitating the generation of visual-attention-driven model explanations by means of localization cues. On two large-scale chest X-ray datasets (NIH ChestX-ray14 and CheXpert), we demonstrate significant localization performance improvements over the current state of the art while also achieving competitive classification performance. Our code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/oyxhust/HAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Revisiting Transformation Invariant Geometric Deep Learning: Are Initial Representations All You Need?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12345.pdf)
>  Geometric deep learning, i.e., designing neural networks to handle the ubiquitous geometric data such as point clouds and graphs, have achieved great successes in the last decade. One critical inductive bias is that the model can maintain invariance towards various transformations such as translation, rotation, and scaling. The existing graph neural network (GNN) approaches can only maintain permutation-invariance, failing to guarantee invariance with respect to other transformations. Besides GNNs, other works design sophisticated transformation-invariant layers, which are computationally expensive and difficult to be extended. To solve this problem, we revisit why the existing neural networks cannot maintain transformation invariance when handling geometric data. Our findings show that transformation-invariant and distance-preserving initial representations are sufficient to achieve transformation invariance rather than needing sophisticated neural layer designs. Motivated by these findings, we propose Transformation Invariant Neural Networks (TinvNN), a straightforward and general framework for geometric data. Specifically, we realize transformation-invariant and distance-preserving initial point representations by modifying multi-dimensional scaling before feeding the representations into neural networks. We prove that TinvNN can strictly guarantee transformation invariance, being general and flexible enough to be combined with the existing neural networks. Extensive experimental results on point cloud analysis and combinatorial optimization demonstrate the effectiveness and general applicability of our proposed method. Based on the experimental results, we advocate that TinvNN should be considered a new starting point and an essential baseline for further studies of transformation-invariant geometric deep learning.      
### 32.More is Better: A Novel Multi-view Framework for Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12329.pdf)
>  Aiming to generalize the model trained in source domains to unseen target domains, domain generalization (DG) has attracted lots of attention recently. The key issue of DG is how to prevent overfitting to the observed source domains because target domain is unavailable during training. We investigate that overfitting not only causes the inferior generalization ability to unseen target domains but also leads unstable prediction in the test stage. In this paper, we observe that both sampling multiple tasks in training stage and generating augmented images in test stage largely benefit generalization performance. Thus, by treating tasks and images as different views, we propose a novel multi-view DG framework. Specifically, in training stage, to enhance generalization ability, we develop a multi-view regularized meta-learning algorithm that employs multiple tasks to produce a suitable optimization direction during updating model. In test stage, to alleviate unstable prediction, we utilize multiple augmented images to yield multi-view prediction, which significantly promotes model reliability via fusing the results of different views of a test image. Extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets validate our method outperforms several state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 33.Robust and Precise Facial Landmark Detection by Self-Calibrated Pose Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12328.pdf)
>  Current fully-supervised facial landmark detection methods have progressed rapidly and achieved remarkable performance. However, they still suffer when coping with faces under large poses and heavy occlusions for inaccurate facial shape constraints and insufficient labeled training samples. In this paper, we propose a semi-supervised framework, i.e., a Self-Calibrated Pose Attention Network (SCPAN) to achieve more robust and precise facial landmark detection in challenging scenarios. To be specific, a Boundary-Aware Landmark Intensity (BALI) field is proposed to model more effective facial shape constraints by fusing boundary and landmark intensity field information. Moreover, a Self-Calibrated Pose Attention (SCPA) model is designed to provide a self-learned objective function that enforces intermediate supervision without label information by introducing a self-calibrated mechanism and a pose attention mask. We show that by integrating the BALI fields and SCPA model into a novel self-calibrated pose attention network, more facial prior knowledge can be learned and the detection accuracy and robustness of our method for faces with large poses and heavy occlusions have been improved. The experimental results obtained for challenging benchmark datasets demonstrate that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods in the literature.      
### 34.Leveraging Synthetic Data in Object Detection on Unmanned Aerial Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12252.pdf)
>  Acquiring data to train deep learning-based object detectors on Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) is expensive, time-consuming and may even be prohibited by law in specific environments. On the other hand, synthetic data is fast and cheap to access. In this work, we explore the potential use of synthetic data in object detection from UAVs across various application environments. For that, we extend the open-source framework DeepGTAV to work for UAV scenarios. We capture various large-scale high-resolution synthetic data sets in several domains to demonstrate their use in real-world object detection from UAVs by analyzing multiple training strategies across several models. Furthermore, we analyze several different data generation and sampling parameters to provide actionable engineering advice for further scientific research. The DeepGTAV framework is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/Jyf5j" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.MC-DGCNN: A Novel DNN Architecture for Multi-Category Point Set Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12219.pdf)
>  Point set classification aims to build a representation learning model that distinguishes between spatial and categorical configurations of point set data. This problem is societally important since in many applications domains such as immunology, and microbial ecology. This problem is challenging since the interactions between different categories of points are not always equal; as a result, the representation learning model must selectively learn the most relevant multi-categorical relationships. The related works are limited (1) in learning the importance of different multi-categorical relationships, especially for high-order interactions, and (2) do not fully exploit the spatial distribution of points beyond simply measuring relative distance or applying a feed-forward neural network to coordinates. To overcome these limitations, we leverage the dynamic graph convolutional neural network (DGCNN) architecture to design a novel multi-category DGCNN (MC-DGCNN), contributing location representation and point pair attention layers for multi-categorical point set classification. MC-DGCNN has the ability to identify the categorical importance of each point pair and extends this to N-way spatial relationships, while still preserving all the properties and benefits of DGCNN (e.g., differentiability). Experimental results show that the proposed architecture is computationally efficient and significantly outperforms current deep learning architectures on real-world datasets.      
### 36.Maximum Entropy on Erroneous Predictions (MEEP): Improving model calibration for medical image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12218.pdf)
>  Modern deep neural networks have achieved remarkable progress in medical image segmentation tasks. However, it has recently been observed that they tend to produce overconfident estimates, even in situations of high uncertainty, leading to poorly calibrated and unreliable models. In this work we introduce Maximum Entropy on Erroneous Predictions (MEEP), a training strategy for segmentation networks which selectively penalizes overconfident predictions, focusing only on misclassified pixels. In particular, we design a regularization term that encourages high entropy posteriors for wrong predictions, increasing the network uncertainty in complex scenarios. Our method is agnostic to the neural architecture, does not increase model complexity and can be coupled with multiple segmentation loss functions. We benchmark the proposed strategy in two challenging medical image segmentation tasks: white matter hyperintensity lesions in magnetic resonance images (MRI) of the brain, and atrial segmentation in cardiac MRI. The experimental results demonstrate that coupling MEEP with standard segmentation losses leads to improvements not only in terms of model calibration, but also in segmentation quality.      
### 37.Improved 2D Keypoint Detection in Out-of-Balance and Fall Situations -- combining input rotations and a kinematic model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12193.pdf)
>  Injury analysis may be one of the most beneficial applications of deep learning based human pose estimation. To facilitate further research on this topic, we provide an injury specific 2D dataset for alpine skiing, covering in total 533 images. We further propose a post processing routine, that combines rotational information with a simple kinematic model. We could improve detection results in fall situations by up to 21% regarding the PCK@0.2 metric.      
### 38.Fine-grained Multi-Modal Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12182.pdf)
>  Multi-Modal Self-Supervised Learning from videos has been shown to improve model's performance on various downstream tasks. However, such Self-Supervised pre-training requires large batch sizes and a large amount of computation resources due to the noise present in the uncurated data. This is partly due to the fact that the prevalent training scheme is trained on coarse-grained setting, in which vectors representing the whole video clips or natural language sentences are used for computing similarity. Such scheme makes training noisy as part of the video clips can be totally not correlated with the other-modality input such as text description. In this paper, we propose a fine-grained multi-modal self-supervised training scheme that computes the similarity between embeddings at finer-scale (such as individual feature map embeddings and embeddings of phrases), and uses attention mechanisms to reduce noisy pairs' weighting in the loss function. We show that with the proposed pre-training scheme, we can train smaller models, with smaller batch-size and much less computational resources to achieve downstream tasks performances comparable to State-Of-The-Art, for tasks including action recognition and text-image retrievals.      
### 39.Multimodal Personality Recognition using Cross-Attention Transformer and Behaviour Encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12180.pdf)
>  Personality computing and affective computing have gained recent interest in many research areas. The datasets for the task generally have multiple modalities like video, audio, language and bio-signals. In this paper, we propose a flexible model for the task which exploits all available data. The task involves complex relations and to avoid using a large model for video processing specifically, we propose the use of behaviour encoding which boosts performance with minimal change to the model. Cross-attention using transformers has become popular in recent times and is utilised for fusion of different modalities. Since long term relations may exist, breaking the input into chunks is not desirable, thus the proposed model processes the entire input together. Our experiments show the importance of each of the above contributions      
### 40.Recur, Attend or Convolve? Frame Dependency Modeling Matters for Cross-Domain Robustness in Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12175.pdf)
>  Most action recognition models today are highly parameterized, and evaluated on datasets with predominantly spatially distinct classes. Previous results for single images have shown that 2D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) tend to be biased toward texture rather than shape for various computer vision tasks (Geirhos et al., 2019), reducing generalization. Taken together, this raises suspicion that large video models learn spurious correlations rather than to track relevant shapes over time and infer generalizable semantics from their movement. A natural way to avoid parameter explosion when learning visual patterns over time is to make use of recurrence across the time-axis. In this article, we empirically study the cross-domain robustness for recurrent, attention-based and convolutional video models, respectively, to investigate whether this robustness is influenced by the frame dependency modeling. Our novel Temporal Shape dataset is proposed as a light-weight dataset to assess the ability to generalize across temporal shapes which are not revealed from single frames. We find that when controlling for performance and layer structure, recurrent models show better out-of-domain generalization ability on the Temporal Shape dataset than convolution- and attention-based models. Moreover, our experiments indicate that convolution- and attention-based models exhibit more texture bias on Diving48 than recurrent models.      
### 41.AI-based Reconstruction for Fast MRI -- A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12744.pdf)
>  Compressed sensing (CS) has been playing a key role in accelerating the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) acquisition process. With the resurgence of artificial intelligence, deep neural networks and CS algorithms are being integrated to redefine the state of the art of fast MRI. The past several years have witnessed substantial growth in the complexity, diversity, and performance of deep learning-based CS techniques that are dedicated to fast MRI. In this meta-analysis, we systematically review the deep learning-based CS techniques for fast MRI, describe key model designs, highlight breakthroughs, and discuss promising directions. We have also introduced a comprehensive analysis framework and a classification system to assess the pivotal role of deep learning in CS-based acceleration for MRI.      
### 42.Omni-Seg: A Single Dynamic Network for Multi-label Renal Pathology Image Segmentation using Partially Labeled Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12665.pdf)
>  Computer-assisted quantitative analysis on Giga-pixel pathology images has provided a new avenue in precision medicine. The innovations have been largely focused on cancer pathology (i.e., tumor segmentation and characterization). In non-cancer pathology, the learning algorithms can be asked to examine more comprehensive tissue types simultaneously, as a multi-label setting. The prior arts typically needed to train multiple segmentation networks in order to match the domain-specific knowledge for heterogeneous tissue types (e.g., glomerular tuft, glomerular unit, proximal tubular, distal tubular, peritubular capillaries, and arteries). In this paper, we propose a dynamic single segmentation network (Omni-Seg) that learns to segment multiple tissue types using partially labeled images (i.e., only one tissue type is labeled for each training image) for renal pathology. By learning from ~150,000 patch-wise pathological images from six tissue types, the proposed Omni-Seg network achieved superior segmentation accuracy and less resource consumption when compared to the previous the multiple-network and multi-head design. In the testing stage, the proposed method obtains "completely labeled" tissue segmentation results using only "partially labeled" training images. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ddrrnn123/Omni-Seg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.InDuDoNet+: A Model-Driven Interpretable Dual Domain Network for Metal Artifact Reduction in CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12660.pdf)
>  During the computed tomography (CT) imaging process, metallic implants within patients always cause harmful artifacts, which adversely degrade the visual quality of reconstructed CT images and negatively affect the subsequent clinical diagnosis. For the metal artifact reduction (MAR) task, current deep learning based methods have achieved promising performance. However, most of them share two main common limitations: 1) the CT physical imaging geometry constraint is not comprehensively incorporated into deep network structures; 2) the entire framework has weak interpretability for the specific MAR task; hence, the role of every network module is difficult to be evaluated. To alleviate these issues, in the paper, we construct a novel interpretable dual domain network, termed InDuDoNet+, into which CT imaging process is finely embedded. Concretely, we derive a joint spatial and Radon domain reconstruction model and propose an optimization algorithm with only simple operators for solving it. By unfolding the iterative steps involved in the proposed algorithm into the corresponding network modules, we easily build the InDuDoNet+ with clear interpretability. Furthermore, we analyze the CT values among different tissues, and merge the prior observations into a prior network for our InDuDoNet+, which significantly improve its generalization performance. Comprehensive experiments on synthesized data and clinical data substantiate the superiority of the proposed methods as well as the superior generalization performance beyond the current state-of-the-art (SOTA) MAR methods. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hongwang01/InDuDoNet_plus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 44.Towards Disturbance-Free Visual Mobile Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12612.pdf)
>  Embodied AI has shown promising results on an abundance of robotic tasks in simulation, including visual navigation and manipulation. The prior work generally pursues high success rates with shortest paths while largely ignoring the problems caused by collision during interaction. This lack of prioritization is understandable: in simulated environments there is no inherent cost to breaking virtual objects. As a result, well-trained agents frequently have catastrophic collision with objects despite final success. In the robotics community, where the cost of collision is large, collision avoidance is a long-standing and crucial topic to ensure that robots can be safely deployed in the real world. In this work, we take the first step towards collision/disturbance-free embodied AI agents for visual mobile manipulation, facilitating safe deployment in real robots. We develop a new disturbance-avoidance methodology at the heart of which is the auxiliary task of disturbance prediction. When combined with a disturbance penalty, our auxiliary task greatly enhances sample efficiency and final performance by knowledge distillation of disturbance into the agent. Our experiments on ManipulaTHOR show that, on testing scenes with novel objects, our method improves the success rate from 61.7% to 85.6% and the success rate without disturbance from 29.8% to 50.2% over the original baseline. Extensive ablation studies show the value of our pipelined approach. Project site is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/disturb-free" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 45.Predição da Idade Cerebral a partir de Imagens de Ressonância Magnética utilizando Redes Neurais Convolucionais  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12609.pdf)
>  In this work, deep learning techniques for brain age prediction from magnetic resonance images are investigated, aiming to assist in the identification of biomarkers of the natural aging process. The identification of biomarkers is useful for detecting an early-stage neurodegenerative process, as well as for predicting age-related or non-age-related cognitive decline. Two techniques are implemented and compared in this work: a 3D Convolutional Neural Network applied to the volumetric image and a 2D Convolutional Neural Network applied to slices from the axial plane, with subsequent fusion of individual predictions. The best result was obtained by the 2D model, which achieved a mean absolute error of 3.83 years. <br>-- <br>Neste trabalho são investigadas técnicas de aprendizado profundo para a predição da idade cerebral a partir de imagens de ressonância magnética, visando auxiliar na identificação de biomarcadores do processo natural de envelhecimento. A identificação de biomarcadores é útil para a detecção de um processo neurodegenerativo em estágio inicial, além de possibilitar prever um declínio cognitivo relacionado ou não à idade. Duas técnicas são implementadas e comparadas neste trabalho: uma Rede Neural Convolucional 3D aplicada na imagem volumétrica e uma Rede Neural Convolucional 2D aplicada a fatias do plano axial, com posterior fusão das predições individuais. O melhor resultado foi obtido pelo modelo 2D, que alcançou um erro médio absoluto de 3.83 anos.      
### 46.INTRPRT: A Systematic Review of and Guidelines for Designing and Validating Transparent AI in Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12596.pdf)
>  Transparency in Machine Learning (ML), attempts to reveal the working mechanisms of complex models. Transparent ML promises to advance human factors engineering goals of human-centered AI in the target users. From a human-centered design perspective, transparency is not a property of the ML model but an affordance, i.e. a relationship between algorithm and user; as a result, iterative prototyping and evaluation with users is critical to attaining adequate solutions that afford transparency. However, following human-centered design principles in healthcare and medical image analysis is challenging due to the limited availability of and access to end users. To investigate the state of transparent ML in medical image analysis, we conducted a systematic review of the literature. Our review reveals multiple severe shortcomings in the design and validation of transparent ML for medical image analysis applications. We find that most studies to date approach transparency as a property of the model itself, similar to task performance, without considering end users during neither development nor evaluation. Additionally, the lack of user research, and the sporadic validation of transparency claims put contemporary research on transparent ML for medical image analysis at risk of being incomprehensible to users, and thus, clinically irrelevant. To alleviate these shortcomings in forthcoming research while acknowledging the challenges of human-centered design in healthcare, we introduce the INTRPRT guideline, a systematic design directive for transparent ML systems in medical image analysis. The INTRPRT guideline suggests formative user research as the first step of transparent model design to understand user needs and domain requirements. Following this process produces evidence to support design choices, and ultimately, increases the likelihood that the algorithms afford transparency.      
### 47.On the relationship between calibrated predictors and unbiased volume estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12560.pdf)
>  Machine learning driven medical image segmentation has become standard in medical image analysis. However, deep learning models are prone to overconfident predictions. This has led to a renewed focus on calibrated predictions in the medical imaging and broader machine learning communities. Calibrated predictions are estimates of the probability of a label that correspond to the true expected value of the label conditioned on the confidence. Such calibrated predictions have utility in a range of medical imaging applications, including surgical planning under uncertainty and active learning systems. At the same time it is often an accurate volume measurement that is of real importance for many medical applications. This work investigates the relationship between model calibration and volume estimation. We demonstrate both mathematically and empirically that if the predictor is calibrated per image, we can obtain the correct volume by taking an expectation of the probability scores per pixel/voxel of the image. Furthermore, we show that convex combinations of calibrated classifiers preserve volume estimation, but do not preserve calibration. Therefore, we conclude that having a calibrated predictor is a sufficient, but not necessary condition for obtaining an unbiased estimate of the volume. We validate our theoretical findings empirically on a collection of 18 different (calibrated) training strategies on the tasks of glioma volume estimation on BraTS 2018, and ischemic stroke lesion volume estimation on ISLES 2018 datasets.      
### 48.PyCIL: A Python Toolbox for Class-Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12533.pdf)
>  Traditional machine learning systems are deployed under the closed-world setting, which requires the entire training data before the offline training process. However, real-world applications often face the incoming new classes, and a model should incorporate them continually. The learning paradigm is called Class-Incremental Learning (CIL). We propose a Python toolbox that implements several key algorithms for class-incremental learning to ease the burden of researchers in the machine learning community. The toolbox contains implementations of a number of founding works of CIL such as EWC and iCaRL, but also provides current state-of-the-art algorithms that can be used for conducting novel fundamental research. This toolbox, named PyCIL for Python Class-Incremental Learning, is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/G-U-N/PyCIL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 49.Neuroevolution deep learning architecture search for estimation of river surface elevation from photogrammetric Digital Surface Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12510.pdf)
>  Development of the new methods of surface water observation is crucial in the perspective of increasingly frequent extreme hydrological events related to global warming and increasing demand for water. Orthophotos and digital surface models (DSMs) obtained using UAV photogrammetry can be used to determine the Water Surface Elevation (WSE) of a river. However, this task is difficult due to disturbances of the water surface on DSMs caused by limitations of photogrammetric algorithms. In this study, machine learning was used to extract a WSE value from disturbed photogrammetric data. A brand new dataset has been prepared specifically for this purpose by hydrology and photogrammetry experts. The new method is an important step toward automating water surface level measurements with high spatial and temporal resolution. Such data can be used to validate and calibrate of hydrological, hydraulic and hydrodynamic models making hydrological forecasts more accurate, in particular predicting extreme and dangerous events such as floods or droughts. For our knowledge this is the first approach in which dataset was created for this purpose and deep learning models were used for this task. Additionally, neuroevolution algorithm was set to explore different architectures to find local optimal models and non-gradient search was performed to fine-tune the model parameters. The achieved results have better accuracy compared to manual methods of determining WSE from photogrammetric DSMs.      
### 50.Adaptive Modeling Against Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12431.pdf)
>  Adversarial training, the process of training a deep learning model with adversarial data, is one of the most successful adversarial defense methods for deep learning models. We have found that the robustness to white-box attack of an adversarially trained model can be further improved if we fine tune this model in inference stage to adapt to the adversarial input, with the extra information in it. We introduce an algorithm that "post trains" the model at inference stage between the original output class and a "neighbor" class, with existing training data. The accuracy of pre-trained Fast-FGSM CIFAR10 classifier base model against white-box projected gradient attack (PGD) can be significantly improved from 46.8% to 64.5% with our algorithm.      
### 51.KFWC: A Knowledge-Driven Deep Learning Model for Fine-grained Classification of Wet-AMD  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12386.pdf)
>  Automated diagnosis using deep neural networks can help ophthalmologists detect the blinding eye disease wet Age-related Macular Degeneration (AMD). Wet-AMD has two similar subtypes, Neovascular AMD and Polypoidal Choroidal Vessels (PCV). However, due to the difficulty in data collection and the similarity between images, most studies have only achieved the coarse-grained classification of wet-AMD rather than a finer-grained one of wet-AMD subtypes. To solve this issue, in this paper we propose a Knowledge-driven Fine-grained Wet-AMD Classification Model (KFWC), to classify fine-grained diseases with insufficient data. With the introduction of a priori knowledge of 10 lesion signs of input images into the KFWC, we aim to accelerate the KFWC by means of multi-label classification pre-training, to locate the decisive image features in the fine-grained disease classification task and therefore achieve better classification. Simultaneously, the KFWC can also provide good interpretability and effectively alleviate the pressure of data collection and annotation in the field of fine-grained disease classification for wet-AMD. The experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the KFWC which reaches 99.71% in AU-ROC scores, and its considerable improvements over the data-driven w/o Knowledge and ophthalmologists, with the rates of 6.69% over the strongest baseline and 4.14% over ophthalmologists.      
### 52.A Practical Data-Free Approach to One-shot Federated Learning with Heterogeneity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12371.pdf)
>  One-shot Federated Learning (FL) has recently emerged as a promising approach, which allows the central server to learn a model in a single communication round. Despite the low communication cost, existing one-shot FL methods are mostly impractical or face inherent limitations, e.g., a public dataset is required, clients' models are homogeneous, need to upload additional data/model information. To overcome these issues, we propose a more practical data-free approach named FedSyn for one-shot FL framework with heterogeneity. Our FedSyn trains the global model by a data generation stage and a model distillation stage. To the best of our knowledge, FedSyn is the first method that can be practically applied to various real-world applications due to the following advantages: (1) FedSyn requires no additional information (except the model parameters) to be transferred between clients and the server; (2) FedSyn does not require any auxiliary dataset for training; (3) FedSyn is the first to consider both model and statistical heterogeneities in FL, i.e., the clients' data are non-iid and different clients may have different model architectures. Experiments on a variety of real-world datasets demonstrate the superiority of our FedSyn. For example, FedSyn outperforms the best baseline method Fed-ADI by 5.08% on CIFAR10 dataset when data are non-iid.      
### 53.Human Activity Recognition on wrist-worn accelerometers using self-supervised neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12272.pdf)
>  Measures of Activity of Daily Living (ADL) are an important indicator of overall health but difficult to measure in-clinic. Automated and accurate human activity recognition (HAR) using wrist-worn accelerometers enables practical and cost efficient remote monitoring of ADL. Key obstacles in developing high quality HAR is the lack of large labeled datasets and the performance loss when applying models trained on small curated datasets to the continuous stream of heterogeneous data in real-life. In this work we design a self-supervised learning paradigm to create a robust representation of accelerometer data that can generalize across devices and subjects. We demonstrate that this representation can separate activities of daily living and achieve strong HAR accuracy (on multiple benchmark datasets) using very few labels. We also propose a segmentation algorithm which can identify segments of salient activity and boost HAR accuracy on continuous real-life data.      
