# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 6 Dec 2021
### 1.Class-agnostic Reconstruction of Dynamic Objects from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.02091.pdf)
>  We introduce REDO, a class-agnostic framework to REconstruct the Dynamic Objects from RGBD or calibrated videos. Compared to prior work, our problem setting is more realistic yet more challenging for three reasons: 1) due to occlusion or camera settings an object of interest may never be entirely visible, but we aim to reconstruct the complete shape; 2) we aim to handle different object dynamics including rigid motion, non-rigid motion, and articulation; 3) we aim to reconstruct different categories of objects with one unified framework. To address these challenges, we develop two novel modules. First, we introduce a canonical 4D implicit function which is pixel-aligned with aggregated temporal visual cues. Second, we develop a 4D transformation module which captures object dynamics to support temporal propagation and aggregation. We study the efficacy of REDO in extensive experiments on synthetic RGBD video datasets SAIL-VOS 3D and DeformingThings4D++, and on real-world video data 3DPW. We find REDO outperforms state-of-the-art dynamic reconstruction methods by a margin. In ablation studies we validate each developed component.      
### 2.Total Scale: Face-to-Body Detail Reconstruction from Sparse RGBD Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.02082.pdf)
>  While the 3D human reconstruction methods using Pixel-aligned implicit function (PIFu) develop fast, we observe that the quality of reconstructed details is still not satisfactory. Flat facial surfaces frequently occur in the PIFu-based reconstruction results. To this end, we propose a two-scale PIFu representation to enhance the quality of the reconstructed facial details. Specifically, we utilize two MLPs to separately represent the PIFus for the face and human body. An MLP dedicated to the reconstruction of 3D faces can increase the network capacity and reduce the difficulty of the reconstruction of facial details as in the previous one-scale PIFu representation. To remedy the topology error, we leverage 3 RGBD sensors to capture multiview RGBD data as the input to the network, a sparse, lightweight capture setting. Since the depth noise severely influences the reconstruction results, we design a depth refinement module to reduce the noise of the raw depths under the guidance of the input RGB images. We also propose an adaptive fusion scheme to fuse the predicted occupancy field of the body and face to eliminate the discontinuity artifact at their boundaries. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in reconstructing vivid facial details and deforming body shapes, and verify its superiority over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 3.Hierarchical Optimal Transport for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.02073.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel approach for unsupervised domain adaptation, that relates notions of optimal transport, learning probability measures and unsupervised learning. The proposed approach, HOT-DA, is based on a hierarchical formulation of optimal transport, that leverages beyond the geometrical information captured by the ground metric, richer structural information in the source and target domains. The additional information in the labeled source domain is formed instinctively by grouping samples into structures according to their class labels. While exploring hidden structures in the unlabeled target domain is reduced to the problem of learning probability measures through Wasserstein barycenter, which we prove to be equivalent to spectral clustering. Experiments on a toy dataset with controllable complexity and two challenging visual adaptation datasets show the superiority of the proposed approach over the state-of-the-art.      
### 4.Bridging the Gap: Point Clouds for Merging Neurons in Connectomics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.02039.pdf)
>  In the field of Connectomics, a primary problem is that of 3D neuron segmentation. Although Deep Learning based methods have achieved remarkable accuracy, errors still exist, especially in regions with image defects. One common type of defect is that of consecutive missing image sections. Here data is lost along some axis, and the resulting neuron segmentations are split across the gap. To address this problem, we propose a novel method based on point cloud representations of neurons. We formulate this as a classification problem and train CurveNet, a state-of-the-art point cloud classification model, to identify which neurons should be merged. We show that our method not only performs strongly but scales reasonably to gaps well beyond what other methods have attempted to address. Additionally, our point cloud representations are highly efficient in terms of data, maintaining high performance with an amount of data that would be unfeasible for other methods. We believe that this is an indicator of the viability of using point clouds representations for other proofreading tasks.      
### 5.ROCA: Robust CAD Model Retrieval and Alignment from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01988.pdf)
>  We present ROCA, a novel end-to-end approach that retrieves and aligns 3D CAD models from a shape database to a single input image. This enables 3D perception of an observed scene from a 2D RGB observation, characterized as a lightweight, compact, clean CAD representation. Core to our approach is our differentiable alignment optimization based on dense 2D-3D object correspondences and Procrustes alignment. ROCA can thus provide a robust CAD alignment while simultaneously informing CAD retrieval by leveraging the 2D-3D correspondences to learn geometrically similar CAD models. Experiments on challenging, real-world imagery from ScanNet show that ROCA significantly improves on state of the art, from 9.5% to 17.6% in retrieval-aware CAD alignment accuracy.      
### 6.CoNeRF: Controllable Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01983.pdf)
>  We extend neural 3D representations to allow for intuitive and interpretable user control beyond novel view rendering (i.e. camera control). We allow the user to annotate which part of the scene one wishes to control with just a small number of mask annotations in the training images. Our key idea is to treat the attributes as latent variables that are regressed by the neural network given the scene encoding. This leads to a few-shot learning framework, where attributes are discovered automatically by the framework, when annotations are not provided. We apply our method to various scenes with different types of controllable attributes (e.g. expression control on human faces, or state control in movement of inanimate objects). Overall, we demonstrate, to the best of our knowledge, for the first time novel view and novel attribute re-rendering of scenes from a single video.      
### 7.Optimization of phase-only holograms calculated with scaled diffraction calculation through deep neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01970.pdf)
>  Computer-generated holograms (CGHs) are used in holographic three-dimensional (3D) displays and holographic projections. The quality of the reconstructed images using phase-only CGHs is degraded because the amplitude of the reconstructed image is difficult to control. Iterative optimization methods such as the Gerchberg-Saxton (GS) algorithm are one option for improving image quality. They optimize CGHs in an iterative fashion to obtain a higher image quality. However, such iterative computation is time consuming, and the improvement in image quality is often stagnant. Recently, deep learning-based hologram computation has been proposed. Deep neural networks directly infer CGHs from input image data. However, it is limited to reconstructing images that are the same size as the hologram. In this study, we use deep learning to optimize phase-only CGHs generated using scaled diffraction computations and the random phase-free method. By combining the random phase-free method with the scaled diffraction computation, it is possible to handle a zoomable reconstructed image larger than the hologram. In comparison to the GS algorithm, the proposed method optimizes both high quality and speed.      
### 8.Boosting Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Soft Pseudo-label and Curriculum Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01948.pdf)
>  By leveraging data from a fully labeled source domain, unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) improves classification performance on an unlabeled target domain through explicit discrepancy minimization of data distribution or adversarial learning. As an enhancement, category alignment is involved during adaptation to reinforce target feature discrimination by utilizing model prediction. However, there remain unexplored problems about pseudo-label inaccuracy incurred by wrong category predictions on target domain, and distribution deviation caused by overfitting on source domain. In this paper, we propose a model-agnostic two-stage learning framework, which greatly reduces flawed model predictions using soft pseudo-label strategy and avoids overfitting on source domain with a curriculum learning strategy. Theoretically, it successfully decreases the combined risk in the upper bound of expected error on the target domain. At the first stage, we train a model with distribution alignment-based UDA method to obtain soft semantic label on target domain with rather high confidence. To avoid overfitting on source domain, at the second stage, we propose a curriculum learning strategy to adaptively control the weighting between losses from the two domains so that the focus of the training stage is gradually shifted from source distribution to target distribution with prediction confidence boosted on the target domain. Extensive experiments on two well-known benchmark datasets validate the universal effectiveness of our proposed framework on promoting the performance of the top-ranked UDA algorithms and demonstrate its consistent superior performance.      
### 9.Bio-inspired Polarization Event Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01933.pdf)
>  The stomatopod (mantis shrimp) visual system has recently provided a blueprint for the design of paradigm-shifting polarization and multispectral imaging sensors, enabling solutions to challenging medical and remote sensing problems. However, these bioinspired sensors lack the high dynamic range (HDR) and asynchronous polarization vision capabilities of the stomatopod visual system, limiting temporal resolution to \~12 ms and dynamic range to \~ 72 dB. Here we present a novel stomatopod-inspired polarization camera which mimics the sustained and transient biological visual pathways to save power and sample data beyond the maximum Nyquist frame rate. This bio-inspired sensor simultaneously captures both synchronous intensity frames and asynchronous polarization brightness change information with sub-millisecond latencies over a million-fold range of illumination. Our PDAVIS camera is comprised of 346x260 pixels, organized in 2-by-2 macropixels, which filter the incoming light with four linear polarization filters offset by 45 degrees. Polarization information is reconstructed using both low cost and latency event-based algorithms and more accurate but slower deep neural networks. Our sensor is used to image HDR polarization scenes which vary at high speeds and to observe dynamical properties of single collagen fibers in bovine tendon under rapid cyclical loads      
### 10.Multi-Content Complementation Network for Salient Object Detection in Optical Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01932.pdf)
>  In the computer vision community, great progresses have been achieved in salient object detection from natural scene images (NSI-SOD); by contrast, salient object detection in optical remote sensing images (RSI-SOD) remains to be a challenging emerging topic. The unique characteristics of optical RSIs, such as scales, illuminations and imaging orientations, bring significant differences between NSI-SOD and RSI-SOD. In this paper, we propose a novel Multi-Content Complementation Network (MCCNet) to explore the complementarity of multiple content for RSI-SOD. Specifically, MCCNet is based on the general encoder-decoder architecture, and contains a novel key component named Multi-Content Complementation Module (MCCM), which bridges the encoder and the decoder. In MCCM, we consider multiple types of features that are critical to RSI-SOD, including foreground features, edge features, background features, and global image-level features, and exploit the content complementarity between them to highlight salient regions over various scales in RSI features through the attention mechanism. Besides, we comprehensively introduce pixel-level, map-level and metric-aware losses in the training phase. Extensive experiments on two popular datasets demonstrate that the proposed MCCNet outperforms 23 state-of-the-art methods, including both NSI-SOD and RSI-SOD methods. The code and results of our method are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MathLee/MCCNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Panoptic-based Object Style-Align for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01926.pdf)
>  Despite remarkable recent progress in image translation, the complex scene with multiple discrepant objects remains a challenging problem. Because the translated images have low fidelity and tiny objects in fewer details and obtain unsatisfactory performance in object recognition. Without the thorough object perception (i.e., bounding boxes, categories, and masks) of the image as prior knowledge, the style transformation of each object will be difficult to track in the image translation process. We propose panoptic-based object style-align generative adversarial networks (POSA-GANs) for image-to-image translation together with a compact panoptic segmentation dataset. The panoptic segmentation model is utilized to extract panoptic-level perception (i.e., overlap-removed foreground object instances and background semantic regions in the image). This is utilized to guide the alignment between the object content codes of the input domain image and object style codes sampled from the style space of the target domain. The style-aligned object representations are further transformed to obtain precise boundaries layout for higher fidelity object generation. The proposed method was systematically compared with different competing methods and obtained significant improvement on both image quality and object recognition performance for translated images.      
### 12.TRNR: Task-Driven Image Rain and Noise Removal with a Few Images Based on Patch Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01924.pdf)
>  The recent prosperity of learning-based image rain and noise removal is mainly due to the well-designed neural network architectures and large labeled datasets. However, we find that current image rain and noise removal methods result in low utilization of images. To alleviate the reliance on large labeled datasets, we propose the task-driven image rain and noise removal (TRNR) based on the introduced patch analysis strategy. The patch analysis strategy provides image patches with various spatial and statistical properties for training and has been verified to increase the utilization of images. Further, the patch analysis strategy motivates us to consider learning image rain and noise removal task-driven instead of data-driven. Therefore we introduce the N-frequency-K-shot learning task for TRNR. Each N-frequency-K-shot learning task is based on a tiny dataset containing NK image patches sampled by the patch analysis strategy. TRNR enables neural networks to learn from abundant N-frequency-K-shot learning tasks other than from adequate data. To verify the effectiveness of TRNR, we build a light Multi-Scale Residual Network (MSResNet) with about 0.9M parameters to learn image rain removal and use a simple ResNet with about 1.2M parameters dubbed DNNet for blind gaussian noise removal with a few images (for example, 20.0% train-set of Rain100H). Experimental results demonstrate that TRNR enables MSResNet to learn better from fewer images. In addition, MSResNet and DNNet utilizing TRNR have obtained better performance than most recent deep learning methods trained data-driven on large labeled datasets. These experimental results have confirmed the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed TRNR. The codes of TRNR will be public soon.      
### 13.SGM3D: Stereo Guided Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01914.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D object detection is a critical yet challenging task for autonomous driving, due to the lack of accurate depth information captured by LiDAR sensors. In this paper, we propose a stereo-guided monocular 3D object detection network, termed SGM3D, which leverages robust 3D features extracted from stereo images to enhance the features learned from the monocular image. We innovatively investigate a multi-granularity domain adaptation module (MG-DA) to exploit the network's ability so as to generate stereo-mimic features only based on the monocular cues. The coarse BEV feature-level, as well as the fine anchor-level domain adaptation, are leveraged to guide the monocular branch. We present an IoU matching-based alignment module (IoU-MA) for object-level domain adaptation between the stereo and monocular predictions to alleviate the mismatches in previous stages. We conduct extensive experiments on the most challenging KITTI and Lyft datasets and achieve new state-of-the-art performance. Furthermore, our method can be integrated into many other monocular approaches to boost performance without introducing any extra computational cost.      
### 14.The Box Size Confidence Bias Harms Your Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01901.pdf)
>  Countless applications depend on accurate predictions with reliable confidence estimates from modern object detectors. It is well known, however, that neural networks including object detectors produce miscalibrated confidence estimates. Recent work even suggests that detectors' confidence predictions are biased with respect to object size and position, but it is still unclear how this bias relates to the performance of the affected object detectors. We formally prove that the conditional confidence bias is harming the expected performance of object detectors and empirically validate these findings. Specifically, we demonstrate how to modify the histogram binning calibration to not only avoid performance impairment but also improve performance through conditional confidence calibration. We further find that the confidence bias is also present in detections generated on the training data of the detector, which we leverage to perform our de-biasing without using additional data. Moreover, Test Time Augmentation magnifies this bias, which results in even larger performance gains from our calibration method. Finally, we validate our findings on a diverse set of object detection architectures and show improvements of up to 0.6 mAP and 0.8 mAP50 without extra data or training.      
### 15.Novel Class Discovery in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01900.pdf)
>  We introduce a new setting of Novel Class Discovery in Semantic Segmentation (NCDSS), which aims at segmenting unlabeled images containing new classes given prior knowledge from a labeled set of disjoint classes. In contrast to existing approaches that look at novel class discovery in image classification, we focus on the more challenging semantic segmentation. In NCDSS, we need to distinguish the objects and background, and to handle the existence of multiple classes within an image, which increases the difficulty in using the unlabeled data. To tackle this new setting, we leverage the labeled base data and a saliency model to coarsely cluster novel classes for model training in our basic framework. Additionally, we propose the Entropy-based Uncertainty Modeling and Self-training (EUMS) framework to overcome noisy pseudo-labels, further improving the model performance on the novel classes. Our EUMS utilizes an entropy ranking technique and a dynamic reassignment to distill clean labels, thereby making full use of the noisy data via self-supervised learning. We build the NCDSS benchmark on the PASCAL-5$^i$ dataset. Extensive experiments demonstrate the feasibility of the basic framework (achieving an average mIoU of 49.81%) and the effectiveness of EUMS framework (outperforming the basic framework by 9.28% mIoU).      
### 16.Incremental Learning in Semantic Segmentation from Image Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01882.pdf)
>  Although existing semantic segmentation approaches achieve impressive results, they still struggle to update their models incrementally as new categories are uncovered. Furthermore, pixel-by-pixel annotations are expensive and time-consuming. This paper proposes a novel framework for Weakly Incremental Learning for Semantic Segmentation, that aims at learning to segment new classes from cheap and largely available image-level labels. As opposed to existing approaches, that need to generate pseudo-labels offline, we use an auxiliary classifier, trained with image-level labels and regularized by the segmentation model, to obtain pseudo-supervision online and update the model incrementally. We cope with the inherent noise in the process by using soft-labels generated by the auxiliary classifier. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on the Pascal VOC and COCO datasets, outperforming offline weakly-supervised methods and obtaining results comparable with incremental learning methods with full supervision.      
### 17.Image-to-image Translation as a Unique Source of Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01873.pdf)
>  Image-to-image (I2I) translation is an established way of translating data from one domain to another but the usability of the translated images in the target domain when working with such dissimilar domains as the SAR/optical satellite imagery ones and how much of the origin domain is translated to the target domain is still not clear enough. This article address this by performing translations of labelled datasets from the optical domain to the SAR domain with different I2I algorithms from the state-of-the-art, learning from transferred features in the destination domain and evaluating later how much from the original dataset was transferred. Added to this, stacking is proposed as a way of combining the knowledge learned from the different I2I translations and evaluated against single models.      
### 18.Semantic Map Injected GAN Training for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01845.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation is the recent trend to transform images from one domain to another domain using generative adversarial network (GAN). The existing GAN models perform the training by only utilizing the input and output modalities of transformation. In this paper, we perform the semantic injected training of GAN models. Specifically, we train with original input and output modalities and inject a few epochs of training for translation from input to semantic map. Lets refer the original training as the training for the translation of input image into target domain. The injection of semantic training in the original training improves the generalization capability of the trained GAN model. Moreover, it also preserves the categorical information in a better way in the generated image. The semantic map is only utilized at the training time and is not required at the test time. The experiments are performed using state-of-the-art GAN models over CityScapes and RGB-NIR stereo datasets. We observe the improved performance in terms of the SSIM, FID and KID scores after injecting semantic training as compared to original training.      
### 19.Mind Your Clever Neighbours: Unsupervised Person Re-identification via Adaptive Clustering Relationship Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01839.pdf)
>  Unsupervised person re-identification (Re-ID) attracts increasing attention due to its potential to resolve the scalability problem of supervised Re-ID models. Most existing unsupervised methods adopt an iterative clustering mechanism, where the network was trained based on pseudo labels generated by unsupervised clustering. However, clustering errors are inevitable. To generate high-quality pseudo-labels and mitigate the impact of clustering errors, we propose a novel clustering relationship modeling framework for unsupervised person Re-ID. Specifically, before clustering, the relation between unlabeled images is explored based on a graph correlation learning (GCL) module and the refined features are then used for clustering to generate high-quality pseudo-labels.Thus, GCL adaptively mines the relationship between samples in a mini-batch to reduce the impact of abnormal clustering when training. To train the network more effectively, we further propose a selective contrastive learning (SCL) method with a selective memory bank update policy. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method shows much better results than most state-of-the-art unsupervised methods on Market1501, DukeMTMC-reID and MSMT17 datasets. We will release the code for model reproduction.      
### 20.Efficient Two-Stage Detection of Human-Object Interactions with a Novel Unary-Pairwise Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01838.pdf)
>  Recent developments in transformer models for visual data have led to significant improvements in recognition and detection tasks. In particular, using learnable queries in place of region proposals has given rise to a new class of one-stage detection models, spearheaded by the Detection Transformer (DETR). Variations on this one-stage approach have since dominated human-object interaction (HOI) detection. However, the success of such one-stage HOI detectors can largely be attributed to the representation power of transformers. We discovered that when equipped with the same transformer, their two-stage counterparts can be more performant and memory-efficient, while taking a fraction of the time to train. In this work, we propose the Unary-Pairwise Transformer, a two-stage detector that exploits unary and pairwise representations for HOIs. We observe that the unary and pairwise parts of our transformer network specialise, with the former preferentially increasing the scores of positive examples and the latter decreasing the scores of negative examples. We evaluate our method on the HICO-DET and V-COCO datasets, and significantly outperform state-of-the-art approaches. At inference time, our model with ResNet50 approaches real-time performance on a single GPU.      
### 21.Geometric Feature Learning for 3D Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01801.pdf)
>  Geometric feature learning for 3D meshes is central to computer graphics and highly important for numerous vision applications. However, deep learning currently lags in hierarchical modeling of heterogeneous 3D meshes due to the lack of required operations and/or their efficient implementations. In this paper, we propose a series of modular operations for effective geometric deep learning over heterogeneous 3D meshes. These operations include mesh convolutions, (un)pooling and efficient mesh decimation. We provide open source implementation of these operations, collectively termed \textit{Picasso}. The mesh decimation module of Picasso is GPU-accelerated, which can process a batch of meshes on-the-fly for deep learning. Our (un)pooling operations compute features for newly-created neurons across network layers of varying resolution. Our mesh convolutions include facet2vertex, vertex2facet, and facet2facet convolutions that exploit vMF mixture and Barycentric interpolation to incorporate fuzzy modelling. Leveraging the modular operations of Picasso, we contribute a novel hierarchical neural network, PicassoNet-II, to learn highly discriminative features from 3D meshes. PicassoNet-II accepts primitive geometrics and fine textures of mesh facets as input features, while processing full scene meshes. Our network achieves highly competitive performance for shape analysis and scene parsing on a variety of benchmarks. We release Picasso and PicassoNet-II on Github <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/EnyaHermite/Picasso" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.A Survey: Deep Learning for Hyperspectral Image Classification with Few Labeled Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01800.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of deep learning technology and improvement in computing capability, deep learning has been widely used in the field of hyperspectral image (HSI) classification. In general, deep learning models often contain many trainable parameters and require a massive number of labeled samples to achieve optimal performance. However, in regard to HSI classification, a large number of labeled samples is generally difficult to acquire due to the difficulty and time-consuming nature of manual labeling. Therefore, many research works focus on building a deep learning model for HSI classification with few labeled samples. In this article, we concentrate on this topic and provide a systematic review of the relevant literature. Specifically, the contributions of this paper are twofold. First, the research progress of related methods is categorized according to the learning paradigm, including transfer learning, active learning and few-shot learning. Second, a number of experiments with various state-of-the-art approaches has been carried out, and the results are summarized to reveal the potential research directions. More importantly, it is notable that although there is a vast gap between deep learning models (that usually need sufficient labeled samples) and the HSI scenario with few labeled samples, the issues of small-sample sets can be well characterized by fusion of deep learning methods and related techniques, such as transfer learning and a lightweight model. For reproducibility, the source codes of the methods assessed in the paper can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShuGuoJ/HSI-Classification.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Global Context with Discrete Diffusion in Vector Quantised Modelling for Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01799.pdf)
>  The integration of Vector Quantised Variational AutoEncoder (VQ-VAE) with autoregressive models as generation part has yielded high-quality results on image generation. However, the autoregressive models will strictly follow the progressive scanning order during the sampling phase. This leads the existing VQ series models to hardly escape the trap of lacking global information. Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models (DDPM) in the continuous domain have shown a capability to capture the global context, while generating high-quality images. In the discrete state space, some works have demonstrated the potential to perform text generation and low resolution image generation. We show that with the help of a content-rich discrete visual codebook from VQ-VAE, the discrete diffusion model can also generate high fidelity images with global context, which compensates for the deficiency of the classical autoregressive model along pixel space. Meanwhile, the integration of the discrete VAE with the diffusion model resolves the drawback of conventional autoregressive models being oversized, and the diffusion model which demands excessive time in the sampling process when generating images. It is found that the quality of the generated images is heavily dependent on the discrete visual codebook. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed Vector Quantised Discrete Diffusion Model (VQ-DDM) is able to achieve comparable performance to top-tier methods with low complexity. It also demonstrates outstanding advantages over other vectors quantised with autoregressive models in terms of image inpainting tasks without additional training.      
### 24.A Systematic IoU-Related Method: Beyond Simplified Regression for Better Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01793.pdf)
>  Four-variable-independent-regression localization losses, such as Smooth-$\ell_1$ Loss, are used by default in modern detectors. Nevertheless, this kind of loss is oversimplified so that it is inconsistent with the final evaluation metric, intersection over union (IoU). Directly employing the standard IoU is also not infeasible, since the constant-zero plateau in the case of non-overlapping boxes and the non-zero gradient at the minimum may make it not trainable. Accordingly, we propose a systematic method to address these problems. Firstly, we propose a new metric, the extended IoU (EIoU), which is well-defined when two boxes are not overlapping and reduced to the standard IoU when overlapping. Secondly, we present the convexification technique (CT) to construct a loss on the basis of EIoU, which can guarantee the gradient at the minimum to be zero. Thirdly, we propose a steady optimization technique (SOT) to make the fractional EIoU loss approaching the minimum more steadily and smoothly. Fourthly, to fully exploit the capability of the EIoU based loss, we introduce an interrelated IoU-predicting head to further boost localization accuracy. With the proposed contributions, the new method incorporated into Faster R-CNN with ResNet50+FPN as the backbone yields \textbf{4.2 mAP} gain on VOC2007 and \textbf{2.3 mAP} gain on COCO2017 over the baseline Smooth-$\ell_1$ Loss, at almost \textbf{no training and inferencing computational cost}. Specifically, the stricter the metric is, the more notable the gain is, improving \textbf{8.2 mAP} on VOC2007 and \textbf{5.4 mAP} on COCO2017 at metric $AP_{90}$.      
### 25.Detect Faces Efficiently: A Survey and Evaluations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01787.pdf)
>  Face detection is to search all the possible regions for faces in images and locate the faces if there are any. Many applications including face recognition, facial expression recognition, face tracking and head-pose estimation assume that both the location and the size of faces are known in the image. In recent decades, researchers have created many typical and efficient face detectors from the Viola-Jones face detector to current CNN-based ones. However, with the tremendous increase in images and videos with variations in face scale, appearance, expression, occlusion and pose, traditional face detectors are challenged to detect various "in the wild" faces. The emergence of deep learning techniques brought remarkable breakthroughs to face detection along with the price of a considerable increase in computation. This paper introduces representative deep learning-based methods and presents a deep and thorough analysis in terms of accuracy and efficiency. We further compare and discuss the popular and challenging datasets and their evaluation metrics. A comprehensive comparison of several successful deep learning-based face detectors is conducted to uncover their efficiency using two metrics: FLOPs and latency. The paper can guide to choose appropriate face detectors for different applications and also to develop more efficient and accurate detectors.      
### 26.Unsupervised Low-Light Image Enhancement via Histogram Equalization Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01766.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based methods for low-light image enhancement typically require enormous paired training data, which are impractical to capture in real-world scenarios. Recently, unsupervised approaches have been explored to eliminate the reliance on paired training data. However, they perform erratically in diverse real-world scenarios due to the absence of priors. To address this issue, we propose an unsupervised low-light image enhancement method based on an effective prior termed histogram equalization prior (HEP). Our work is inspired by the interesting observation that the feature maps of histogram equalization enhanced image and the ground truth are similar. Specifically, we formulate the HEP to provide abundant texture and luminance information. Embedded into a Light Up Module (LUM), it helps to decompose the low-light images into illumination and reflectance maps, and the reflectance maps can be regarded as restored images. However, the derivation based on Retinex theory reveals that the reflectance maps are contaminated by noise. We introduce a Noise Disentanglement Module (NDM) to disentangle the noise and content in the reflectance maps with the reliable aid of unpaired clean images. Guided by the histogram equalization prior and noise disentanglement, our method can recover finer details and is more capable to suppress noise in real-world low-light scenarios. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art unsupervised low-light enhancement algorithms and even matches the state-of-the-art supervised algorithms.      
### 27.NeRF-SR: High-Quality Neural Radiance Fields using Super-Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01759.pdf)
>  We present NeRF-SR, a solution for high-resolution (HR) novel view synthesis with mostly low-resolution (LR) inputs. Our method is built upon Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) that predicts per-point density and color with a multi-layer perceptron. While producing images at arbitrary scales, NeRF struggles with resolutions that go beyond observed images. Our key insight is that NeRF has a local prior, which means predictions of a 3D point can be propagated in the nearby region and remain accurate. We first exploit it by a super-sampling strategy that shoots multiple rays at each image pixel, which enforces multi-view constraint at a sub-pixel level. Then, we show that NeRF-SR can further boost the performance of super-sampling by a refinement network that leverages the estimated depth at hand to hallucinate details from related patches on an HR reference image. Experiment results demonstrate that NeRF-SR generates high-quality results for novel view synthesis at HR on both synthetic and real-world datasets.      
### 28.MSP : Refine Boundary Segmentation via Multiscale Superpixel  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01746.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a simple but effective message passing method to improve the boundary quality for the semantic segmentation result. Inspired by the generated sharp edges of superpixel blocks, we employ superpixel to guide the information passing within feature map. Simultaneously, the sharp boundaries of the blocks also restrict the message passing scope. Specifically, we average features that the superpixel block covers within feature map, and add the result back to each feature vector. Further, to obtain sharper edges and farther spatial dependence, we develop a multiscale superpixel module (MSP) by a cascade of different scales superpixel blocks. Our method can be served as a plug-and-play module and easily inserted into any segmentation network without introducing new parameters. Extensive experiments are conducted on three strong baselines, namely PSPNet, DeeplabV3, and DeepLabV3+, and four challenging scene parsing datasets including ADE20K, Cityscapes, PASCAL VOC, and PASCAL Context. The experimental results verify its effectiveness and generalizability.      
### 29.Frame Averaging for Equivariant Shape Space Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01741.pdf)
>  The task of shape space learning involves mapping a train set of shapes to and from a latent representation space with good generalization properties. Often, real-world collections of shapes have symmetries, which can be defined as transformations that do not change the essence of the shape. A natural way to incorporate symmetries in shape space learning is to ask that the mapping to the shape space (encoder) and mapping from the shape space (decoder) are equivariant to the relevant symmetries. <br>In this paper, we present a framework for incorporating equivariance in encoders and decoders by introducing two contributions: (i) adapting the recent Frame Averaging (FA) framework for building generic, efficient, and maximally expressive Equivariant autoencoders; and (ii) constructing autoencoders equivariant to piecewise Euclidean motions applied to different parts of the shape. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first fully piecewise Euclidean equivariant autoencoder construction. Training our framework is simple: it uses standard reconstruction losses and does not require the introduction of new losses. Our architectures are built of standard (backbone) architectures with the appropriate frame averaging to make them equivariant. Testing our framework on both rigid shapes dataset using implicit neural representations, and articulated shape datasets using mesh-based neural networks show state-of-the-art generalization to unseen test shapes, improving relevant baselines by a large margin. In particular, our method demonstrates significant improvement in generalizing to unseen articulated poses.      
### 30.AirDet: Few-Shot Detection without Fine-tuning for Autonomous Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01740.pdf)
>  Few-shot object detection has rapidly progressed owing to the success of meta-learning strategies. However, the requirement of a fine-tuning stage in existing methods is timeconsuming and significantly hinders their usage in real-time applications such as autonomous exploration of low-power robots. To solve this problem, we present a brand new architecture, AirDet, which is free of fine-tuning by learning class agnostic relation with support images. Specifically, we propose a support-guided cross-scale (SCS) feature fusion network to generate object proposals, a global-local relation network (GLR) for shots aggregation, and a relation-based prototype embedding network (R-PEN) for precise localization. Exhaustive experiments are conducted on COCO and PASCAL VOC datasets, where surprisingly, AirDet achieves comparable or even better results than the exhaustively finetuned methods, reaching up to 40-60% improvements on the baseline. To our excitement, AirDet obtains favorable performance on multi-scale objects, especially the small ones. Furthermore, we present evaluation results on real-world exploration tests from the DARPA Subterranean Challenge, which strongly validate the feasibility of AirDet in robotics. The source code, pre-trained models, along with the real world data for exploration, will be made public.      
### 31.Gesture Recognition with a Skeleton-Based Keyframe Selection Module  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01736.pdf)
>  We propose a bidirectional consecutively connected two-pathway network (BCCN) for efficient gesture recognition. The BCCN consists of two pathways: (i) a keyframe pathway and (ii) a temporal-attention pathway. The keyframe pathway is configured using the skeleton-based keyframe selection module. Keyframes pass through the pathway to extract the spatial feature of itself, and the temporal-attention pathway extracts temporal semantics. Our model improved gesture recognition performance in videos and obtained better activation maps for spatial and temporal properties. Tests were performed on the Chalearn dataset, the ETRI-Activity 3D dataset, and the Toyota Smart Home dataset.      
### 32.MFNet: Multi-filter Directive Network for Weakly Supervised Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01732.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised salient object detection (WSOD) targets to train a CNNs-based saliency network using only low-cost annotations. Existing WSOD methods take various techniques to pursue single "high-quality" pseudo label from low-cost annotations and then develop their saliency networks. Though these methods have achieved good performance, the generated single label is inevitably affected by adopted refinement algorithms and shows prejudiced characteristics which further influence the saliency networks. In this work, we introduce a new multiple-pseudo-label framework to integrate more comprehensive and accurate saliency cues from multiple labels, avoiding the aforementioned problem. Specifically, we propose a multi-filter directive network (MFNet) including a saliency network as well as multiple directive filters. The directive filter (DF) is designed to extract and filter more accurate saliency cues from the noisy pseudo labels. The multiple accurate cues from multiple DFs are then simultaneously propagated to the saliency network with a multi-guidance loss. Extensive experiments on five datasets over four metrics demonstrate that our method outperforms all the existing congeneric methods. Moreover, it is also worth noting that our framework is flexible enough to apply to existing methods and improve their performance.      
### 33.Action Units That Constitute Trainable Micro-expressions (and A Large-scale Synthetic Dataset)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01730.pdf)
>  Due to the expensive data collection process, micro-expression datasets are generally much smaller in scale than those in other computer vision fields, rendering large-scale training less stable and feasible. In this paper, we aim to develop a protocol to automatically synthesize micro-expression training data that 1) are on a large scale and 2) allow us to train recognition models with strong accuracy on real-world test sets. Specifically, we discover three types of Action Units (AUs) that can well constitute trainable micro-expressions. These AUs come from real-world micro-expressions, early frames of macro-expressions, and the relationship between AUs and expression labels defined by human knowledge. With these AUs, our protocol then employs large numbers of face images with various identities and an existing face generation method for micro-expression synthesis. Micro-expression recognition models are trained on the generated micro-expression datasets and evaluated on real-world test sets, where very competitive and stable performance is obtained. The experimental results not only validate the effectiveness of these AUs and our dataset synthesis protocol but also reveal some critical properties of micro-expressions: they generalize across faces, are close to early-stage macro-expressions, and can be manually defined.      
### 34.Adversarial Attacks against a Satellite-borne Multispectral Cloud Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01723.pdf)
>  Data collected by Earth-observing (EO) satellites are often afflicted by cloud cover. Detecting the presence of clouds -- which is increasingly done using deep learning -- is crucial preprocessing in EO applications. In fact, advanced EO satellites perform deep learning-based cloud detection on board the satellites and downlink only clear-sky data to save precious bandwidth. In this paper, we highlight the vulnerability of deep learning-based cloud detection towards adversarial attacks. By optimising an adversarial pattern and superimposing it into a cloudless scene, we bias the neural network into detecting clouds in the scene. Since the input spectra of cloud detectors include the non-visible bands, we generated our attacks in the multispectral domain. This opens up the potential of multi-objective attacks, specifically, adversarial biasing in the cloud-sensitive bands and visual camouflage in the visible bands. We also investigated mitigation strategies against the adversarial attacks. We hope our work further builds awareness of the potential of adversarial attacks in the EO community.      
### 35.Adaptive Poincaré Point to Set Distance for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01719.pdf)
>  Learning and generalizing from limited examples, i,e, few-shot learning, is of core importance to many real-world vision applications. A principal way of achieving few-shot learning is to realize an embedding where samples from different classes are distinctive. Recent studies suggest that embedding via hyperbolic geometry enjoys low distortion for hierarchical and structured data, making it suitable for few-shot learning. In this paper, we propose to learn a context-aware hyperbolic metric to characterize the distance between a point and a set associated with a learned set to set distance. To this end, we formulate the metric as a weighted sum on the tangent bundle of the hyperbolic space and develop a mechanism to obtain the weights adaptively and based on the constellation of the points. This not only makes the metric local but also dependent on the task in hand, meaning that the metric will adapt depending on the samples that it compares. We empirically show that such metric yields robustness in the presence of outliers and achieves a tangible improvement over baseline models. This includes the state-of-the-art results on five popular few-shot classification benchmarks, namely mini-ImageNet, tiered-ImageNet, Caltech-UCSD Birds-200-2011 (CUB), CIFAR-FS, and FC100.      
### 36.Self-Supervised Material and Texture Representation Learning for Remote Sensing Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01715.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning aims to learn image feature representations without the usage of manually annotated labels. It is often used as a precursor step to obtain useful initial network weights which contribute to faster convergence and superior performance of downstream tasks. While self-supervision allows one to reduce the domain gap between supervised and unsupervised learning without the usage of labels, the self-supervised objective still requires a strong inductive bias to downstream tasks for effective transfer learning. In this work, we present our material and texture based self-supervision method named MATTER (MATerial and TExture Representation Learning), which is inspired by classical material and texture methods. Material and texture can effectively describe any surface, including its tactile properties, color, and specularity. By extension, effective representation of material and texture can describe other semantic classes strongly associated with said material and texture. MATTER leverages multi-temporal, spatially aligned remote sensing imagery over unchanged regions to learn invariance to illumination and viewing angle as a mechanism to achieve consistency of material and texture representation. We show that our self-supervision pre-training method allows for up to 24.22% and 6.33% performance increase in unsupervised and fine-tuned setups, and up to 76% faster convergence on change detection, land cover classification, and semantic segmentation tasks.      
### 37.Structure-Aware Multi-Hop Graph Convolution for Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01714.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a spatial graph convolution (GC) to classify signals on a graph. Existing GC methods are limited to using the structural information in the feature space. Additionally, the single step of GCs only uses features on the one-hop neighboring nodes from the target node. In this paper, we propose two methods to improve the performance of GCs: 1) Utilizing structural information in the feature space, and 2) exploiting the multi-hop information in one GC step. In the first method, we define three structural features in the feature space: feature angle, feature distance, and relational embedding. The second method aggregates the node-wise features of multi-hop neighbors in a GC. Both methods can be simultaneously used. We also propose graph neural networks (GNNs) integrating the proposed GC for classifying nodes in 3D point clouds and citation networks. In experiments, the proposed GNNs exhibited a higher classification accuracy than existing methods.      
### 38.Deep Depth from Focus with Differential Focus Volume  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01712.pdf)
>  Depth-from-focus (DFF) is a technique that infers depth using the focus change of a camera. In this work, we propose a convolutional neural network (CNN) to find the best-focused pixels in a focal stack and infer depth from the focus estimation. The key innovation of the network is the novel deep differential focus volume (DFV). By computing the first-order derivative with the stacked features over different focal distances, DFV is able to capture both the focus and context information for focus analysis. Besides, we also introduce a probability regression mechanism for focus estimation to handle sparsely sampled focal stacks and provide uncertainty estimation to the final prediction. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed model achieves state-of-the-art performance on multiple datasets with good generalizability and fast speed.      
### 39.Learning to Detect Every Thing in an Open World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01698.pdf)
>  Many open-world applications require the detection of novel objects, yet state-of-the-art object detection and instance segmentation networks do not excel at this task. The key issue lies in their assumption that regions without any annotations should be suppressed as negatives, which teaches the model to treat the unannotated objects as background. To address this issue, we propose a simple yet surprisingly powerful data augmentation and training scheme we call Learning to Detect Every Thing (LDET). To avoid suppressing hidden objects, background objects that are visible but unlabeled, we paste annotated objects on a background image sampled from a small region of the original image. Since training solely on such synthetically augmented images suffers from domain shift, we decouple the training into two parts: 1) training the region classification and regression head on augmented images, and 2) training the mask heads on original images. In this way, a model does not learn to classify hidden objects as background while generalizing well to real images. LDET leads to significant improvements on many datasets in the open world instance segmentation task, outperforming baselines on cross-category generalization on COCO, as well as cross-dataset evaluation on UVO and Cityscapes.      
### 40.LMR-CBT: Learning Modality-fused Representations with CB-Transformer for Multimodal Emotion Recognition from Unaligned Multimodal Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01697.pdf)
>  Learning modality-fused representations and processing unaligned multimodal sequences are meaningful and challenging in multimodal emotion recognition. Existing approaches use directional pairwise attention or a message hub to fuse language, visual, and audio modalities. However, those approaches introduce information redundancy when fusing features and are inefficient without considering the complementarity of modalities. In this paper, we propose an efficient neural network to learn modality-fused representations with CB-Transformer (LMR-CBT) for multimodal emotion recognition from unaligned multimodal sequences. Specifically, we first perform feature extraction for the three modalities respectively to obtain the local structure of the sequences. Then, we design a novel transformer with cross-modal blocks (CB-Transformer) that enables complementary learning of different modalities, mainly divided into local temporal learning,cross-modal feature fusion and global self-attention representations. In addition, we splice the fused features with the original features to classify the emotions of the sequences. Finally, we conduct word-aligned and unaligned experiments on three challenging datasets, IEMOCAP, CMU-MOSI, and CMU-MOSEI. The experimental results show the superiority and efficiency of our proposed method in both settings. Compared with the mainstream methods, our approach reaches the state-of-the-art with a minimum number of parameters.      
### 41.Hybrid Instance-aware Temporal Fusion for Online Video Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01695.pdf)
>  Recently, transformer-based image segmentation methods have achieved notable success against previous solutions. While for video domains, how to effectively model temporal context with the attention of object instances across frames remains an open problem. In this paper, we propose an online video instance segmentation framework with a novel instance-aware temporal fusion method. We first leverages the representation, i.e., a latent code in the global context (instance code) and CNN feature maps to represent instance- and pixel-level features. Based on this representation, we introduce a cropping-free temporal fusion approach to model the temporal consistency between video frames. Specifically, we encode global instance-specific information in the instance code and build up inter-frame contextual fusion with hybrid attentions between the instance codes and CNN feature maps. Inter-frame consistency between the instance codes are further enforced with order constraints. By leveraging the learned hybrid temporal consistency, we are able to directly retrieve and maintain instance identities across frames, eliminating the complicated frame-wise instance matching in prior methods. Extensive experiments have been conducted on popular VIS datasets, i.e. Youtube-VIS-19/21. Our model achieves the best performance among all online VIS methods. Notably, our model also eclipses all offline methods when using the ResNet-50 backbone.      
### 42.Make A Long Image Short: Adaptive Token Length for Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01686.pdf)
>  The vision transformer splits each image into a sequence of tokens with fixed length and processes the tokens in the same way as words in natural language processing. More tokens normally lead to better performance but considerably increased computational cost. Motivated by the proverb "A picture is worth a thousand words" we aim to accelerate the ViT model by making a long image short. To this end, we propose a novel approach to assign token length adaptively during inference. Specifically, we first train a ViT model, called Resizable-ViT (ReViT), that can process any given input with diverse token lengths. Then, we retrieve the "token-length label" from ReViT and use it to train a lightweight Token-Length Assigner (TLA). The token-length labels are the smallest number of tokens to split an image that the ReViT can make the correct prediction, and TLA is learned to allocate the optimal token length based on these labels. The TLA enables the ReViT to process the image with the minimum sufficient number of tokens during inference. Thus, the inference speed is boosted by reducing the token numbers in the ViT model. Our approach is general and compatible with modern vision transformer architectures and can significantly reduce computational expanse. We verified the effectiveness of our methods on multiple representative ViT models (DeiT, LV-ViT, and TimesFormer) across two tasks (image classification and action recognition).      
### 43.TransZero: Attribute-guided Transformer for Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01683.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) aims to recognize novel classes by transferring semantic knowledge from seen classes to unseen ones. Semantic knowledge is learned from attribute descriptions shared between different classes, which act as strong priors for localizing object attributes that represent discriminative region features, enabling significant visual-semantic interaction. Although some attention-based models have attempted to learn such region features in a single image, the transferability and discriminative attribute localization of visual features are typically neglected. In this paper, we propose an attribute-guided Transformer network, termed TransZero, to refine visual features and learn attribute localization for discriminative visual embedding representations in ZSL. Specifically, TransZero takes a feature augmentation encoder to alleviate the cross-dataset bias between ImageNet and ZSL benchmarks, and improves the transferability of visual features by reducing the entangled relative geometry relationships among region features. To learn locality-augmented visual features, TransZero employs a visual-semantic decoder to localize the image regions most relevant to each attribute in a given image, under the guidance of semantic attribute information. Then, the locality-augmented visual features and semantic vectors are used to conduct effective visual-semantic interaction in a visual-semantic embedding network. Extensive experiments show that TransZero achieves the new state of the art on three ZSL benchmarks. The codes are available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shiming-chen/TransZero" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 44.Multi-modal application: Image Memes Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01651.pdf)
>  Meme is an interesting word. Internet memes offer unique insights into the changes in our perception of the world, the media and our own lives. If you surf the Internet for long enough, you will see it somewhere on the Internet. With the rise of social media platforms and convenient image dissemination, Image Meme has gained fame. Image memes have become a kind of pop culture and they play an important role in communication over social media, blogs, and open messages. With the development of artificial intelligence and the widespread use of deep learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Computer Vision (CV) can also be used to solve more problems in life, including meme generation. An Internet meme commonly takes the form of an image and is created by combining a meme template (image) and a caption (natural language sentence). In our project, we propose an end-to-end encoder-decoder architecture meme generator. For a given input sentence, we use the Meme template selection model to determine the emotion it expresses and select the image template. Then generate captions and memes through to the meme caption generator. Code and models are available at github      
### 45.Investigating the usefulness of Quantum Blur  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01646.pdf)
>  Though some years remain before quantum computation can outperform conventional computation, it already provides resources that be used for exploratory purposes in various fields. This includes certain tasks for procedural generation in computer games, music and art. The Quantum Blur method was introduced as a proof-of-principle example, to show that it can be useful to design methods for procedural generation using the principles of quantum software. Here we analyse the effects of the method and compare it to conventional blur effects. We also determine how the effects seen derive from the manipulation of quantum superposition and entanglement.      
### 46.Hamiltonian prior to Disentangle Content and Motion in Image Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01641.pdf)
>  We present a deep latent variable model for high dimensional sequential data. Our model factorises the latent space into content and motion variables. To model the diverse dynamics, we split the motion space into subspaces, and introduce a unique Hamiltonian operator for each subspace. The Hamiltonian formulation provides reversible dynamics that learn to constrain the motion path to conserve invariant properties. The explicit split of the motion space decomposes the Hamiltonian into symmetry groups and gives long-term separability of the dynamics. This split also means representations can be learnt that are easy to interpret and control. We demonstrate the utility of our model for swapping the motion of two videos, generating sequences of various actions from a given image and unconditional sequence generation.      
### 47.Probabilistic Tracking with Deep Factors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01609.pdf)
>  In many applications of computer vision it is important to accurately estimate the trajectory of an object over time by fusing data from a number of sources, of which 2D and 3D imagery is only one. In this paper, we show how to use a deep feature encoding in conjunction with generative densities over the features in a factor-graph based, probabilistic tracking framework. We present a likelihood model that combines a learned feature encoder with generative densities over them, both trained in a supervised manner. We also experiment with directly inferring probability through the use of image classification models that feed into the likelihood formulation. These models are used to implement deep factors that are added to the factor graph to complement other factors that represent domain-specific knowledge such as motion models and/or other prior information. Factors are then optimized together in a non-linear least-squares tracking framework that takes the form of an Extended Kalman Smoother with a Gaussian prior. A key feature of our likelihood model is that it leverages the Lie group properties of the tracked target's pose to apply the feature encoding on an image patch, extracted through a differentiable warp function inspired by spatial transformer networks. To illustrate the proposed approach we evaluate it on a challenging social insect behavior dataset, and show that using deep features does outperform these earlier linear appearance models used in this setting.      
### 48.Is RobustBench/AutoAttack a suitable Benchmark for Adversarial Robustness?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01601.pdf)
>  Recently, RobustBench (Croce et al. 2020) has become a widely recognized benchmark for the adversarial robustness of image classification networks. In its most commonly reported sub-task, RobustBench evaluates and ranks the adversarial robustness of trained neural networks on CIFAR10 under AutoAttack (Croce and Hein 2020b) with l-inf perturbations limited to eps = 8/255. With leading scores of the currently best performing models of around 60% of the baseline, it is fair to characterize this benchmark to be quite challenging. Despite its general acceptance in recent literature, we aim to foster discussion about the suitability of RobustBench as a key indicator for robustness which could be generalized to practical applications. Our line of argumentation against this is two-fold and supported by excessive experiments presented in this paper: We argue that I) the alternation of data by AutoAttack with l-inf, eps = 8/255 is unrealistically strong, resulting in close to perfect detection rates of adversarial samples even by simple detection algorithms and human observers. We also show that other attack methods are much harder to detect while achieving similar success rates. II) That results on low-resolution data sets like CIFAR10 do not generalize well to higher resolution images as gradient-based attacks appear to become even more detectable with increasing resolutions.      
### 49.FuseDream: Training-Free Text-to-Image Generation with Improved CLIP+GAN Space Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01573.pdf)
>  Generating images from natural language instructions is an intriguing yet highly challenging task. We approach text-to-image generation by combining the power of the retrained CLIP representation with an off-the-shelf image generator (GANs), optimizing in the latent space of GAN to find images that achieve maximum CLIP score with the given input text. Compared to traditional methods that train generative models from text to image starting from scratch, the CLIP+GAN approach is training-free, zero shot and can be easily customized with different generators. <br>However, optimizing CLIP score in the GAN space casts a highly challenging optimization problem and off-the-shelf optimizers such as Adam fail to yield satisfying results. In this work, we propose a FuseDream pipeline, which improves the CLIP+GAN approach with three key techniques: 1) an AugCLIP score which robustifies the CLIP objective by introducing random augmentation on image. 2) a novel initialization and over-parameterization strategy for optimization which allows us to efficiently navigate the non-convex landscape in GAN space. 3) a composed generation technique which, by leveraging a novel bi-level optimization formulation, can compose multiple images to extend the GAN space and overcome the data-bias. <br>When promoted by different input text, FuseDream can generate high-quality images with varying objects, backgrounds, artistic styles, even novel counterfactual concepts that do not appear in the training data of the GAN we use. Quantitatively, the images generated by FuseDream yield top-level Inception score and FID score on MS COCO dataset, without additional architecture design or training. Our code is publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gnobitab/FuseDream" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 50.Neural Head Avatars from Monocular RGB Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01554.pdf)
>  We present Neural Head Avatars, a novel neural representation that explicitly models the surface geometry and appearance of an animatable human avatar that can be used for teleconferencing in AR/VR or other applications in the movie or games industry that rely on a digital human. Our representation can be learned from a monocular RGB portrait video that features a range of different expressions and views. Specifically, we propose a hybrid representation consisting of a morphable model for the coarse shape and expressions of the face, and two feed-forward networks, predicting vertex offsets of the underlying mesh as well as a view- and expression-dependent texture. We demonstrate that this representation is able to accurately extrapolate to unseen poses and view points, and generates natural expressions while providing sharp texture details. Compared to previous works on head avatars, our method provides a disentangled shape and appearance model of the complete human head (including hair) that is compatible with the standard graphics pipeline. Moreover, it quantitatively and qualitatively outperforms current state of the art in terms of reconstruction quality and novel-view synthesis.      
### 51.D3Net: A Speaker-Listener Architecture for Semi-supervised Dense Captioning and Visual Grounding in RGB-D Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01551.pdf)
>  Recent studies on dense captioning and visual grounding in 3D have achieved impressive results. Despite developments in both areas, the limited amount of available 3D vision-language data causes overfitting issues for 3D visual grounding and 3D dense captioning methods. Also, how to discriminatively describe objects in complex 3D environments is not fully studied yet. To address these challenges, we present D3Net, an end-to-end neural speaker-listener architecture that can detect, describe and discriminate. Our D3Net unifies dense captioning and visual grounding in 3D in a self-critical manner. This self-critical property of D3Net also introduces discriminability during object caption generation and enables semi-supervised training on ScanNet data with partially annotated descriptions. Our method outperforms SOTA methods in both tasks on the ScanRefer dataset, surpassing the SOTA 3D dense captioning method by a significant margin (23.56% CiDEr@0.5IoU improvement).      
### 52.Coupling Vision and Proprioception for Navigation of Legged Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.02094.pdf)
>  We exploit the complementary strengths of vision and proprioception to achieve point goal navigation in a legged robot. Legged systems are capable of traversing more complex terrain than wheeled robots, but to fully exploit this capability, we need the high-level path planner in the navigation system to be aware of the walking capabilities of the low-level locomotion policy on varying terrains. We achieve this by using proprioceptive feedback to estimate the safe operating limits of the walking policy, and to sense unexpected obstacles and terrain properties like smoothness or softness of the ground that may be missed by vision. The navigation system uses onboard cameras to generate an occupancy map and a corresponding cost map to reach the goal. The FMM (Fast Marching Method) planner then generates a target path. The velocity command generator takes this as input to generate the desired velocity for the locomotion policy using as input additional constraints, from the safety advisor, of unexpected obstacles and terrain determined speed limits. We show superior performance compared to wheeled robot (LoCoBot) baselines, and other baselines which have disjoint high-level planning and low-level control. We also show the real-world deployment of our system on a quadruped robot with onboard sensors and compute. Videos at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://navigation-locomotion.github.io/camera-ready" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 53.Data-Free Neural Architecture Search via Recursive Label Calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.02086.pdf)
>  This paper aims to explore the feasibility of neural architecture search (NAS) given only a pre-trained model without using any original training data. This is an important circumstance for privacy protection, bias avoidance, etc., in real-world scenarios. To achieve this, we start by synthesizing usable data through recovering the knowledge from a pre-trained deep neural network. Then we use the synthesized data and their predicted soft-labels to guide neural architecture search. We identify that the NAS task requires the synthesized data (we target at image domain here) with enough semantics, diversity, and a minimal domain gap from the natural images. For semantics, we propose recursive label calibration to produce more informative outputs. For diversity, we propose a regional update strategy to generate more diverse and semantically-enriched synthetic data. For minimal domain gap, we use input and feature-level regularization to mimic the original data distribution in latent space. We instantiate our proposed framework with three popular NAS algorithms: DARTS, ProxylessNAS and SPOS. Surprisingly, our results demonstrate that the architectures discovered by searching with our synthetic data achieve accuracy that is comparable to, or even higher than, architectures discovered by searching from the original ones, for the first time, deriving the conclusion that NAS can be done effectively with no need of access to the original or called natural data if the synthesis method is well designed. Our code will be publicly available.      
### 54.A Structured Dictionary Perspective on Implicit Neural Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01917.pdf)
>  Propelled by new designs that permit to circumvent the spectral bias, implicit neural representations (INRs) have recently emerged as a promising alternative to classical discretized representations of signals. Nevertheless, despite their practical success, we still lack a proper theoretical characterization of how INRs represent signals. In this work, we aim to fill this gap, and we propose a novel unified perspective to theoretically analyse INRs. Leveraging results from harmonic analysis and deep learning theory, we show that most INR families are analogous to structured signal dictionaries whose atoms are integer harmonics of the set of initial mapping frequencies. This structure allows INRs to express signals with an exponentially increasing frequency support using a number of parameters that only grows linearly with depth. Afterwards, we explore the inductive bias of INRs exploiting recent results about the empirical neural tangent kernel (NTK). Specifically, we show that the eigenfunctions of the NTK can be seen as dictionary atoms whose inner product with the target signal determines the final performance of their reconstruction. In this regard, we reveal that meta-learning the initialization has a reshaping effect of the NTK analogous to dictionary learning, building dictionary atoms as a combination of the examples seen during meta-training. Our results permit to design and tune novel INR architectures, but can also be of interest for the wider deep learning theory community.      
### 55.Towards Super-Resolution CEST MRI for Visualization of Small Structures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01905.pdf)
>  The onset of rheumatic diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis is typically subclinical, which results in challenging early detection of the disease. However, characteristic changes in the anatomy can be detected using imaging techniques such as MRI or CT. Modern imaging techniques such as chemical exchange saturation transfer (CEST) MRI drive the hope to improve early detection even further through the imaging of metabolites in the body. To image small structures in the joints of patients, typically one of the first regions where changes due to the disease occur, a high resolution for the CEST MR imaging is necessary. Currently, however, CEST MR suffers from an inherently low resolution due to the underlying physical constraints of the acquisition. In this work we compared established up-sampling techniques to neural network-based super-resolution approaches. We could show, that neural networks are able to learn the mapping from low-resolution to high-resolution unsaturated CEST images considerably better than present methods. On the test set a PSNR of 32.29dB (+10%), a NRMSE of 0.14 (+28%), and a SSIM of 0.85 (+15%) could be achieved using a ResNet neural network, improving the baseline considerably. This work paves the way for the prospective investigation of neural networks for super-resolution CEST MRI and, followingly, might lead to a earlier detection of the onset of rheumatic diseases.      
### 56.Cross-modal Knowledge Distillation for Vision-to-Sensor Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01849.pdf)
>  Human activity recognition (HAR) based on multi-modal approach has been recently shown to improve the accuracy performance of HAR. However, restricted computational resources associated with wearable devices, i.e., smartwatch, failed to directly support such advanced methods. To tackle this issue, this study introduces an end-to-end Vision-to-Sensor Knowledge Distillation (VSKD) framework. In this VSKD framework, only time-series data, i.e., accelerometer data, is needed from wearable devices during the testing phase. Therefore, this framework will not only reduce the computational demands on edge devices, but also produce a learning model that closely matches the performance of the computational expensive multi-modal approach. In order to retain the local temporal relationship and facilitate visual deep learning models, we first convert time-series data to two-dimensional images by applying the Gramian Angular Field ( GAF) based encoding method. We adopted ResNet18 and multi-scale TRN with BN-Inception as teacher and student network in this study, respectively. A novel loss function, named Distance and Angle-wised Semantic Knowledge loss (DASK), is proposed to mitigate the modality variations between the vision and the sensor domain. Extensive experimental results on UTD-MHAD, MMAct, and Berkeley-MHAD datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and competitiveness of the proposed VSKD model which can deployed on wearable sensors.      
### 57.Graph-Guided Deformation for Point Cloud Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01840.pdf)
>  For a long time, the point cloud completion task has been regarded as a pure generation task. After obtaining the global shape code through the encoder, a complete point cloud is generated using the shape priorly learnt by the networks. However, such models are undesirably biased towards prior average objects and inherently limited to fit geometry details. In this paper, we propose a Graph-Guided Deformation Network, which respectively regards the input data and intermediate generation as controlling and supporting points, and models the optimization guided by a graph convolutional network(GCN) for the point cloud completion task. Our key insight is to simulate the least square Laplacian deformation process via mesh deformation methods, which brings adaptivity for modeling variation in geometry details. By this means, we also reduce the gap between the completion task and the mesh deformation algorithms. As far as we know, we are the first to refine the point cloud completion task by mimicing traditional graphics algorithms with GCN-guided deformation. We have conducted extensive experiments on both the simulated indoor dataset ShapeNet, outdoor dataset KITTI, and our self-collected autonomous driving dataset Pandar40. The results show that our method outperforms the existing state-of-the-art algorithms in the 3D point cloud completion task.      
### 58.Lightweight Attentional Feature Fusion for Video Retrieval by Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01832.pdf)
>  In this paper, we revisit \emph{feature fusion}, an old-fashioned topic, in the new context of video retrieval by text. Different from previous research that considers feature fusion only at one end, let it be video or text, we aim for feature fusion for both ends within a unified framework. We hypothesize that optimizing the convex combination of the features is preferred to modeling their correlations by computationally heavy multi-head self-attention. Accordingly, we propose Lightweight Attentional Feature Fusion (LAFF). LAFF performs feature fusion at both early and late stages and at both video and text ends, making it a powerful method for exploiting diverse (off-the-shelf) features. Extensive experiments on four public datasets, i.e. MSR-VTT, MSVD, TGIF, VATEX, and the large-scale TRECVID AVS benchmark evaluations (2016-2020) show the viability of LAFF. Moreover, LAFF is extremely simple to implement, making it appealing for real-world deployment.      
### 59.Music-to-Dance Generation with Optimal Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01806.pdf)
>  Dance choreography for a piece of music is a challenging task, having to be creative in presenting distinctive stylistic dance elements while taking into account the musical theme and rhythm. It has been tackled by different approaches such as similarity retrieval, sequence-to-sequence modeling and generative adversarial networks, but their generated dance sequences are often short of motion realism, diversity and music consistency. In this paper, we propose a Music-to-Dance with Optimal Transport Network (MDOT-Net) for learning to generate 3D dance choreographs from music. We introduce an optimal transport distance for evaluating the authenticity of the generated dance distribution and a Gromov-Wasserstein distance to measure the correspondence between the dance distribution and the input music. This gives a well defined and non-divergent training objective that mitigates the limitation of standard GAN training which is frequently plagued with instability and divergent generator loss issues. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our MDOT-Net can synthesize realistic and diverse dances which achieve an organic unity with the input music, reflecting the shared intentionality and matching the rhythmic articulation.      
### 60.Detection of Large Vessel Occlusions using Deep Learning by Deforming Vessel Tree Segmentations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01797.pdf)
>  Computed Tomography Angiography is a key modality providing insights into the cerebrovascular vessel tree that are crucial for the diagnosis and treatment of ischemic strokes, in particular in cases of large vessel occlusions (LVO). Thus, the clinical workflow greatly benefits from an automated detection of patients suffering from LVOs. This work uses convolutional neural networks for case-level classification trained with elastic deformation of the vessel tree segmentation masks to artificially augment training data. Using only masks as the input to our model uniquely allows us to apply such deformations much more aggressively than one could with conventional image volumes while retaining sample realism. <br>The neural network classifies the presence of an LVO and the affected hemisphere. In a 5-fold cross validated ablation study, we demonstrate that the use of the suggested augmentation enables us to train robust models even from few data sets. Training the EfficientNetB1 architecture on 100 data sets, the proposed augmentation scheme was able to raise the ROC AUC to 0.85 from a baseline value of 0.57 using no augmentation. The best performance was achieved using a 3D-DenseNet yielding an AUC of 0.88. The augmentation had positive impact in classification of the affected hemisphere as well, where the 3D-DenseNet reached an AUC of 0.93 on both sides.      
### 61.SSDL: Self-Supervised Dictionary Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01790.pdf)
>  The label-embedded dictionary learning (DL) algorithms generate influential dictionaries by introducing discriminative information. However, there exists a limitation: All the label-embedded DL methods rely on the labels due that this way merely achieves ideal performances in supervised learning. While in semi-supervised and unsupervised learning, it is no longer sufficient to be effective. Inspired by the concept of self-supervised learning (e.g., setting the pretext task to generate a universal model for the downstream task), we propose a Self-Supervised Dictionary Learning (SSDL) framework to address this challenge. Specifically, we first design a $p$-Laplacian Attention Hypergraph Learning (pAHL) block as the pretext task to generate pseudo soft labels for DL. Then, we adopt the pseudo labels to train a dictionary from a primary label-embedded DL method. We evaluate our SSDL on two human activity recognition datasets. The comparison results with other state-of-the-art methods have demonstrated the efficiency of SSDL.      
### 62.Fully automatic integration of dental CBCT images and full-arch intraoral impressions with stitching error correction via individual tooth segmentation and identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01784.pdf)
>  We present a fully automated method of integrating intraoral scan (IOS) and dental cone-beam computerized tomography (CBCT) images into one image by complementing each image's weaknesses. Dental CBCT alone may not be able to delineate precise details of the tooth surface due to limited image resolution and various CBCT artifacts, including metal-induced artifacts. IOS is very accurate for the scanning of narrow areas, but it produces cumulative stitching errors during full-arch scanning. The proposed method is intended not only to compensate the low-quality of CBCT-derived tooth surfaces with IOS, but also to correct the cumulative stitching errors of IOS across the entire dental arch. Moreover, the integration provide both gingival structure of IOS and tooth roots of CBCT in one image. The proposed fully automated method consists of four parts; (i) individual tooth segmentation and identification module for IOS data (TSIM-IOS); (ii) individual tooth segmentation and identification module for CBCT data (TSIM-CBCT); (iii) global-to-local tooth registration between IOS and CBCT; and (iv) stitching error correction of full-arch IOS. The experimental results show that the proposed method achieved landmark and surface distance errors of 0.11mm and 0.30mm, respectively.      
### 63.MT-TransUNet: Mediating Multi-Task Tokens in Transformers for Skin Lesion Segmentation and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01767.pdf)
>  Recent advances in automated skin cancer diagnosis have yielded performance on par with board-certified dermatologists. However, these approaches formulated skin cancer diagnosis as a simple classification task, dismissing the potential benefit from lesion segmentation. We argue that an accurate lesion segmentation can supplement the classification task with additive lesion information, such as asymmetry, border, intensity, and physical size; in turn, a faithful lesion classification can support the segmentation task with discriminant lesion features. To this end, this paper proposes a new multi-task framework, named MT-TransUNet, which is capable of segmenting and classifying skin lesions collaboratively by mediating multi-task tokens in Transformers. Furthermore, we have introduced dual-task and attended region consistency losses to take advantage of those images without pixel-level annotation, ensuring the model's robustness when it encounters the same image with an account of augmentation. Our MT-TransUNet exceeds the previous state of the art for lesion segmentation and classification tasks in ISIC-2017 and PH2; more importantly, it preserves compelling computational efficiency regarding model parameters (48M~vs.~130M) and inference speed (0.17s~vs.~2.02s per image). Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JingyeChen/MT-TransUNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 64.Reduced, Reused and Recycled: The Life of a Dataset in Machine Learning Research  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01716.pdf)
>  Benchmark datasets play a central role in the organization of machine learning research. They coordinate researchers around shared research problems and serve as a measure of progress towards shared goals. Despite the foundational role of benchmarking practices in this field, relatively little attention has been paid to the dynamics of benchmark dataset use and reuse, within or across machine learning subcommunities. In this paper, we dig into these dynamics. We study how dataset usage patterns differ across machine learning subcommunities and across time from 2015-2020. We find increasing concentration on fewer and fewer datasets within task communities, significant adoption of datasets from other tasks, and concentration across the field on datasets that have been introduced by researchers situated within a small number of elite institutions. Our results have implications for scientific evaluation, AI ethics, and equity/access within the field.      
### 65.Localized Feature Aggregation Module for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01702.pdf)
>  We propose a new information aggregation method which called Localized Feature Aggregation Module based on the similarity between the feature maps of an encoder and a decoder. The proposed method recovers positional information by emphasizing the similarity between decoder's feature maps with superior semantic information and encoder's feature maps with superior positional information. The proposed method can learn positional information more efficiently than conventional concatenation in the U-net and attention U-net. Additionally, the proposed method also uses localized attention range to reduce the computational cost. Two innovations contributed to improve the segmentation accuracy with lower computational cost. By experiments on the Drosophila cell image dataset and COVID-19 image dataset, we confirmed that our method outperformed conventional methods.      
### 66.Engineering AI Tools for Systematic and Scalable Quality Assessment in Magnetic Resonance Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01629.pdf)
>  A desire to achieve large medical imaging datasets keeps increasing as machine learning algorithms, parallel computing, and hardware technology evolve. Accordingly, there is a growing demand in pooling data from multiple clinical and academic institutes to enable large-scale clinical or translational research studies. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a frequently used, non-invasive imaging modality. However, constructing a big MRI data repository has multiple challenges related to privacy, data size, DICOM format, logistics, and non-standardized images. Not only building the data repository is difficult, but using data pooled from the repository is also challenging, due to heterogeneity in image acquisition, reconstruction, and processing pipelines across MRI vendors and imaging sites. This position paper describes challenges in constructing a large MRI data repository and using data downloaded from such data repositories in various aspects. To help address the challenges, the paper proposes introducing a quality assessment pipeline, with considerations and general design principles.      
### 67.Quantifying the uncertainty of neural networks using Monte Carlo dropout for deep learning based quantitative MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01587.pdf)
>  Dropout is conventionally used during the training phase as regularization method and for quantifying uncertainty in deep learning. We propose to use dropout during training as well as inference steps, and average multiple predictions to improve the accuracy, while reducing and quantifying the uncertainty. The results are evaluated for fractional anisotropy (FA) and mean diffusivity (MD) maps which are obtained from only 3 direction scans. With our method, accuracy can be improved significantly compared to network outputs without dropout, especially when the training dataset is small. Moreover, confidence maps are generated which may aid in diagnosis of unseen pathology or artifacts.      
### 68.Fast Neural Representations for Direct Volume Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01579.pdf)
>  Despite the potential of neural scene representations to effectively compress 3D scalar fields at high reconstruction quality, the computational complexity of the training and data reconstruction step using scene representation networks limits their use in practical applications. In this paper, we analyze whether scene representation networks can be modified to reduce these limitations and whether these architectures can also be used for temporal reconstruction tasks. We propose a novel design of scene representation networks using GPU tensor cores to integrate the reconstruction seamlessly into on-chip raytracing kernels. Furthermore, we investigate the use of image-guided network training as an alternative to classical data-driven approaches, and we explore the potential strengths and weaknesses of this alternative regarding quality and speed. As an alternative to spatial super-resolution approaches for time-varying fields, we propose a solution that builds upon latent-space interpolation to enable random access reconstruction at arbitrary granularity. We summarize our findings in the form of an assessment of the strengths and limitations of scene representation networks for scientific visualization tasks and outline promising future research directions in this field.      
### 69.Learning to automate cryo-electron microscopy data collection with Ptolemy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01534.pdf)
>  Over the past decade, cryogenic electron microscopy (cryo-EM) has emerged as a primary method for determining near-native, near-atomic resolution 3D structures of biological macromolecules. In order to meet increasing demand for cryo-EM, automated methods to improve throughput and efficiency while lowering costs are needed. Currently, the process of collecting high-magnification cryo-EM micrographs, data collection, requires human input and manual tuning of parameters, as expert operators must navigate low- and medium-magnification images to find good high-magnification collection locations. Automating this is non-trivial: the images suffer from low signal-to-noise ratio and are affected by a range of experimental parameters that can differ for each collection session. Here, we use various computer vision algorithms, including mixture models, convolutional neural networks (CNNs), and U-Nets to develop the first pipeline to automate low- and medium-magnification targeting with purpose-built algorithms. Learned models in this pipeline are trained on a large internal dataset of images from real world cryo-EM data collection sessions, labeled with locations that were selected by operators. Using these models, we show that we can effectively detect and classify regions of interest (ROIs) in low- and medium-magnification images, and can generalize to unseen sessions, as well as to images captured using different microscopes from external facilities. We expect our pipeline, Ptolemy, will be both immediately useful as a tool for automation of cryo-EM data collection, and serve as a foundation for future advanced methods for efficient and automated cryo-EM microscopy.      
### 70.Automatic tumour segmentation in H&amp;E-stained whole-slide images of the pancreas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01533.pdf)
>  Pancreatic cancer will soon be the second leading cause of cancer-related death in Western society. Imaging techniques such as CT, MRI and ultrasound typically help providing the initial diagnosis, but histopathological assessment is still the gold standard for final confirmation of disease presence and prognosis. In recent years machine learning approaches and pathomics pipelines have shown potential in improving diagnostics and prognostics in other cancerous entities, such as breast and prostate cancer. A crucial first step in these pipelines is typically identification and segmentation of the tumour area. Ideally this step is done automatically to prevent time consuming manual annotation. We propose a multi-task convolutional neural network to balance disease detection and segmentation accuracy. We validated our approach on a dataset of 29 patients (for a total of 58 slides) at different resolutions. The best single task segmentation network achieved a median Dice of 0.885 (0.122) IQR at a resolution of 15.56 $\mu$m. Our multi-task network improved on that with a median Dice score of 0.934 (0.077) IQR.      
