# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 22 Dec 2021
### 1.GOAL: Generating 4D Whole-Body Motion for Hand-Object Grasping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11454.pdf)
>  Generating digital humans that move realistically has many applications and is widely studied, but existing methods focus on the major limbs of the body, ignoring the hands and head. Hands have been separately studied but the focus has been on generating realistic static grasps of objects. To synthesize virtual characters that interact with the world, we need to generate full-body motions and realistic hand grasps simultaneously. Both sub-problems are challenging on their own and, together, the state-space of poses is significantly larger, the scales of hand and body motions differ, and the whole-body posture and the hand grasp must agree, satisfy physical constraints, and be plausible. Additionally, the head is involved because the avatar must look at the object to interact with it. For the first time, we address the problem of generating full-body, hand and head motions of an avatar grasping an unknown object. As input, our method, called GOAL, takes a 3D object, its position, and a starting 3D body pose and shape. GOAL outputs a sequence of whole-body poses using two novel networks. First, GNet generates a goal whole-body grasp with a realistic body, head, arm, and hand pose, as well as hand-object contact. Second, MNet generates the motion between the starting and goal pose. This is challenging, as it requires the avatar to walk towards the object with foot-ground contact, orient the head towards it, reach out, and grasp it with a realistic hand pose and hand-object contact. To achieve this the networks exploit a representation that combines SMPL-X body parameters and 3D vertex offsets. We train and evaluate GOAL, both qualitatively and quantitatively, on the GRAB dataset. Results show that GOAL generalizes well to unseen objects, outperforming baselines. GOAL takes a step towards synthesizing realistic full-body object grasping.      
### 2.Learned Queries for Efficient Local Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11435.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViT) serve as powerful vision models. Unlike convolutional neural networks, which dominated vision research in previous years, vision transformers enjoy the ability to capture long-range dependencies in the data. Nonetheless, an integral part of any transformer architecture, the self-attention mechanism, suffers from high latency and inefficient memory utilization, making it less suitable for high-resolution input images. To alleviate these shortcomings, hierarchical vision models locally employ self-attention on non-interleaving windows. This relaxation reduces the complexity to be linear in the input size; however, it limits the cross-window interaction, hurting the model performance. In this paper, we propose a new shift-invariant local attention layer, called query and attend (QnA), that aggregates the input locally in an overlapping manner, much like convolutions. The key idea behind QnA is to introduce learned queries, which allow fast and efficient implementation. We verify the effectiveness of our layer by incorporating it into a hierarchical vision transformer model. We show improvements in speed and memory complexity while achieving comparable accuracy with state-of-the-art models. Finally, our layer scales especially well with window size, requiring up-to x10 less memory while being up-to x5 faster than existing methods.      
### 3.StyleSDF: High-Resolution 3D-Consistent Image and Geometry Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11427.pdf)
>  We introduce a high resolution, 3D-consistent image and shape generation technique which we call StyleSDF. Our method is trained on single-view RGB data only, and stands on the shoulders of StyleGAN2 for image generation, while solving two main challenges in 3D-aware GANs: 1) high-resolution, view-consistent generation of the RGB images, and 2) detailed 3D shape. We achieve this by merging a SDF-based 3D representation with a style-based 2D generator. Our 3D implicit network renders low-resolution feature maps, from which the style-based network generates view-consistent, 1024x1024 images. Notably, our SDF-based 3D modeling defines detailed 3D surfaces, leading to consistent volume rendering. Our method shows higher quality results compared to state of the art in terms of visual and geometric quality.      
### 4.ADJUST: A Dictionary-Based Joint Reconstruction and Unmixing Method for Spectral Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11406.pdf)
>  Advances in multi-spectral detectors are causing a paradigm shift in X-ray Computed Tomography (CT). Spectral information acquired from these detectors can be used to extract volumetric material composition maps of the object of interest. If the materials and their spectral responses are known a priori, the image reconstruction step is rather straightforward. If they are not known, however, the maps as well as the responses need to be estimated jointly. A conventional workflow in spectral CT involves performing volume reconstruction followed by material decomposition, or vice versa. However, these methods inherently suffer from the ill-posedness of the joint reconstruction problem. To resolve this issue, we propose `A Dictionary-based Joint reconstruction and Unmixing method for Spectral Tomography' (ADJUST). Our formulation relies on forming a dictionary of spectral signatures of materials common in CT and prior knowledge of the number of materials present in an object. In particular, we decompose the spectral volume linearly in terms of spatial material maps, a spectral dictionary, and the indicator of materials for the dictionary elements. We propose a memory-efficient accelerated alternating proximal gradient method to find an approximate solution to the resulting bi-convex problem. From numerical demonstrations on several synthetic phantoms, we observe that ADJUST performs exceedingly well when compared to other state-of-the-art methods. Additionally, we address the robustness of ADJUST against limited measurement patterns.      
### 5.Sports Video: Fine-Grained Action Detection and Classification of Table Tennis Strokes from Videos for MediaEval 2021  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11384.pdf)
>  Sports video analysis is a prevalent research topic due to the variety of application areas, ranging from multimedia intelligent devices with user-tailored digests up to analysis of athletes' performance. The Sports Video task is part of the MediaEval 2021 benchmark. This task tackles fine-grained action detection and classification from videos. The focus is on recordings of table tennis games. Running since 2019, the task has offered a classification challenge from untrimmed video recorded in natural conditions with known temporal boundaries for each stroke. This year, the dataset is extended and offers, in addition, a detection challenge from untrimmed videos without annotations. This work aims at creating tools for sports coaches and players in order to analyze sports performance. Movement analysis and player profiling may be built upon such technology to enrich the training experience of athletes and improve their performance.      
### 6.Shape from Polarization for Complex Scenes in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11377.pdf)
>  We present a new data-driven approach with physics-based priors to scene-level normal estimation from a single polarization image. Existing shape from polarization (SfP) works mainly focus on estimating the normal of a single object rather than complex scenes in the wild. A key barrier to high-quality scene-level SfP is the lack of real-world SfP data in complex scenes. Hence, we contribute the first real-world scene-level SfP dataset with paired input polarization images and ground-truth normal maps. Then we propose a learning-based framework with a multi-head self-attention module and viewing encoding, which is designed to handle increasing polarization ambiguities caused by complex materials and non-orthographic projection in scene-level SfP. Our trained model can be generalized to far-field outdoor scenes as the relationship between polarized light and surface normals is not affected by distance. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach significantly outperforms existing SfP models on two datasets. Our dataset and source code will be publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ChenyangLEI/sfp-wild" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 7.Contrastive Object Detection Using Knowledge Graph Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11366.pdf)
>  Object recognition for the most part has been approached as a one-hot problem that treats classes to be discrete and unrelated. Each image region has to be assigned to one member of a set of objects, including a background class, disregarding any similarities in the object types. In this work, we compare the error statistics of the class embeddings learned from a one-hot approach with semantically structured embeddings from natural language processing or knowledge graphs that are widely applied in open world object detection. Extensive experimental results on multiple knowledge-embeddings as well as distance metrics indicate that knowledge-based class representations result in more semantically grounded misclassifications while performing on par compared to one-hot methods on the challenging COCO and Cityscapes object detection benchmarks. We generalize our findings to multiple object detection architectures by proposing a knowledge-embedded design for keypoint-based and transformer-based object detection architectures.      
### 8.Watch It Move: Unsupervised Discovery of 3D Joints for Re-Posing of Articulated Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11347.pdf)
>  Rendering articulated objects while controlling their poses is critical to applications such as virtual reality or animation for movies. Manipulating the pose of an object, however, requires the understanding of its underlying structure, that is, its joints and how they interact with each other. Unfortunately, assuming the structure to be known, as existing methods do, precludes the ability to work on new object categories. We propose to learn both the appearance and the structure of previously unseen articulated objects by observing them move from multiple views, with no additional supervision, such as joints annotations, or information about the structure. Our insight is that adjacent parts that move relative to each other must be connected by a joint. To leverage this observation, we model the object parts in 3D as ellipsoids, which allows us to identify joints. We combine this explicit representation with an implicit one that compensates for the approximation introduced. We show that our method works for different structures, from quadrupeds, to single-arm robots, to humans.      
### 9.Transferable End-to-end Room Layout Estimation via Implicit Encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11340.pdf)
>  We study the problem of estimating room layouts from a single panorama image. Most former works have two stages: feature extraction and parametric model fitting. Here we propose an end-to-end method that directly predicts parametric layouts from an input panorama image. It exploits an implicit encoding procedure that embeds parametric layouts into a latent space. Then learning a mapping from images to this latent space makes end-to-end room layout estimation possible. However end-to-end methods have several notorious drawbacks despite many intriguing properties. A widely raised criticism is that they are troubled with dataset bias and do not transfer to unfamiliar domains. Our study echos this common belief. To this end, we propose to use semantic boundary prediction maps as an intermediate domain. It brings significant performance boost on four benchmarks (Structured3D, PanoContext, S3DIS, and Matterport3D), notably in the zero-shot transfer setting. Code, data, and models will be released.      
### 10.Deep Learning Based 3D Point Cloud Regression for Estimating Forest Biomass  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11335.pdf)
>  Knowledge of forest biomass stocks and their development is important for implementing effective climate change mitigation measures. It is needed for studying the processes driving af-, re-, and deforestation and is a prerequisite for carbon-accounting. Remote sensing using airborne LiDAR can be used to measure vegetation biomass at large scale. We present deep learning systems for predicting wood volume, above-ground biomass (AGB), and subsequently carbon directly from 3D LiDAR point cloud data. We devise different neural network architectures for point cloud regression and evaluate them on remote sensing data of areas for which AGB estimates have been obtained from field measurements in a national forest inventory. Our adaptation of Minkowski convolutional neural networks for regression gave the best results. The deep neural networks produced significantly more accurate wood volume, AGB, and carbon estimates compared to state-of-the-art approaches operating on basic statistics of the point clouds, and we expect this finding to have a strong impact on LiDAR-based analyses of terrestrial ecosystem dynamics.      
### 11.Multispectral image fusion by super pixel statistics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11329.pdf)
>  Multispectral image fusion is a fundamental problem of remote sensing and image processing. This problem is addressed by both classic and deep learning approaches. This paper is focused on the classic solutions and introduces a new novel approach to this family. The proposed method carries out multispectral image fusion based on the content of the fused images. It relies on analysis based on the level of information on segmented superpixels in the fused inputs. Specifically, I address the task of visible color RGB to Near-Infrared (NIR) fusion. The RGB image captures the color of the scene while the NIR captures details and sees beyond haze and clouds. Since each channel senses different information of the scene, their fusion is challenging and interesting. The proposed method is designed to produce a fusion that contains both advantages of each spectra. This manuscript experiments show that the proposed method is visually informative with respect to other classic fusion methods which can be run fastly on embedded devices with no need for heavy computation resources.      
### 12.iSegFormer: Interactive Image Segmentation with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11325.pdf)
>  We propose iSegFormer, a novel transformer-based approach for interactive image segmentation. iSegFormer is built upon existing segmentation transformers with user clicks as an additional input, allowing users to interactively and iteratively refine the segmentation mask.      
### 13.Review of Face Presentation Attack Detection Competitions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11290.pdf)
>  Face presentation attack detection (PAD) has received increasing attention ever since the vulnerabilities to spoofing have been widely recognized. The state of the art in unimodal and multi-modal face anti-spoofing has been assessed in eight international competitions organized in conjunction with major biometrics and computer vision conferences in 2011, 2013, 2017, 2019, 2020 and 2021, each introducing new challenges to the research community. In this chapter, we present the design and results of the five latest competitions from 2019 until 2021. The first two challenges aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of face PAD in multi-modal setup introducing near-infrared (NIR) and depth modalities in addition to colour camera data, while the latest three competitions focused on evaluating domain and attack type generalization abilities of face PAD algorithms operating on conventional colour images and videos. We also discuss the lessons learnt from the competitions and future challenges in the field in general.      
### 14.High-Fidelity Point Cloud Completion with Low-Resolution Recovery and Noise-Aware Upsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11271.pdf)
>  Completing an unordered partial point cloud is a challenging task. Existing approaches that rely on decoding a latent feature to recover the complete shape, often lead to the completed point cloud being over-smoothing, losing details, and noisy. Instead of decoding a whole shape, we propose to decode and refine a low-resolution (low-res) point cloud first, and then performs a patch-wise noise-aware upsampling rather than interpolating the whole sparse point cloud at once, which tends to lose details. Regarding the possibility of lacking details of the initially decoded low-res point cloud, we propose an iterative refinement to recover the geometric details and a symmetrization process to preserve the trustworthy information from the input partial point cloud. After obtaining a sparse and complete point cloud, we propose a patch-wise upsampling strategy. Patch-based upsampling allows to better recover fine details unlike decoding a whole shape, however, the existing upsampling methods are not applicable to completion task due to the data discrepancy (i.e., input sparse data here is not from ground-truth). Therefore, we propose a patch extraction approach to generate training patch pairs between the sparse and ground-truth point clouds, and an outlier removal step to suppress the noisy points from the sparse point cloud. Together with the low-res recovery, our whole method is able to achieve high-fidelity point cloud completion. Comprehensive evaluations are provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method and its individual components.      
### 15.PointCaps: Raw Point Cloud Processing using Capsule Networks with Euclidean Distance Routing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11258.pdf)
>  Raw point cloud processing using capsule networks is widely adopted in classification, reconstruction, and segmentation due to its ability to preserve spatial agreement of the input data. However, most of the existing capsule based network approaches are computationally heavy and fail at representing the entire point cloud as a single capsule. We address these limitations in existing capsule network based approaches by proposing PointCaps, a novel convolutional capsule architecture with parameter sharing. Along with PointCaps, we propose a novel Euclidean distance routing algorithm and a class-independent latent representation. The latent representation captures physically interpretable geometric parameters of the point cloud, with dynamic Euclidean routing, PointCaps well-represents the spatial (point-to-part) relationships of points. PointCaps has a significantly lower number of parameters and requires a significantly lower number of FLOPs while achieving better reconstruction with comparable classification and segmentation accuracy for raw point clouds compared to state-of-the-art capsule networks.      
### 16.Image quality enhancement of embedded holograms in holographic information hiding using deep neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11246.pdf)
>  Holographic information hiding is a technique for embedding holograms or images into another hologram, used for copyright protection and steganography of holograms. Using deep neural networks, we offer a way to improve the visual quality of embedded holograms. The brightness of an embedded hologram is set to a fraction of that of the host hologram, resulting in a barely damaged reconstructed image of the host hologram. However, it is difficult to perceive because the embedded hologram's reconstructed image is darker than the reconstructed host image. In this study, we use deep neural networks to restore the darkened image.      
### 17.Generating Photo-realistic Images from LiDAR Point Clouds with Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11245.pdf)
>  We examined the feasibility of generative adversarial networks (GANs) to generate photo-realistic images from LiDAR point clouds. For this purpose, we created a dataset of point cloud image pairs and trained the GAN to predict photorealistic images from LiDAR point clouds containing reflectance and distance information. Our models learned how to predict realistically looking images from just point cloud data, even images with black cars. Black cars are difficult to detect directly from point clouds because of their low level of reflectivity. This approach might be used in the future to perform visual object recognition on photorealistic images generated from LiDAR point clouds. In addition to the conventional LiDAR system, a second system that generates photorealistic images from LiDAR point clouds would run simultaneously for visual object recognition in real-time. In this way, we might preserve the supremacy of LiDAR and benefit from using photo-realistic images for visual object recognition without the usage of any camera. In addition, this approach could be used to colorize point clouds without the usage of any camera images.      
### 18.Hateful Memes Challenge: An Enhanced Multimodal Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11244.pdf)
>  Hateful Meme Challenge proposed by Facebook AI has attracted contestants around the world. The challenge focuses on detecting hateful speech in multimodal memes. Various state-of-the-art deep learning models have been applied to this problem and the performance on challenge's leaderboard has also been constantly improved. In this paper, we enhance the hateful detection framework, including utilizing Detectron for feature extraction, exploring different setups of VisualBERT and UNITER models with different loss functions, researching the association between the hateful memes and the sensitive text features, and finally building ensemble method to boost model performance. The AUROC of our fine-tuned VisualBERT, UNITER, and ensemble method achieves 0.765, 0.790, and 0.803 on the challenge's test set, respectively, which beats the baseline models. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yatingtian/hateful-meme" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 19.Projected Sliced Wasserstein Autoencoder-based Hyperspectral Images Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11243.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection (AD) has been an active research area in various domains. Yet, the increasing data scale, complexity, and dimension turn the traditional methods into challenging. Recently, the deep generative model, such as the variational autoencoder (VAE), has sparked a renewed interest in the AD problem. However, the probability distribution divergence used as the regularization is too strong, which causes the model cannot capture the manifold of the true data. In this paper, we propose the Projected Sliced Wasserstein (PSW) autoencoder-based anomaly detection method. Rooted in the optimal transportation, the PSW distance is a weaker distribution measure compared with $f$-divergence. In particular, the computation-friendly eigen-decomposition method is leveraged to find the principal component for slicing the high-dimensional data. In this case, the Wasserstein distance can be calculated with the closed-form, even the prior distribution is not Gaussian. Comprehensive experiments conducted on various real-world hyperspectral anomaly detection benchmarks demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed method.      
### 20.Unsupervised deep learning techniques for powdery mildew recognition based on multispectral imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11242.pdf)
>  Objectives. Sustainable management of plant diseases is an open challenge which has relevant economic and environmental impact. Optimal strategies rely on human expertise for field scouting under favourable conditions to assess the current presence and extent of disease symptoms. This labor-intensive task is complicated by the large field area to be scouted, combined with the millimeter-scale size of the early symptoms to be detected. In view of this, image-based detection of early disease symptoms is an attractive approach to automate this process, enabling a potential high throughput monitoring at sustainable costs. <br>Methods. Deep learning has been successfully applied in various domains to obtain an automatic selection of the relevant image features by learning filters via a training procedure. Deep learning has recently entered also the domain of plant disease detection: following this idea, in this work we present a deep learning approach to automatically recognize powdery mildew on cucumber leaves. We focus on unsupervised deep learning techniques applied to multispectral imaging data and we propose the use of autoencoder architectures to investigate two strategies for disease detection: i) clusterization of features in a compressed space; ii) anomaly detection. <br>Results. The two proposed approaches have been assessed by quantitative indices. The clusterization approach is not fully capable by itself to provide accurate predictions but it does cater relevant information. Anomaly detection has instead a significant potential of resolution which could be further exploited as a prior for supervised architectures with a very limited number of labeled samples.      
### 21.Improving Robustness with Image Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11235.pdf)
>  Adversarial robustness is one of the most challenging problems in Deep Learning and Computer Vision research. All the state-of-the-art techniques require a time-consuming procedure that creates cleverly perturbed images. Due to its cost, many solutions have been proposed to avoid Adversarial Training. However, all these attempts proved ineffective as the attacker manages to exploit spurious correlations among pixels to trigger brittle features implicitly learned by the model. This paper first introduces a new image filtering scheme called Image-Graph Extractor (IGE) that extracts the fundamental nodes of an image and their connections through a graph structure. By leveraging the IGE representation, we build a new defense method, Filtering As a Defense, that does not allow the attacker to entangle pixels to create malicious patterns. Moreover, we show that data augmentation with filtered images effectively improves the model's robustness to data corruption. We validate our techniques on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and ImageNet.      
### 22.Attention-Based Sensor Fusion for Human Activity Recognition Using IMU Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11224.pdf)
>  Human Activity Recognition (HAR) using wearable devices such as smart watches embedded with Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) sensors has various applications relevant to our daily life, such as workout tracking and health monitoring. In this paper, we propose a novel attention-based approach to human activity recognition using multiple IMU sensors worn at different body locations. Firstly, a sensor-wise feature extraction module is designed to extract the most discriminative features from individual sensors with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Secondly, an attention-based fusion mechanism is developed to learn the importance of sensors at different body locations and to generate an attentive feature representation. Finally, an inter-sensor feature extraction module is applied to learn the inter-sensor correlations, which are connected to a classifier to output the predicted classes of activities. The proposed approach is evaluated using five public datasets and it outperforms state-of-the-art methods on a wide variety of activity categories.      
### 23.Generalizable Cross-modality Medical Image Segmentation via Style Augmentation and Dual Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11177.pdf)
>  For medical image segmentation, imagine if a model was only trained using MR images in source domain, how about its performance to directly segment CT images in target domain? This setting, namely generalizable cross-modality segmentation, owning its clinical potential, is much more challenging than other related settings, e.g., domain adaptation. To achieve this goal, we in this paper propose a novel dual-normalization module by leveraging the augmented source-similar and source-dissimilar images during our generalizable segmentation. To be specific, given a single source domain, aiming to simulate the possible appearance change in unseen target domains, we first utilize a nonlinear transformation to augment source-similar and source-dissimilar images. Then, to sufficiently exploit these two types of augmentations, our proposed dual-normalization based model employs a shared backbone yet independent batch normalization layer for separate normalization. Afterwards, we put forward a style-based selection scheme to automatically choose the appropriate path in the test stage. Extensive experiments on three publicly available datasets, i.e., BraTS, Cross-Modality Cardiac and Abdominal Multi-Organ dataset, have demonstrated that our method outperforms other state-of-the-art domain generalization methods.      
### 24.PONet: Robust 3D Human Pose Estimation via Learning Orientations Only  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11153.pdf)
>  Conventional 3D human pose estimation relies on first detecting 2D body keypoints and then solving the 2D to 3D correspondence problem.Despite the promising results, this learning paradigm is highly dependent on the quality of the 2D keypoint detector, which is inevitably fragile to occlusions and out-of-image <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://absences.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper,we propose a novel Pose Orientation Net (PONet) that is able to robustly estimate 3D pose by learning orientations only, hence bypassing the error-prone keypoint detector in the absence of image evidence. For images with partially invisible limbs, PONet estimates the 3D orientation of these limbs by taking advantage of the local image evidence to recover the 3D pose.Moreover, PONet is competent to infer full 3D poses even from images with completely invisible limbs, by exploiting the orientation correlation between visible limbs to complement the estimated poses,further improving the robustness of 3D pose estimation.We evaluate our method on multiple datasets, including Human3.6M, MPII, MPI-INF-3DHP, and 3DPW. Our method achieves results on par with state-of-the-art techniques in ideal settings, yet significantly eliminates the dependency on keypoint detectors and the corresponding computation burden. In highly challenging scenarios, such as truncation and erasing, our method performs very robustly and yields much superior results as compared to state of the art,demonstrating its potential for real-world applications.      
### 25.Cloud Sphere: A 3D Shape Representation via Progressive Deformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11133.pdf)
>  In the area of 3D shape analysis, the geometric properties of a shape have long been studied. Instead of directly extracting representative features using expert-designed descriptors or end-to-end deep neural networks, this paper is dedicated to discovering distinctive information from the shape formation process. Concretely, a spherical point cloud served as the template is progressively deformed to fit the target shape in a coarse-to-fine manner. During the shape formation process, several checkpoints are inserted to facilitate recording and investigating the intermediate stages. For each stage, the offset field is evaluated as a stage-aware description. The summation of the offsets throughout the shape formation process can completely define the target shape in terms of geometry. In this perspective, one can derive the point-wise shape correspondence from the template inexpensively, which benefits various graphic applications. In this paper, the Progressive Deformation-based Auto-Encoder (PDAE) is proposed to learn the stage-aware description through a coarse-to-fine shape fitting task. Experimental results show that the proposed PDAE has the ability to reconstruct 3D shapes with high fidelity, and consistent topology is preserved in the multi-stage deformation process. Additional applications based on the stage-aware description are performed, demonstrating its universality.      
### 26.Learning Human Motion Prediction via Stochastic Differential Equations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11124.pdf)
>  Human motion understanding and prediction is an integral aspect in our pursuit of machine intelligence and human-machine interaction systems. Current methods typically pursue a kinematics modeling approach, relying heavily upon prior anatomical knowledge and constraints. However, such an approach is hard to generalize to different skeletal model representations, and also tends to be inadequate in accounting for the dynamic range and complexity of motion, thus hindering predictive accuracy. In this work, we propose a novel approach in modeling the motion prediction problem based on stochastic differential equations and path integrals. The motion profile of each skeletal joint is formulated as a basic stochastic variable and modeled with the Langevin equation. We develop a strategy of employing GANs to simulate path integrals that amounts to optimizing over possible future paths. We conduct experiments in two large benchmark datasets, Human 3.6M and CMU MoCap. It is highlighted that our approach achieves a 12.48% accuracy improvement over current state-of-the-art methods in average.      
### 27.Efficient Registration of Forest Point Clouds by Global Matching of Relative Stem Positions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11121.pdf)
>  Registering point clouds of forest environments is an essential prerequisite for LiDAR applications in precision forestry. State-of-the-art methods for forest point cloud registration require the extraction of individual tree attributes, and they have an efficiency bottleneck when dealing with point clouds of real-world forests with dense trees. We propose an automatic, robust, and efficient method for the registration of forest point clouds. Our approach first locates tree stems from raw point clouds and then matches the stems based on their relative spatial relationship to determine the registration transformation. In contrast to existing methods, our algorithm requires no extra individual tree attributes and has linear complexity to the number of trees in the environment, allowing it to align point clouds of large forest environments. Extensive experiments have revealed that our method is superior to the state-of-the-art methods regarding registration accuracy and robustness, and it significantly outperforms existing techniques in terms of efficiency. Besides, we introduce a new benchmark dataset that complements the very few existing open datasets for the development and evaluation of registration methods for forest point clouds. The source code of our method and the dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zexinyang/AlignTree" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.EPNet++: Cascade Bi-directional Fusion for Multi-Modal 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11088.pdf)
>  Recently, fusing the LiDAR point cloud and camera image to improve the performance and robustness of 3D object detection has received more and more attention, as these two modalities naturally possess strong complementarity. In this paper, we propose EPNet++ for multi-modal 3D object detection by introducing a novel Cascade Bi-directional Fusion~(CB-Fusion) module and a Multi-Modal Consistency~(MC) loss. More concretely, the proposed CB-Fusion module boosts the plentiful semantic information of point features with the image features in a cascade bi-directional interaction fusion manner, leading to more comprehensive and discriminative feature representations. The MC loss explicitly guarantees the consistency between predicted scores from two modalities to obtain more comprehensive and reliable confidence scores. The experiment results on the KITTI, JRDB and SUN-RGBD datasets demonstrate the superiority of EPNet++ over the state-of-the-art methods. Besides, we emphasize a critical but easily overlooked problem, which is to explore the performance and robustness of a 3D detector in a sparser scene. Extensive experiments present that EPNet++ outperforms the existing SOTA methods with remarkable margins in highly sparse point cloud cases, which might be an available direction to reduce the expensive cost of LiDAR sensors. Code will be released in the future.      
### 29.Can We Use Neural Regularization to Solve Depth Super-Resolution?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11085.pdf)
>  Depth maps captured with commodity sensors often require super-resolution to be used in applications. In this work we study a super-resolution approach based on a variational problem statement with Tikhonov regularization where the regularizer is parametrized with a deep neural network. This approach was previously applied successfully in photoacoustic tomography. We experimentally show that its application to depth map super-resolution is difficult, and provide suggestions about the reasons for that.      
### 30.RepMLPNet: Hierarchical Vision MLP with Re-parameterized Locality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11081.pdf)
>  Compared to convolutional layers, fully-connected (FC) layers are better at modeling the long-range dependencies but worse at capturing the local patterns, hence usually less favored for image recognition. In this paper, we propose a methodology, Locality Injection, to incorporate local priors into an FC layer via merging the trained parameters of a parallel conv kernel into the FC kernel. Locality Injection can be viewed as a novel Structural Re-parameterization method since it equivalently converts the structures via transforming the parameters. Based on that, we propose a multi-layer-perceptron (MLP) block named RepMLP Block, which uses three FC layers to extract features, and a novel architecture named RepMLPNet. The hierarchical design distinguishes RepMLPNet from the other concurrently proposed vision MLPs. As it produces feature maps of different levels, it qualifies as a backbone model for downstream tasks like semantic segmentation. Our results reveal that 1) Locality Injection is a general methodology for MLP models; 2) RepMLPNet has favorable accuracy-efficiency trade-off compared to the other MLPs; 3) RepMLPNet is the first MLP that seamlessly transfer to Cityscapes semantic segmentation. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DingXiaoH/RepMLP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.SOIT: Segmenting Objects with Instance-Aware Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11037.pdf)
>  This paper presents an end-to-end instance segmentation framework, termed SOIT, that Segments Objects with Instance-aware Transformers. Inspired by DETR \cite{carion2020end}, our method views instance segmentation as a direct set prediction problem and effectively removes the need for many hand-crafted components like RoI cropping, one-to-many label assignment, and non-maximum suppression (NMS). In SOIT, multiple queries are learned to directly reason a set of object embeddings of semantic category, bounding-box location, and pixel-wise mask in parallel under the global image context. The class and bounding-box can be easily embedded by a fixed-length vector. The pixel-wise mask, especially, is embedded by a group of parameters to construct a lightweight instance-aware transformer. Afterward, a full-resolution mask is produced by the instance-aware transformer without involving any RoI-based operation. Overall, SOIT introduces a simple single-stage instance segmentation framework that is both RoI- and NMS-free. Experimental results on the MS COCO dataset demonstrate that SOIT outperforms state-of-the-art instance segmentation approaches significantly. Moreover, the joint learning of multiple tasks in a unified query embedding can also substantially improve the detection performance. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yuxiaodongHRI/SOIT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 32.fMRI Neurofeedback Learning Patterns are Predictive of Personal and Clinical Traits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11014.pdf)
>  We obtain a personal signature of a person's learning progress in a self-neuromodulation task, guided by functional MRI (fMRI). The signature is based on predicting the activity of the Amygdala in a second neurofeedback session, given a similar fMRI-derived brain state in the first session. The prediction is made by a deep neural network, which is trained on the entire training cohort of patients. This signal, which is indicative of a person's progress in performing the task of Amygdala modulation, is aggregated across multiple prototypical brain states and then classified by a linear classifier to various personal and clinical indications. The predictive power of the obtained signature is stronger than previous approaches for obtaining a personal signature from fMRI neurofeedback and provides an indication that a person's learning pattern may be used as a diagnostic tool. Our code has been made available, and data would be shared, subject to ethical approvals.      
### 33.MPViT: Multi-Path Vision Transformer for Dense Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11010.pdf)
>  Dense computer vision tasks such as object detection and segmentation require effective multi-scale feature representation for detecting or classifying objects or regions with varying sizes. While Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been the dominant architectures for such tasks, recently introduced Vision Transformers (ViTs) aim to replace them as a backbone. Similar to CNNs, ViTs build a simple multi-stage structure (i.e., fine-to-coarse) for multi-scale representation with single-scale patches. In this work, with a different perspective from existing Transformers, we explore multi-scale patch embedding and multi-path structure, constructing the Multi-Path Vision Transformer (MPViT). MPViT embeds features of the same size~(i.e., sequence length) with patches of different scales simultaneously by using overlapping convolutional patch embedding. Tokens of different scales are then independently fed into the Transformer encoders via multiple paths and the resulting features are aggregated, enabling both fine and coarse feature representations at the same feature level. Thanks to the diverse, multi-scale feature representations, our MPViTs scaling from tiny~(5M) to base~(73M) consistently achieve superior performance over state-of-the-art Vision Transformers on ImageNet classification, object detection, instance segmentation, and semantic segmentation. These extensive results demonstrate that MPViT can serve as a versatile backbone network for various vision tasks. Code will be made publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/MPViT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 34.Point spread function estimation for blind image deblurring problems based on framelet transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11004.pdf)
>  One of the most important issues in the image processing is the approximation of the image that has been lost due to the blurring process. These types of matters are divided into non-blind and blind problems. The second type of problem is more complex in terms of calculations than the first problems due to the unknown of original image and point spread function estimation. In the present paper, an algorithm based on coarse-to-fine iterative by $l_0-\alpha l_1$ regularization and framelet transform is introduced to approximate the spread function estimation. Framelet transfer improves the restored kernel due to the decomposition of the kernel to different frequencies. Also in the proposed model fraction gradient operator is used instead of ordinary gradient operator. The proposed method is investigated on different kinds of images such as text, face, natural. The output of the proposed method reflects the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm in restoring the images from blind problems.      
### 35.Expansion-Squeeze-Excitation Fusion Network for Elderly Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10992.pdf)
>  This work focuses on the task of elderly activity recognition, which is a challenging task due to the existence of individual actions and human-object interactions in elderly activities. Thus, we attempt to effectively aggregate the discriminative information of actions and interactions from both RGB videos and skeleton sequences by attentively fusing multi-modal features. Recently, some nonlinear multi-modal fusion approaches are proposed by utilizing nonlinear attention mechanism that is extended from Squeeze-and-Excitation Networks (SENet). Inspired by this, we propose a novel Expansion-Squeeze-Excitation Fusion Network (ESE-FN) to effectively address the problem of elderly activity recognition, which learns modal and channel-wise Expansion-Squeeze-Excitation (ESE) attentions for attentively fusing the multi-modal features in the modal and channel-wise ways. Furthermore, we design a new Multi-modal Loss (ML) to keep the consistency between the single-modal features and the fused multi-modal features by adding the penalty of difference between the minimum prediction losses on single modalities and the prediction loss on the fused modality. Finally, we conduct experiments on a largest-scale elderly activity dataset, i.e., ETRI-Activity3D (including 110,000+ videos, and 50+ categories), to demonstrate that the proposed ESE-FN achieves the best accuracy compared with the state-of-the-art methods. In addition, more extensive experimental results show that the proposed ESE-FN is also comparable to the other methods in terms of normal action recognition task.      
### 36.Mapping industrial poultry operations at scale with deep learning and aerial imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10988.pdf)
>  Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations (CAFOs) pose serious risks to air, water, and public health, but have proven to be challenging to regulate. The U.S. Government Accountability Office notes that a basic challenge is the lack of comprehensive location information on CAFOs. We use the USDA's National Agricultural Imagery Program (NAIP) 1m/pixel aerial imagery to detect poultry CAFOs across the continental United States. We train convolutional neural network (CNN) models to identify individual poultry barns and apply the best performing model to over 42 TB of imagery to create the first national, open-source dataset of poultry CAFOs. We validate the model predictions against held-out validation set on poultry CAFO facility locations from 10 hand-labeled counties in California and demonstrate that this approach has significant potential to fill gaps in environmental monitoring.      
### 37.Generalized Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation: All You Need is Fine-Tuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10982.pdf)
>  Generalized few-shot semantic segmentation was introduced to move beyond only evaluating few-shot segmentation models on novel classes to include testing their ability to remember base classes. While all approaches currently are based on meta-learning, they perform poorly and saturate in learning after observing only a few shots. We propose the first fine-tuning solution, and demonstrate that it addresses the saturation problem while achieving state-of-art results on two datasets, PASCAL-$5^i$ and COCO-$20^i$. We also show it outperforms existing methods whether fine-tuning multiple final layers or only the final layer. Finally, we present a triplet loss regularization that shows how to redistribute the balance of performance between novel and base categories so that there is a smaller gap between them.      
### 38.ACGNet: Action Complement Graph Network for Weakly-supervised Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10977.pdf)
>  Weakly-supervised temporal action localization (WTAL) in untrimmed videos has emerged as a practical but challenging task since only video-level labels are available. Existing approaches typically leverage off-the-shelf segment-level features, which suffer from spatial incompleteness and temporal incoherence, thus limiting their performance. In this paper, we tackle this problem from a new perspective by enhancing segment-level representations with a simple yet effective graph convolutional network, namely action complement graph network (ACGNet). It facilitates the current video segment to perceive spatial-temporal dependencies from others that potentially convey complementary clues, implicitly mitigating the negative effects caused by the two issues above. By this means, the segment-level features are more discriminative and robust to spatial-temporal variations, contributing to higher localization accuracies. More importantly, the proposed ACGNet works as a universal module that can be flexibly plugged into different WTAL frameworks, while maintaining the end-to-end training fashion. Extensive experiments are conducted on the THUMOS'14 and ActivityNet1.2 benchmarks, where the state-of-the-art results clearly demonstrate the superiority of the proposed approach.      
### 39.Generalizing Interactive Backpropagating Refinement for Dense Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10969.pdf)
>  As deep neural networks become the state-of-the-art approach in the field of computer vision for dense prediction tasks, many methods have been developed for automatic estimation of the target outputs given the visual inputs. Although the estimation accuracy of the proposed automatic methods continues to improve, interactive refinement is oftentimes necessary for further correction. Recently, feature backpropagating refinement scheme (f-BRS) has been proposed for the task of interactive segmentation, which enables efficient optimization of a small set of auxiliary variables inserted into the pretrained network to produce object segmentation that better aligns with user inputs. However, the proposed auxiliary variables only contain channel-wise scale and bias, limiting the optimization to global refinement only. In this work, in order to generalize backpropagating refinement for a wide range of dense prediction tasks, we introduce a set of G-BRS (Generalized Backpropagating Refinement Scheme) layers that enable both global and localized refinement for the following tasks: interactive segmentation, semantic segmentation, image matting and monocular depth estimation. Experiments on SBD, Cityscapes, Mapillary Vista, Composition-1k and NYU-Depth-V2 show that our method can successfully generalize and significantly improve performance of existing pretrained state-of-the-art models with only a few clicks.      
### 40.DRPN: Making CNN Dynamically Handle Scale Variation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10963.pdf)
>  Based on our observations of infrared targets, serious scale variation along within sequence frames has high-frequently occurred. In this paper, we propose a dynamic re-parameterization network (DRPN) to deal with the scale variation and balance the detection precision between small targets and large targets in infrared datasets. DRPN adopts the multiple branches with different sizes of convolution kernels and the dynamic convolution strategy. Multiple branches with different sizes of convolution kernels have different sizes of receptive fields. Dynamic convolution strategy makes DRPN adaptively weight multiple branches. DRPN can dynamically adjust the receptive field according to the scale variation of the target. Besides, in order to maintain effective inference in the test phase, the multi-branch structure is further converted to a single-branch structure via the re-parameterization technique after training. Extensive experiments on FLIR, KAIST, and InfraPlane datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed DRPN. The experimental results show that detectors using the proposed DRPN as the basic structure rather than SKNet or TridentNet obtained the best performances.      
### 41.Continuous-Time Video Generation via Learning Motion Dynamics with Neural ODE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10960.pdf)
>  In order to perform unconditional video generation, we must learn the distribution of the real-world videos. In an effort to synthesize high-quality videos, various studies attempted to learn a mapping function between noise and videos, including recent efforts to separate motion distribution and appearance distribution. Previous methods, however, learn motion dynamics in discretized, fixed-interval timesteps, which is contrary to the continuous nature of motion of a physical body. In this paper, we propose a novel video generation approach that learns separate distributions for motion and appearance, the former modeled by neural ODE to learn natural motion dynamics. Specifically, we employ a two-stage approach where the first stage converts a noise vector to a sequence of keypoints in arbitrary frame rates, and the second stage synthesizes videos based on the given keypoints sequence and the appearance noise vector. Our model not only quantitatively outperforms recent baselines for video generation, but also demonstrates versatile functionality such as dynamic frame rate manipulation and motion transfer between two datasets, thus opening new doors to diverse video generation applications.      
### 42.Task-Oriented Image Transmission for Scene Classification in Unmanned Aerial Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10948.pdf)
>  The vigorous developments of Internet of Things make it possible to extend its computing and storage capabilities to computing tasks in the aerial system with collaboration of cloud and edge, especially for artificial intelligence (AI) tasks based on deep learning (DL). Collecting a large amount of image/video data, Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) can only handover intelligent analysis tasks to the back-end mobile edge computing (MEC) server due to their limited storage and computing capabilities. How to efficiently transmit the most correlated information for the AI model is a challenging topic. Inspired by the task-oriented communication in recent years, we propose a new aerial image transmission paradigm for the scene classification task. A lightweight model is developed on the front-end UAV for semantic blocks transmission with perception of images and channel conditions. In order to achieve the tradeoff between transmission latency and classification accuracy, deep reinforcement learning (DRL) is used to explore the semantic blocks which have the best contribution to the back-end classifier under various channel conditions. Experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve classification accuracy compared to the fixed transmission strategy and traditional content perception methods.      
### 43.Pixel-Stega: Generative Image Steganography Based on Autoregressive Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10945.pdf)
>  In this letter, we explored generative image steganography based on autoregressive models. We proposed Pixel-Stega, which implements pixel-level information hiding with autoregressive models and arithmetic coding algorithm. Firstly, one of the autoregressive models, PixelCNN++, is utilized to produce explicit conditional probability distribution of each pixel. Secondly, secret messages are encoded to the selection of pixels through steganographic sampling (stegosampling) based on arithmetic coding. We carried out qualitative and quantitative assessment on gray-scale and colour image datasets. Experimental results show that Pixel-Stega is able to embed secret messages adaptively according to the entropy of the pixels to achieve both high embedding capacity (up to 4.3 bpp) and nearly perfect imperceptibility (about 50% detection accuracy).      
### 44.Structured Semantic Transfer for Multi-Label Recognition with Partial Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10941.pdf)
>  Multi-label image recognition is a fundamental yet practical task because real-world images inherently possess multiple semantic labels. However, it is difficult to collect large-scale multi-label annotations due to the complexity of both the input images and output label spaces. To reduce the annotation cost, we propose a structured semantic transfer (SST) framework that enables training multi-label recognition models with partial labels, i.e., merely some labels are known while other labels are missing (also called unknown labels) per image. The framework consists of two complementary transfer modules that explore within-image and cross-image semantic correlations to transfer knowledge of known labels to generate pseudo labels for unknown labels. Specifically, an intra-image semantic transfer module learns image-specific label co-occurrence matrix and maps the known labels to complement unknown labels based on this matrix. Meanwhile, a cross-image transfer module learns category-specific feature similarities and helps complement unknown labels with high similarities. Finally, both known and generated labels are used to train the multi-label recognition models. Extensive experiments on the Microsoft COCO, Visual Genome and Pascal VOC datasets show that the proposed SST framework obtains superior performance over current state-of-the-art algorithms. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HCPLab-SYSU/HCP-MLR-PL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.Watch Those Words: Video Falsification Detection Using Word-Conditioned Facial Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10936.pdf)
>  In today's era of digital misinformation, we are increasingly faced with new threats posed by video falsification techniques. Such falsifications range from cheapfakes (e.g., lookalikes or audio dubbing) to deepfakes (e.g., sophisticated AI media synthesis methods), which are becoming perceptually indistinguishable from real videos. To tackle this challenge, we propose a multi-modal semantic forensic approach to discover clues that go beyond detecting discrepancies in visual quality, thereby handling both simpler cheapfakes and visually persuasive deepfakes. In this work, our goal is to verify that the purported person seen in the video is indeed themselves by detecting anomalous correspondences between their facial movements and the words they are saying. We leverage the idea of attribution to learn person-specific biometric patterns that distinguish a given speaker from others. We use interpretable Action Units (AUs) to capture a persons' face and head movement as opposed to deep CNN visual features, and we are the first to use word-conditioned facial motion analysis. Unlike existing person-specific approaches, our method is also effective against attacks that focus on lip manipulation. We further demonstrate our method's effectiveness on a range of fakes not seen in training including those without video manipulation, that were not addressed in prior work.      
### 46.Spatiotemporal Motion Synchronization for Snowboard Big Air  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10909.pdf)
>  During the training for snowboard big air, one of the most popular winter sports, athletes and coaches extensively shoot and check their jump attempts using a single camera or smartphone. However, by watching videos sequentially, it is difficult to compare the precise difference in performance between two trials. Therefore, side-by-side display or overlay of two videos may be helpful for training. To accomplish this, the spatial and temporal alignment of multiple performances must be ensured. In this study, we propose a conventional but plausible solution using the existing image processing techniques for snowboard big air training. We conducted interviews with expert snowboarders who stated that the spatiotemporally aligned videos enabled them to precisely identify slight differences in body movements. The results suggest that the proposed method can be used during the training of snowboard big air.      
### 47.Translational Concept Embedding for Generalized Compositional Zero-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10871.pdf)
>  Generalized compositional zero-shot learning means to learn composed concepts of attribute-object pairs in a zero-shot fashion, where a model is trained on a set of seen concepts and tested on a combined set of seen and unseen concepts. This task is very challenging because of not only the gap between seen and unseen concepts but also the contextual dependency between attributes and objects. This paper introduces a new approach, termed translational concept embedding, to solve these two difficulties in a unified framework. It models the effect of applying an attribute to an object as adding a translational attribute feature to an object prototype. We explicitly take into account of the contextual dependency between attributes and objects by generating translational attribute features conditionally dependent on the object prototypes. Furthermore, we design a ratio variance constraint loss to promote the model's generalization ability on unseen concepts. It regularizes the distances between concepts by utilizing knowledge from their pretrained word embeddings. We evaluate the performance of our model under both the unbiased and biased concept classification tasks, and show that our model is able to achieve good balance in predicting unseen and seen concepts.      
### 48.Encoding Hierarchical Information in Neural Networks helps in Subpopulation Shift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10844.pdf)
>  Over the past decade, deep neural networks have proven to be adept in image classification tasks, often surpassing humans in terms of accuracy. However, standard neural networks often fail to understand the concept of hierarchical structures and dependencies among different classes for vision related tasks. Humans on the other hand, seem to learn categories conceptually, progressively growing from understanding high-level concepts down to granular levels of categories. One of the issues arising from the inability of neural networks to encode such dependencies within its learned structure is that of subpopulation shift -- where models are queried with novel unseen classes taken from a shifted population of the training set categories. Since the neural network treats each class as independent from all others, it struggles to categorize shifting populations that are dependent at higher levels of the hierarchy. In this work, we study the aforementioned problems through the lens of a novel conditional supervised training framework. We tackle subpopulation shift by a structured learning procedure that incorporates hierarchical information conditionally through labels. Furthermore, we introduce a notion of graphical distance to model the catastrophic effect of mispredictions. We show that learning in this structured hierarchical manner results in networks that are more robust against subpopulation shifts, with an improvement of around ~2% in terms of accuracy and around 8.5\% in terms of graphical distance over standard models on subpopulation shift benchmarks.      
### 49.One Sketch for All: One-Shot Personalized Sketch Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10838.pdf)
>  We present the first one-shot personalized sketch segmentation method. We aim to segment all sketches belonging to the same category provisioned with a single sketch with a given part annotation while (i) preserving the parts semantics embedded in the exemplar, and (ii) being robust to input style and abstraction. We refer to this scenario as personalized. With that, we importantly enable a much-desired personalization capability for downstream fine-grained sketch analysis tasks. To train a robust segmentation module, we deform the exemplar sketch to each of the available sketches of the same category. Our method generalizes to sketches not observed during training. Our central contribution is a sketch-specific hierarchical deformation network. Given a multi-level sketch-strokes encoding obtained via a graph convolutional network, our method estimates rigid-body transformation from the reference to the exemplar, on the upper level. Finer deformation from the exemplar to the globally warped reference sketch is further obtained through stroke-wise deformations, on the lower level. Both levels of deformation are guided by mean squared distances between the keypoints learned without supervision, ensuring that the stroke semantics are preserved. We evaluate our method against the state-of-the-art segmentation and perceptual grouping baselines re-purposed for the one-shot setting and against two few-shot 3D shape segmentation methods. We show that our method outperforms all the alternatives by more than 10% on average. Ablation studies further demonstrate that our method is robust to personalization: changes in input part semantics and style differences.      
### 50.Lite Vision Transformer with Enhanced Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10809.pdf)
>  Despite the impressive representation capacity of vision transformer models, current light-weight vision transformer models still suffer from inconsistent and incorrect dense predictions at local regions. We suspect that the power of their self-attention mechanism is limited in shallower and thinner networks. We propose Lite Vision Transformer (LVT), a novel light-weight transformer network with two enhanced self-attention mechanisms to improve the model performances for mobile deployment. For the low-level features, we introduce Convolutional Self-Attention (CSA). Unlike previous approaches of merging convolution and self-attention, CSA introduces local self-attention into the convolution within a kernel of size 3x3 to enrich low-level features in the first stage of LVT. For the high-level features, we propose Recursive Atrous Self-Attention (RASA), which utilizes the multi-scale context when calculating the similarity map and a recursive mechanism to increase the representation capability with marginal extra parameter cost. The superiority of LVT is demonstrated on ImageNet recognition, ADE20K semantic segmentation, and COCO panoptic segmentation. The code is made publicly available.      
### 51.Max-Margin Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11450.pdf)
>  Standard contrastive learning approaches usually require a large number of negatives for effective unsupervised learning and often exhibit slow convergence. We suspect this behavior is due to the suboptimal selection of negatives used for offering contrast to the positives. We counter this difficulty by taking inspiration from support vector machines (SVMs) to present max-margin contrastive learning (MMCL). Our approach selects negatives as the sparse support vectors obtained via a quadratic optimization problem, and contrastiveness is enforced by maximizing the decision margin. As SVM optimization can be computationally demanding, especially in an end-to-end setting, we present simplifications that alleviate the computational burden. We validate our approach on standard vision benchmark datasets, demonstrating better performance in unsupervised representation learning over state-of-the-art, while having better empirical convergence properties.      
### 52.Multi-Modality Distillation via Learning the teacher's modality-level Gram Matrix  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11447.pdf)
>  In the context of multi-modality knowledge distillation research, the existing methods was mainly focus on the problem of only learning teacher final output. Thus, there are still deep differences between the teacher network and the student network. It is necessary to force the student network to learn the modality relationship information of the teacher network. To effectively exploit transfering knowledge from teachers to students, a novel modality relation distillation paradigm by modeling the relationship information among different modality are adopted, that is learning the teacher modality-level Gram Matrix.      
### 53.A novel approach for the automated segmentation and volume quantification of cardiac fats on computed tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11381.pdf)
>  The deposits of fat on the surroundings of the heart are correlated to several health risk factors such as atherosclerosis, carotid stiffness, coronary artery calcification, atrial fibrillation and many others. These deposits vary unrelated to obesity, which reinforces its direct segmentation for further quantification. However, manual segmentation of these fats has not been widely deployed in clinical practice due to the required human workload and consequential high cost of physicians and technicians. In this work, we propose a unified method for an autonomous segmentation and quantification of two types of cardiac fats. The segmented fats are termed epicardial and mediastinal, and stand apart from each other by the pericardium. Much effort was devoted to achieve minimal user intervention. The proposed methodology mainly comprises registration and classification algorithms to perform the desired segmentation. We compare the performance of several classification algorithms on this task, including neural networks, probabilistic models and decision tree algorithms. Experimental results of the proposed methodology have shown that the mean accuracy regarding both epicardial and mediastinal fats is 98.5% (99.5% if the features are normalized), with a mean true positive rate of 98.0%. In average, the Dice similarity index was equal to 97.6%.      
### 54.PrimSeq: a deep learning-based pipeline to quantitate rehabilitation training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11330.pdf)
>  Stroke rehabilitation seeks to increase neuroplasticity through the repeated practice of functional motions, but may have minimal impact on recovery because of insufficient repetitions. The optimal training content and quantity are currently unknown because no practical tools exist to measure them. Here, we present PrimSeq, a pipeline to classify and count functional motions trained in stroke rehabilitation. Our approach integrates wearable sensors to capture upper-body motion, a deep learning model to predict motion sequences, and an algorithm to tally motions. The trained model accurately decomposes rehabilitation activities into component functional motions, outperforming competitive machine learning methods. PrimSeq furthermore quantifies these motions at a fraction of the time and labor costs of human experts. We demonstrate the capabilities of PrimSeq in previously unseen stroke patients with a range of upper extremity motor impairment. We expect that these advances will support the rigorous measurement required for quantitative dosing trials in stroke rehabilitation.      
### 55.Implicit Neural Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11312.pdf)
>  We propose a method to compress full-resolution video sequences with implicit neural representations. Each frame is represented as a neural network that maps coordinate positions to pixel values. We use a separate implicit network to modulate the coordinate inputs, which enables efficient motion compensation between frames. Together with a small residual network, this allows us to efficiently compress P-frames relative to the previous frame. We further lower the bitrate by storing the network weights with learned integer quantization. Our method, which we call implicit pixel flow (IPF), offers several simplifications over established neural video codecs: it does not require the receiver to have access to a pretrained neural network, does not use expensive interpolation-based warping operations, and does not require a separate training dataset. We demonstrate the feasibility of neural implicit compression on image and video data.      
### 56.RC-Net: A Convolutional Neural Network for Retinal Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11078.pdf)
>  Over recent years, increasingly complex approaches based on sophisticated convolutional neural network architectures have been slowly pushing performance on well-established benchmark datasets. In this paper, we take a step back to examine the real need for such complexity. We present RC-Net, a fully convolutional network, where the number of filters per layer is optimized to reduce feature overlapping and complexity. We also used skip connections to keep spatial information loss to a minimum by keeping the number of pooling operations in the network to a minimum. Two publicly available retinal vessel segmentation datasets were used in our experiments. In our experiments, RC-Net is quite competitive, outperforming alternatives vessels segmentation methods with two or even three orders of magnitude less trainable parameters.      
### 57.Leveraging Image Complexity in Macro-Level Neural Network Design for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11065.pdf)
>  Recent progress in encoder-decoder neural network architecture design has led to significant performance improvements in a wide range of medical image segmentation tasks. However, state-of-the-art networks for a given task may be too computationally demanding to run on affordable hardware, and thus users often resort to practical workarounds by modifying various macro-level design aspects. Two common examples are downsampling of the input images and reducing the network depth to meet computer memory constraints. In this paper we investigate the effects of these changes on segmentation performance and show that image complexity can be used as a guideline in choosing what is best for a given dataset. We consider four statistical measures to quantify image complexity and evaluate their suitability on ten different public datasets. For the purpose of our experiments we also propose two new encoder-decoder architectures representing shallow and deep networks that are more memory efficient than currently popular networks. Our results suggest that median frequency is the best complexity measure in deciding about an acceptable input downsampling factor and network depth. For high-complexity datasets, a shallow network running on the original images may yield better segmentation results than a deep network running on downsampled images, whereas the opposite may be the case for low-complexity images.      
### 58.Geometry-Aware Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11041.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) aims to transfer the knowledge from the labeled source domain to the unlabeled target domain in the presence of dataset shift. Most existing methods cannot address the domain alignment and class discrimination well, which may distort the intrinsic data structure for downstream tasks (e.g., classification). To this end, we propose a novel geometry-aware model to learn the transferability and discriminability simultaneously via nuclear norm optimization. We introduce the domain coherence and class orthogonality for UDA from the perspective of subspace geometry. The domain coherence will ensure the model has a larger capacity for learning separable representations, and class orthogonality will minimize the correlation between clusters to alleviate the misalignment. So, they are consistent and can benefit from each other. Besides, we provide a theoretical insight into the norm-based learning literature in UDA, which ensures the interpretability of our model. We show that the norms of domains and clusters are expected to be larger and smaller to enhance the transferability and discriminability, respectively. Extensive experimental results on standard UDA datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our theory and model.      
### 59.A Theoretical View of Linear Backpropagation and Its Convergence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11018.pdf)
>  Backpropagation is widely used for calculating gradients in deep neural networks (DNNs). Applied often along with stochastic gradient descent (SGD) or its variants, backpropagation is considered as a de-facto choice in a variety of machine learning tasks including DNN training and adversarial attack/defense. Recently, a linear variant of BP named LinBP was introduced for generating more transferable adversarial examples for black-box adversarial attacks, by Guo et al. Yet, it has not been theoretically studied and the convergence analysis of such a method is lacking. This paper serves as a complement and somewhat an extension to Guo et al.'s paper, by providing theoretical analyses on LinBP in neural-network-involved learning tasks including adversarial attack and model training. We demonstrate that, somewhat surprisingly, LinBP can lead to faster convergence in these tasks in the same hyper-parameter settings, compared to BP. We confirm our theoretical results with extensive experiments.      
### 60.Learned ISTA with Error-based Thresholding for Adaptive Sparse Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10985.pdf)
>  The learned iterative shrinkage thresholding algorithm (LISTA) introduces deep unfolding models with learnable thresholds in some shrinkage functions for sparse coding. Drawing on some theoretical insights, we advocate an error-based thresholding (EBT) mechanism for LISTA, which leverages a function of the layer-wise reconstruction error to suggest an appropriate threshold value for each observation on each layer. We show that the EBT mechanism well disentangles the learnable parameters in the shrinkage functions from the reconstruction errors, making them more adaptive to the various observations. With rigorous theoretical analyses, we show that the proposed EBT can lead to a faster convergence on the basis of LISTA and its variants, in addition to its higher adaptivity. Extensive experimental results confirm our theoretical analyses and verify the effectiveness of our methods.      
### 61.Nonlinear Transform Source-Channel Coding for Semantic Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10961.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new class of high-efficient deep joint source-channel coding methods that can closely adapt to the source distribution under the nonlinear transform, it can be collected under the name nonlinear transform source-channel coding (NTSCC). In the considered model, the transmitter first learns a nonlinear analysis transform to map the source data into latent space, then transmits the latent representation to the receiver via deep joint source-channel coding. Our model incorporates the nonlinear transform as a strong prior to effectively extract the source semantic features and provide side information for source-channel coding. Unlike existing conventional deep joint source-channel coding methods, the proposed NTSCC essentially learns both the source latent representation and an entropy model as the prior on the latent representation. Accordingly, novel adaptive rate transmission and hyperprior-aided codec refinement mechanisms are developed to upgrade deep joint source-channel coding. The whole system design is formulated as an optimization problem whose goal is to minimize the end-to-end transmission rate-distortion performance under established perceptual quality metrics. Across simple example sources and test image sources, we find that the proposed NTSCC transmission method generally outperforms both the analog transmission using the standard deep joint source-channel coding and the classical separation-based digital transmission. Notably, the proposed NTSCC method can potentially support future semantic communications due to its vigorous content-aware ability.      
### 62.HarmoFL: Harmonizing Local and Global Drifts in Federated Learning on Heterogeneous Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.10775.pdf)
>  Multiple medical institutions collaboratively training a model using federated learning (FL) has become a promising solution for maximizing the potential of data-driven models, yet the non-independent and identically distributed (non-iid) data in medical images is still an outstanding challenge in real-world practice. The feature heterogeneity caused by diverse scanners or protocols introduces a drift in the learning process, in both local (client) and global (server) optimizations, which harms the convergence as well as model performance. Many previous works have attempted to address the non-iid issue by tackling the drift locally or globally, but how to jointly solve the two essentially coupled drifts is still unclear. In this work, we concentrate on handling both local and global drifts and introduce a new harmonizing framework called HarmoFL. First, we propose to mitigate the local update drift by normalizing amplitudes of images transformed into the frequency domain to mimic a unified imaging setting, in order to generate a harmonized feature space across local clients. Second, based on harmonized features, we design a client weight perturbation guiding each local model to reach a flat optimum, where a neighborhood area of the local optimal solution has a uniformly low loss. Without any extra communication cost, the perturbation assists the global model to optimize towards a converged optimal solution by aggregating several local flat optima. We have theoretically analyzed the proposed method and empirically conducted extensive experiments on three medical image classification and segmentation tasks, showing that HarmoFL outperforms a set of recent state-of-the-art methods with promising convergence behavior.      
