# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 3 Dec 2021
### 1.StyleMesh: Style Transfer for Indoor 3D Scene Reconstructions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01530.pdf)
>  We apply style transfer on mesh reconstructions of indoor scenes. This enables VR applications like experiencing 3D environments painted in the style of a favorite artist. Style transfer typically operates on 2D images, making stylization of a mesh challenging. When optimized over a variety of poses, stylization patterns become stretched out and inconsistent in size. On the other hand, model-based 3D style transfer methods exist that allow stylization from a sparse set of images, but they require a network at inference time. To this end, we optimize an explicit texture for the reconstructed mesh of a scene and stylize it jointly from all available input images. Our depth- and angle-aware optimization leverages surface normal and depth data of the underlying mesh to create a uniform and consistent stylization for the whole scene. Our experiments show that our method creates sharp and detailed results for the complete scene without view-dependent artifacts. Through extensive ablation studies, we show that the proposed 3D awareness enables style transfer to be applied to the 3D domain of a mesh. Our method can be used to render a stylized mesh in real-time with traditional rendering pipelines.      
### 2.BEVT: BERT Pretraining of Video Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01529.pdf)
>  This paper studies the BERT pretraining of video transformers. It is a straightforward but worth-studying extension given the recent success from BERT pretraining of image transformers. We introduce BEVT which decouples video representation learning into spatial representation learning and temporal dynamics learning. In particular, BEVT first performs masked image modeling on image data, and then conducts masked image modeling jointly with masked video modeling on video data. This design is motivated by two observations: 1) transformers learned on image datasets provide decent spatial priors that can ease the learning of video transformers, which are often times computationally-intensive if trained from scratch; 2) discriminative clues, i.e., spatial and temporal information, needed to make correct predictions vary among different videos due to large intra-class and inter-class variations. We conduct extensive experiments on three challenging video benchmarks where BEVT achieves very promising results. On Kinetics 400, for which recognition mostly relies on discriminative spatial representations, BEVT achieves comparable results to strong supervised baselines. On Something-Something-V2 and Diving 48, which contain videos relying on temporal dynamics, BEVT outperforms by clear margins all alternative baselines and achieves state-of-the-art performance with a 70.6% and 86.7% Top-1 accuracy respectively.      
### 3.A Fast Knowledge Distillation Framework for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01528.pdf)
>  While Knowledge Distillation (KD) has been recognized as a useful tool in many visual tasks, such as supervised classification and self-supervised representation learning, the main drawback of a vanilla KD framework is its mechanism, which consumes the majority of the computational overhead on forwarding through the giant teacher networks, making the entire learning procedure inefficient and costly. ReLabel, a recently proposed solution, suggests creating a label map for the entire image. During training, it receives the cropped region-level label by RoI aligning on a pre-generated entire label map, allowing for efficient supervision generation without having to pass through the teachers many times. However, as the KD teachers are from conventional multi-crop training, there are various mismatches between the global label-map and region-level label in this technique, resulting in performance deterioration. In this study, we present a Fast Knowledge Distillation (FKD) framework that replicates the distillation training phase and generates soft labels using the multi-crop KD approach, while training faster than ReLabel since no post-processes such as RoI align and softmax operations are used. When conducting multi-crop in the same image for data loading, our FKD is even more efficient than the traditional image classification framework. On ImageNet-1K, we obtain 79.8% with ResNet-50, outperforming ReLabel by ~1.0% while being faster. On the self-supervised learning task, we also show that FKD has an efficiency advantage. Our project page: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://zhiqiangshen.com/projects/FKD/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>, source code and models are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/szq0214/FKD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Masked-attention Mask Transformer for Universal Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01527.pdf)
>  Image segmentation is about grouping pixels with different semantics, e.g., category or instance membership, where each choice of semantics defines a task. While only the semantics of each task differ, current research focuses on designing specialized architectures for each task. We present Masked-attention Mask Transformer (Mask2Former), a new architecture capable of addressing any image segmentation task (panoptic, instance or semantic). Its key components include masked attention, which extracts localized features by constraining cross-attention within predicted mask regions. In addition to reducing the research effort by at least three times, it outperforms the best specialized architectures by a significant margin on four popular datasets. Most notably, Mask2Former sets a new state-of-the-art for panoptic segmentation (57.8 PQ on COCO), instance segmentation (50.1 AP on COCO) and semantic segmentation (57.7 mIoU on ADE20K).      
### 5.Improved Multiscale Vision Transformers for Classification and Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01526.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study Multiscale Vision Transformers (MViT) as a unified architecture for image and video classification, as well as object detection. We present an improved version of MViT that incorporates decomposed relative positional embeddings and residual pooling connections. We instantiate this architecture in five sizes and evaluate it for ImageNet classification, COCO detection and Kinetics video recognition where it outperforms prior work. We further compare MViTs' pooling attention to window attention mechanisms where it outperforms the latter in accuracy/compute. Without bells-and-whistles, MViT has state-of-the-art performance in 3 domains: 88.8% accuracy on ImageNet classification, 56.1 box AP on COCO object detection as well as 86.1% on Kinetics-400 video classification. Code and models will be made publicly available.      
### 6.Co-domain Symmetry for Complex-Valued Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01525.pdf)
>  We study complex-valued scaling as a type of symmetry natural and unique to complex-valued measurements and representations. Deep Complex Networks (DCN) extends real-valued algebra to the complex domain without addressing complex-valued scaling. SurReal takes a restrictive manifold view of complex numbers, adopting a distance metric to achieve complex-scaling invariance while losing rich complex-valued information. We analyze complex-valued scaling as a co-domain transformation and design novel equivariant and invariant neural network layer functions for this special transformation. We also propose novel complex-valued representations of RGB images, where complex-valued scaling indicates hue shift or correlated changes across color channels. Benchmarked on MSTAR, CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and SVHN, our co-domain symmetric (CDS) classifiers deliver higher accuracy, better generalization, robustness to co-domain transformations, and lower model bias and variance than DCN and SurReal with far fewer parameters.      
### 7.GLAMR: Global Occlusion-Aware Human Mesh Recovery with Dynamic Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01524.pdf)
>  We present an approach for 3D global human mesh recovery from monocular videos recorded with dynamic cameras. Our approach is robust to severe and long-term occlusions and tracks human bodies even when they go outside the camera's field of view. To achieve this, we first propose a deep generative motion infiller, which autoregressively infills the body motions of occluded humans based on visible motions. Additionally, in contrast to prior work, our approach reconstructs human meshes in consistent global coordinates even with dynamic cameras. Since the joint reconstruction of human motions and camera poses is underconstrained, we propose a global trajectory predictor that generates global human trajectories based on local body movements. Using the predicted trajectories as anchors, we present a global optimization framework that refines the predicted trajectories and optimizes the camera poses to match the video evidence such as 2D keypoints. Experiments on challenging indoor and in-the-wild datasets with dynamic cameras demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms prior methods significantly in terms of motion infilling and global mesh recovery.      
### 8.Learning Neural Light Fields with Ray-Space Embedding Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01523.pdf)
>  Neural radiance fields (NeRFs) produce state-of-the-art view synthesis results. However, they are slow to render, requiring hundreds of network evaluations per pixel to approximate a volume rendering integral. Baking NeRFs into explicit data structures enables efficient rendering, but results in a large increase in memory footprint and, in many cases, a quality reduction. In this paper, we propose a novel neural light field representation that, in contrast, is compact and directly predicts integrated radiance along rays. Our method supports rendering with a single network evaluation per pixel for small baseline light field datasets and can also be applied to larger baselines with only a few evaluations per pixel. At the core of our approach is a ray-space embedding network that maps the 4D ray-space manifold into an intermediate, interpolable latent space. Our method achieves state-of-the-art quality on dense forward-facing datasets such as the Stanford Light Field dataset. In addition, for forward-facing scenes with sparser inputs we achieve results that are competitive with NeRF-based approaches in terms of quality while providing a better speed/quality/memory trade-off with far fewer network evaluations.      
### 9.Uni-Perceiver: Pre-training Unified Architecture for Generic Perception for Zero-shot and Few-shot Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01522.pdf)
>  Biological intelligence systems of animals perceive the world by integrating information in different modalities and processing simultaneously for various tasks. In contrast, current machine learning research follows a task-specific paradigm, leading to inefficient collaboration between tasks and high marginal costs of developing perception models for new tasks. In this paper, we present a generic perception architecture named Uni-Perceiver, which processes a variety of modalities and tasks with unified modeling and shared parameters. Specifically, Uni-Perceiver encodes different task inputs and targets from arbitrary modalities into a unified representation space with a modality-agnostic Transformer encoder and lightweight modality-specific tokenizers. Different perception tasks are modeled as the same formulation, that is, finding the maximum likelihood target for each input through the similarity of their representations. The model is pre-trained on several uni-modal and multi-modal tasks, and evaluated on a variety of downstream tasks, including novel tasks that did not appear in the pre-training stage. Results show that our pre-trained model without any tuning can achieve reasonable performance even on novel tasks. The performance can be improved to a level close to state-of-the-art methods by conducting prompt tuning on 1% of downstream task data. Full-data fine-tuning further delivers results on par with or better than state-of-the-art results. Code shall be released.      
### 10.Object-aware Monocular Depth Prediction with Instance Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01521.pdf)
>  With the advent of deep learning, estimating depth from a single RGB image has recently received a lot of attention, being capable of empowering many different applications ranging from path planning for robotics to computational cinematography. Nevertheless, while the depth maps are in their entirety fairly reliable, the estimates around object discontinuities are still far from satisfactory. This can be contributed to the fact that the convolutional operator naturally aggregates features across object discontinuities, resulting in smooth transitions rather than clear boundaries. Therefore, in order to circumvent this issue, we propose a novel convolutional operator which is explicitly tailored to avoid feature aggregation of different object parts. In particular, our method is based on estimating per-part depth values by means of superpixels. The proposed convolutional operator, which we dub "Instance Convolution", then only considers each object part individually on the basis of the estimated superpixels. Our evaluation with respect to the NYUv2 as well as the iBims dataset clearly demonstrates the superiority of Instance Convolutions over the classical convolution at estimating depth around occlusion boundaries, while producing comparable results elsewhere. Code will be made publicly available upon acceptance.      
### 11.Recognizing Scenes from Novel Viewpoints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01520.pdf)
>  Humans can perceive scenes in 3D from a handful of 2D views. For AI agents, the ability to recognize a scene from any viewpoint given only a few images enables them to efficiently interact with the scene and its objects. In this work, we attempt to endow machines with this ability. We propose a model which takes as input a few RGB images of a new scene and recognizes the scene from novel viewpoints by segmenting it into semantic categories. All this without access to the RGB images from those views. We pair 2D scene recognition with an implicit 3D representation and learn from multi-view 2D annotations of hundreds of scenes without any 3D supervision beyond camera poses. We experiment on challenging datasets and demonstrate our model's ability to jointly capture semantics and geometry of novel scenes with diverse layouts, object types and shapes.      
### 12.DenseCLIP: Language-Guided Dense Prediction with Context-Aware Prompting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01518.pdf)
>  Recent progress has shown that large-scale pre-training using contrastive image-text pairs can be a promising alternative for high-quality visual representation learning from natural language supervision. Benefiting from a broader source of supervision, this new paradigm exhibits impressive transferability to downstream classification tasks and datasets. However, the problem of transferring the knowledge learned from image-text pairs to more complex dense prediction tasks has barely been visited. In this work, we present a new framework for dense prediction by implicitly and explicitly leveraging the pre-trained knowledge from CLIP. Specifically, we convert the original image-text matching problem in CLIP to a pixel-text matching problem and use the pixel-text score maps to guide the learning of dense prediction models. By further using the contextual information from the image to prompt the language model, we are able to facilitate our model to better exploit the pre-trained knowledge. Our method is model-agnostic, which can be applied to arbitrary dense prediction systems and various pre-trained visual backbones including both CLIP models and ImageNet pre-trained models. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superior performance of our methods on semantic segmentation, object detection, and instance segmentation tasks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/raoyongming/DenseCLIP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 13.Efficient Neural Radiance Fields with Learned Depth-Guided Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01517.pdf)
>  This paper aims to reduce the rendering time of generalizable radiance fields. Some recent works equip neural radiance fields with image encoders and are able to generalize across scenes, which avoids the per-scene optimization. However, their rendering process is generally very slow. A major factor is that they sample lots of points in empty space when inferring radiance fields. In this paper, we present a hybrid scene representation which combines the best of implicit radiance fields and explicit depth maps for efficient rendering. Specifically, we first build the cascade cost volume to efficiently predict the coarse geometry of the scene. The coarse geometry allows us to sample few points near the scene surface and significantly improves the rendering speed. This process is fully differentiable, enabling us to jointly learn the depth prediction and radiance field networks from only RGB images. Experiments show that the proposed approach exhibits state-of-the-art performance on the DTU, Real Forward-facing and NeRF Synthetic datasets, while being at least 50 times faster than previous generalizable radiance field methods. We also demonstrate the capability of our method to synthesize free-viewpoint videos of dynamic human performers in real-time. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zju3dv.github.io/enerf/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.TransFGU: A Top-down Approach to Fine-Grained Unsupervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01515.pdf)
>  Unsupervised semantic segmentation aims to obtain high-level semantic representation on low-level visual features without manual annotations. Most existing methods are bottom-up approaches that try to group pixels into regions based on their visual cues or certain predefined rules. As a result, it is difficult for these bottom-up approaches to generate fine-grained semantic segmentation when coming to complicated scenes with multiple objects and some objects sharing similar visual appearance. In contrast, we propose the first top-down unsupervised semantic segmentation framework for fine-grained segmentation in extremely complicated scenarios. Specifically, we first obtain rich high-level structured semantic concept information from large-scale vision data in a self-supervised learning manner, and use such information as a prior to discover potential semantic categories presented in target datasets. Secondly, the discovered high-level semantic categories are mapped to low-level pixel features by calculating the class activate map (CAM) with respect to certain discovered semantic representation. Lastly, the obtained CAMs serve as pseudo labels to train the segmentation module and produce final semantic segmentation. Experimental results on multiple semantic segmentation benchmarks show that our top-down unsupervised segmentation is robust to both object-centric and scene-centric datasets under different semantic granularity levels, and outperforms all the current state-of-the-art bottom-up methods. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/damo-cv/TransFGU" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 15.Self-supervised Video Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01514.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose self-supervised training for video transformers using unlabelled video data. From a given video, we create local and global spatiotemporal views with varying spatial sizes and frame rates. Our self-supervised objective seeks to match the features of these different views representing the same video, to be invariant to spatiotemporal variations in actions. To the best of our knowledge, the proposed approach is the first to alleviate the dependency on negative samples or dedicated memory banks in Self-supervised Video Transformer (SVT). Further, owing to the flexibility of Transformer models, SVT supports slow-fast video processing within a single architecture using dynamically adjusted positional encodings and supports long-term relationship modeling along spatiotemporal dimensions. Our approach performs well on four action recognition benchmarks (Kinetics-400, UCF-101, HMDB-51, and SSv2) and converges faster with small batch sizes. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/J1juJ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 16.OW-DETR: Open-world Detection Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01513.pdf)
>  Open-world object detection (OWOD) is a challenging computer vision problem, where the task is to detect a known set of object categories while simultaneously identifying unknown objects. Additionally, the model must incrementally learn new classes that become known in the next training episodes. Distinct from standard object detection, the OWOD setting poses significant challenges for generating quality candidate proposals on potentially unknown objects, separating the unknown objects from the background and detecting diverse unknown objects. Here, we introduce a novel end-to-end transformer-based framework, OW-DETR, for open-world object detection. The proposed OW-DETR comprises three dedicated components namely, attention-driven pseudo-labeling, novelty classification and objectness scoring to explicitly address the aforementioned OWOD challenges. Our OW-DETR explicitly encodes multi-scale contextual information, possesses less inductive bias, enables knowledge transfer from known classes to the unknown class and can better discriminate between unknown objects and background. Comprehensive experiments are performed on two benchmarks: MS-COCO and PASCAL VOC. The extensive ablations reveal the merits of our proposed contributions. Further, our model outperforms the recently introduced OWOD approach, ORE, with absolute gains ranging from 1.8% to 3.3% in terms of unknown recall on the MS-COCO benchmark. In the case of incremental object detection, OW-DETR outperforms the state-of-the-art for all settings on the PASCAL VOC benchmark. Our codes and models will be publicly released.      
### 17.Neural Weight Step Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01504.pdf)
>  A variety of compression methods based on encoding images as weights of a neural network have been recently proposed. Yet, the potential of similar approaches for video compression remains unexplored. In this work, we suggest a set of experiments for testing the feasibility of compressing video using two architectural paradigms, coordinate-based MLP (CbMLP) and convolutional network. Furthermore, we propose a novel technique of neural weight stepping, where subsequent frames of a video are encoded as low-entropy parameter updates. To assess the feasibility of the considered approaches, we will test the video compression performance on several high-resolution video datasets and compare against existing conventional and neural compression techniques.      
### 18.Machine Learning-Based Classification Algorithms for the Prediction of Coronary Heart Diseases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01503.pdf)
>  Coronary heart disease, which is a form of cardiovascular disease (CVD), is the leading cause of death worldwide. The odds of survival are good if it is found or diagnosed early. The current report discusses a comparative approach to the classification of coronary heart disease datasets using machine learning (ML) algorithms. The current study created and tested several machine-learning-based classification models. The dataset was subjected to Smote to handle unbalanced classes and feature selection technique in order to assess the impact on two distinct performance metrics. The results show that logistic regression produced the highest performance score on the original dataset compared to the other algorithms employed. In conclusion, this study suggests that LR on a well-processed and standardized dataset can predict coronary heart disease with greater accuracy than the other algorithms.      
### 19.Dimensions of Motion: Learning to Predict a Subspace of Optical Flow from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01502.pdf)
>  We introduce the problem of predicting, from a single video frame, a low-dimensional subspace of optical flow which includes the actual instantaneous optical flow. We show how several natural scene assumptions allow us to identify an appropriate flow subspace via a set of basis flow fields parameterized by disparity and a representation of object instances. The flow subspace, together with a novel loss function, can be used for the tasks of predicting monocular depth or predicting depth plus an object instance embedding. This provides a new approach to learning these tasks in an unsupervised fashion using monocular input video without requiring camera intrinsics or poses.      
### 20.Learning Spatial-Temporal Graphs for Active Speaker Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01479.pdf)
>  We address the problem of active speaker detection through a new framework, called SPELL, that learns long-range multimodal graphs to encode the inter-modal relationship between audio and visual data. We cast active speaker detection as a node classification task that is aware of longer-term dependencies. We first construct a graph from a video so that each node corresponds to one person. Nodes representing the same identity share edges between them within a defined temporal window. Nodes within the same video frame are also connected to encode inter-person interactions. Through extensive experiments on the Ava-ActiveSpeaker dataset, we demonstrate that learning graph-based representation, owing to its explicit spatial and temporal structure, significantly improves the overall performance. SPELL outperforms several relevant baselines and performs at par with state of the art models while requiring an order of magnitude lower computation cost.      
### 21.Neural Point Light Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01473.pdf)
>  We introduce Neural Point Light Fields that represent scenes implicitly with a light field living on a sparse point cloud. Combining differentiable volume rendering with learned implicit density representations has made it possible to synthesize photo-realistic images for novel views of small scenes. As neural volumetric rendering methods require dense sampling of the underlying functional scene representation, at hundreds of samples along a ray cast through the volume, they are fundamentally limited to small scenes with the same objects projected to hundreds of training views. Promoting sparse point clouds to neural implicit light fields allows us to represent large scenes effectively with only a single implicit sampling operation per ray. These point light fields are as a function of the ray direction, and local point feature neighborhood, allowing us to interpolate the light field conditioned training images without dense object coverage and parallax. We assess the proposed method for novel view synthesis on large driving scenarios, where we synthesize realistic unseen views that existing implicit approaches fail to represent. We validate that Neural Point Light Fields make it possible to predict videos along unseen trajectories previously only feasible to generate by explicitly modeling the scene.      
### 22.Zero-Shot Text-Guided Object Generation with Dream Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01455.pdf)
>  We combine neural rendering with multi-modal image and text representations to synthesize diverse 3D objects solely from natural language descriptions. Our method, Dream Fields, can generate the geometry and color of a wide range of objects without 3D supervision. Due to the scarcity of diverse, captioned 3D data, prior methods only generate objects from a handful of categories, such as ShapeNet. Instead, we guide generation with image-text models pre-trained on large datasets of captioned images from the web. Our method optimizes a Neural Radiance Field from many camera views so that rendered images score highly with a target caption according to a pre-trained CLIP model. To improve fidelity and visual quality, we introduce simple geometric priors, including sparsity-inducing transmittance regularization, scene bounds, and new MLP architectures. In experiments, Dream Fields produce realistic, multi-view consistent object geometry and color from a variety of natural language captions.      
### 23.Altering Facial Expression Based on Textual Emotion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01454.pdf)
>  Faces and their expressions are one of the potent subjects for digital images. Detecting emotions from images is an ancient task in the field of computer vision; however, performing its reverse -- synthesizing facial expressions from images -- is quite new. Such operations of regenerating images with different facial expressions, or altering an existing expression in an image require the Generative Adversarial Network (GAN). In this paper, we aim to change the facial expression in an image using GAN, where the input image with an initial expression (i.e., happy) is altered to a different expression (i.e., disgusted) for the same person. We used StarGAN techniques on a modified version of the MUG dataset to accomplish this objective. Moreover, we extended our work further by remodeling facial expressions in an image indicated by the emotion from a given text. As a result, we applied a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) method to extract emotion from the text and forwarded it to our expression-altering module. As a demonstration of our working pipeline, we also create an application prototype of a blog that regenerates the profile picture with different expressions based on the user's textual emotion.      
### 24.SCNet: A Generalized Attention-based Model for Crack Fault Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01426.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection and localization is an important vision problem, having multiple applications. Effective and generic semantic segmentation of anomalous regions on various different surfaces, where most anomalous regions inherently do not have any obvious pattern, is still under active research. Periodic health monitoring and fault (anomaly) detection in vast infrastructures, which is an important safety-related task, is one such application area of vision-based anomaly segmentation. However, the task is quite challenging due to large variations in surface faults, texture-less construction material/background, lighting conditions etc. Cracks are critical and frequent surface faults that manifest as extreme zigzag-shaped thin, elongated regions. They are among the hardest faults to detect, even with deep learning. In this work, we address an open aspect of automatic crack segmentation problem, that of generalizing and improving the performance of segmentation across a variety of scenarios, by modeling the problem differently. We carefully study and abstract the sub-problems involved and solve them in a broader context, making our solution generic. On a variety of datasets related to surveillance of different infrastructures, under varying conditions, our model consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art algorithms by a significant margin, without any bells-and-whistles. This performance advantage easily carried over in two deployments of our model, tested against industry-provided datasets. Even further, we could establish our model's performance for two manufacturing quality inspection scenarios as well, where the defect types are not just crack equivalents, but much more and different. Hence we hope that our model is indeed a truly generic defect segmentation model.      
### 25.3D-Aware Semantic-Guided Generative Model for Human Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01422.pdf)
>  Generative Neural Radiance Field (GNeRF) models, which extract implicit 3D representations from 2D images, have recently been shown to produce realistic images representing rigid objects, such as human faces or cars. However, they usually struggle to generate high-quality images representing non-rigid objects, such as the human body, which is of a great interest for many computer graphics applications. This paper proposes a 3D-aware Semantic-Guided Generative Model (3D-SGAN) for human image synthesis, which integrates a GNeRF and a texture generator. The former learns an implicit 3D representation of the human body and outputs a set of 2D semantic segmentation masks. The latter transforms these semantic masks into a real image, adding a realistic texture to the human appearance. Without requiring additional 3D information, our model can learn 3D human representations with a photo-realistic controllable generation. Our experiments on the DeepFashion dataset show that 3D-SGAN significantly outperforms the most recent baselines.      
### 26.Iterative Frame-Level Representation Learning And Classification For Semi-Supervised Temporal Action Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01402.pdf)
>  Temporal action segmentation classifies the action of each frame in (long) video sequences. Due to the high cost of frame-wise labeling, we propose the first semi-supervised method for temporal action segmentation. Our method hinges on unsupervised representation learning, which, for temporal action segmentation, poses unique challenges. Actions in untrimmed videos vary in length and have unknown labels and start/end times. Ordering of actions across videos may also vary. We propose a novel way to learn frame-wise representations from temporal convolutional networks (TCNs) by clustering input features with added time-proximity condition and multi-resolution similarity. By merging representation learning with conventional supervised learning, we develop an "Iterative-Contrast-Classify (ICC)" semi-supervised learning scheme. With more labelled data, ICC progressively improves in performance; ICC semi-supervised learning, with 40% labelled videos, performs similar to fully-supervised counterparts. Our ICC improves MoF by {+1.8, +5.6, +2.5}% on Breakfast, 50Salads and GTEA respectively for 100% labelled videos.      
### 27.TISE: A Toolbox for Text-to-Image Synthesis Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01398.pdf)
>  In this paper, we conduct a study on state-of-the-art methods for single- and multi-object text-to-image synthesis and propose a common framework for evaluating these methods. We first identify several common issues in the current evaluation of text-to-image models, which are: (i) a commonly used metric for image quality assessment, e.g., Inception Score (IS), is often either miscalibrated for the single-object case or misused for the multi-object case; (ii) the overfitting phenomenon appears in the existing R-precision (RP) and SOA metrics, which are used to assess text relevance and object accuracy aspects, respectively; (iii) many vital factors in the evaluation of the multi-object case are primarily dismissed, e.g., object fidelity, positional alignment, counting alignment; (iv) the ranking of the methods based on current metrics is highly inconsistent with real images. Then, to overcome these limitations, we propose a combined set of existing and new metrics to systematically evaluate the methods. For existing metrics, we develop an improved version of IS named IS* by using temperature scaling to calibrate the confidence of the classifier used by IS; we also propose a solution to mitigate the overfitting issues of RP and SOA. Regarding a set of new metrics compensating for the lacking of vital evaluating factors in the multi-object case, we develop CA for counting alignment, PA for positional alignment, object-centric IS (O-IS), object-centric FID (O-FID) for object fidelity. Our benchmark, therefore, results in a highly consistent ranking among existing methods, being well-aligned to human evaluation. We also create a strong baseline model (AttnGAN++) for the benchmark by a simple modification from the well-known AttnGAN. We will release this toolbox for unified evaluation, so-called TISE, to standardize the evaluation of the text-to-image synthesis models.      
### 28.InsCLR: Improving Instance Retrieval with Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01390.pdf)
>  This work aims at improving instance retrieval with self-supervision. We find that fine-tuning using the recently developed self-supervised (SSL) learning methods, such as SimCLR and MoCo, fails to improve the performance of instance retrieval. In this work, we identify that the learnt representations for instance retrieval should be invariant to large variations in viewpoint and background etc., whereas self-augmented positives applied by the current SSL methods can not provide strong enough signals for learning robust instance-level representations. To overcome this problem, we propose InsCLR, a new SSL method that builds on the \textit{instance-level} contrast, to learn the intra-class invariance by dynamically mining meaningful pseudo positive samples from both mini-batches and a memory bank during training. Extensive experiments demonstrate that InsCLR achieves similar or even better performance than the state-of-the-art SSL methods on instance retrieval. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zeludeng/insclr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Probabilistic Approach for Road-Users Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01360.pdf)
>  Object detection in autonomous driving applications implies that the detection and tracking of semantic objects are commonly native to urban driving environments, as pedestrians and vehicles. One of the major challenges in state-of-the-art deep-learning based object detection is false positive which occurrences with overconfident scores. This is highly undesirable in autonomous driving and other critical robotic-perception domains because of safety concerns. This paper proposes an approach to alleviate the problem of overconfident predictions by introducing a novel probabilistic layer to deep object detection networks in testing. The suggested approach avoids the traditional Sigmoid or Softmax prediction layer which often produces overconfident predictions. It is demonstrated that the proposed technique reduces overconfidence in the false positives without degrading the performance on the true positives. The approach is validated on the 2D-KITTI objection detection through the YOLOV4 and SECOND (Lidar-based detector). The proposed approach enables enabling interpretable probabilistic predictions without the requirement of re-training the network and therefore is very practical.      
### 30.MegBA: A High-Performance and Distributed Library for Large-Scale Bundle Adjustment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01349.pdf)
>  Large-scale Bundle Adjustment (BA) is the key for many 3D vision applications (e.g., Structure-from-Motion and SLAM). Though important, large-scale BA is still poorly supported by existing BA libraries (e.g., Ceres and g2o). These libraries under-utilise accelerators (i.e., GPUs), and they lack algorithms to distribute BA computation constrained by the memory on a single device. <br>In this paper, we propose MegBA, a high-performance and distributed library for large-scale BA. MegBA has a novel end-to-end vectorised BA algorithm that can fully exploit the massive parallel cores on GPUs, thus speeding up the entire BA computation. It also has a novel distributed BA algorithm that can automatically partition BA problems, and solve BA sub-problems using distributed GPUs. The GPUs synchronise intermediate solving state using network-efficient collective communication, and the synchronisation is designed to minimise communication cost. MegBA has a memory-efficient GPU runtime and exposes g2o-compatible APIs. Experiments show that MegBA can out-perform state-of-the-art BA libraries (i.e., Ceres and DeepLM) by up to 33x and 3.3x respectively, in public large-scale BA benchmarks. The code of MegBA is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MegviiRobot/MegBA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 31.3rd Place Solution for NeurIPS 2021 Shifts Challenge: Vehicle Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01348.pdf)
>  Shifts Challenge: Robustness and Uncertainty under Real-World Distributional Shift is a competition held by NeurIPS 2021. The objective of this competition is to search for methods to solve the motion prediction problem in cross-domain. In the real world dataset, It exists variance between input data distribution and ground-true data distribution, which is called the domain shift problem. In this report, we propose a new architecture inspired by state of the art papers. The main contribution is the backbone architecture with self-attention mechanism and predominant loss function. Subsequently, we won 3rd place as shown on the leaderboard.      
### 32.Semantic-Sparse Colorization Network for Deep Exemplar-based Colorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01335.pdf)
>  Exemplar-based colorization approaches rely on reference image to provide plausible colors for target gray-scale image. The key and difficulty of exemplar-based colorization is to establish an accurate correspondence between these two images. Previous approaches have attempted to construct such a correspondence but are faced with two obstacles. First, using luminance channels for the calculation of correspondence is inaccurate. Second, the dense correspondence they built introduces wrong matching results and increases the computation burden. To address these two problems, we propose Semantic-Sparse Colorization Network (SSCN) to transfer both the global image style and detailed semantic-related colors to the gray-scale image in a coarse-to-fine manner. Our network can perfectly balance the global and local colors while alleviating the ambiguous matching problem. Experiments show that our method outperforms existing methods in both quantitative and qualitative evaluation and achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 33.CSAW-M: An Ordinal Classification Dataset for Benchmarking Mammographic Masking of Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01330.pdf)
>  Interval and large invasive breast cancers, which are associated with worse prognosis than other cancers, are usually detected at a late stage due to false negative assessments of screening mammograms. The missed screening-time detection is commonly caused by the tumor being obscured by its surrounding breast tissues, a phenomenon called masking. To study and benchmark mammographic masking of cancer, in this work we introduce CSAW-M, the largest public mammographic dataset, collected from over 10,000 individuals and annotated with potential masking. In contrast to the previous approaches which measure breast image density as a proxy, our dataset directly provides annotations of masking potential assessments from five specialists. We also trained deep learning models on CSAW-M to estimate the masking level and showed that the estimated masking is significantly more predictive of screening participants diagnosed with interval and large invasive cancers -- without being explicitly trained for these tasks -- than its breast density counterparts.      
### 34.Putting 3D Spatially Sparse Networks on a Diet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01316.pdf)
>  3D neural networks have become prevalent for many 3D vision tasks including object detection, segmentation, registration, and various perception tasks for 3D inputs. However, due to the sparsity and irregularity of 3D data, custom 3D operators or network designs have been the primary focus of 3D research, while the size of networks or efficacy of parameters has been overlooked. In this work, we perform the first comprehensive study on the weight sparsity of spatially sparse 3D convolutional networks and propose a compact weight-sparse and spatially sparse 3D convnet (WS^3-ConvNet) for semantic segmentation and instance segmentation. We employ various network pruning strategies to find compact networks and show our WS^3-ConvNet achieves minimal loss in performance (2.15% drop) with orders-of-magnitude smaller number of parameters (1/100 compression rate). Finally, we systematically analyze the compression patterns of WS^3-ConvNet and show interesting emerging sparsity patterns common in our compressed networks to further speed up inference.      
### 35.NeSF: Neural Shading Field for Image Harmonization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01314.pdf)
>  Image harmonization aims at adjusting the appearance of the foreground to make it more compatible with the background. Due to a lack of understanding of the background illumination direction, existing works are incapable of generating a realistic foreground shading. In this paper, we decompose the image harmonization into two sub-problems: 1) illumination estimation of background images and 2) rendering of foreground objects. Before solving these two sub-problems, we first learn a direction-aware illumination descriptor via a neural rendering framework, of which the key is a Shading Module that decomposes the shading field into multiple shading components given depth information. Then we design a Background Illumination Estimation Module to extract the direction-aware illumination descriptor from the background. Finally, the illumination descriptor is used in conjunction with the neural rendering framework to generate the harmonized foreground image containing a novel harmonized shading. Moreover, we construct a photo-realistic synthetic image harmonization dataset that contains numerous shading variations by image-based lighting. Extensive experiments on this dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. Our dataset and code will be made publicly available.      
### 36.Sample Prior Guided Robust Model Learning to Suppress Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01197.pdf)
>  Imperfect labels are ubiquitous in real-world datasets and seriously harm the model performance. Several recent effective methods for handling noisy labels have two key steps: 1) dividing samples into cleanly labeled and wrongly labeled sets by training loss, 2) using semi-supervised methods to generate pseudo-labels for samples in the wrongly labeled set. However, current methods always hurt the informative hard samples due to the similar loss distribution between the hard samples and the noisy ones. In this paper, we proposed PGDF (Prior Guided Denoising Framework), a novel framework to learn a deep model to suppress noise by generating the samples' prior knowledge, which is integrated into both dividing samples step and semi-supervised step. Our framework can save more informative hard clean samples into the cleanly labeled set. Besides, our framework also promotes the quality of pseudo-labels during the semi-supervised step by suppressing the noise in the current pseudo-labels generating scheme. To further enhance the hard samples, we reweight the samples in the cleanly labeled set during training. We evaluated our method using synthetic datasets based on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100, as well as on the real-world datasets WebVision and Clothing1M. The results demonstrate substantial improvements over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 37.Video-Text Pre-training with Learned Regions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01194.pdf)
>  Video-Text pre-training aims at learning transferable representations from large-scale video-text pairs via aligning the semantics between visual and textual information. State-of-the-art approaches extract visual features from raw pixels in an end-to-end fashion. However, these methods operate at frame-level directly and thus overlook the spatio-temporal structure of objects in video, which yet has a strong synergy with nouns in textual descriptions. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective module for video-text representation learning, namely RegionLearner, which can take into account the structure of objects during pre-training on large-scale video-text pairs. Given a video, our module (1) first quantizes visual features into semantic clusters, then (2) generates learnable masks and uses them to aggregate the features belonging to the same semantic region, and finally (3) models the interactions between different aggregated regions. In contrast to using off-the-shelf object detectors, our proposed module does not require explicit supervision and is much more computationally efficient. We pre-train the proposed approach on the public WebVid2M and CC3M datasets. Extensive evaluations on four downstream video-text retrieval benchmarks clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of our RegionLearner. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ruiyan1995/Region_Learner" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.MTFNet: Mutual-Transformer Fusion Network for RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01177.pdf)
>  Salient object detection (SOD) on RGB-D images is an active problem in computer vision. The main challenges for RGB-D SOD problem are how to 1) extract the accurate features for RGB and Depth image data with clutter background or poor image quality and 2) explore the complementary information between RGB and Depth image data. To address these challenges, we propose a novel Mutual-Transformer Fusion Network (MTFNet) for RGB-D SOD. MTFNet contains two main modules, $i.e.$, Focal Feature Extractor (FFE) and Mutual-Transformer Fusion (MTF). FFE aims to extract the more accurate CNN features for RGB and Depth images by introducing a novel pixel-level focal regularization to guide CNN feature extractor. MTF is designed to deeply exploit the multi-modal interaction between RGB and Depth images on both coarse and fine scales. The main benefit of MTF is that it conducts the learning of intra-modality and inter-modality simultaneously and thus can achieve communication across different modalities more directly and sufficiently. Comprehensive experimental results on six public benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our proposed MTFNet.      
### 39.Overcoming the Domain Gap in Neural Action Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01176.pdf)
>  Relating animal behaviors to brain activity is a fundamental goal in neuroscience, with practical applications in building robust brain-machine interfaces. However, the domain gap between individuals is a major issue that prevents the training of general models that work on unlabeled subjects. <br>Since 3D pose data can now be reliably extracted from multi-view video sequences without manual intervention, we propose to use it to guide the encoding of neural action representations together with a set of neural and behavioral augmentations exploiting the properties of microscopy imaging. To reduce the domain gap, during training, we swap neural and behavioral data across animals that seem to be performing similar actions. <br>To demonstrate this, we test our methods on three very different multimodal datasets; one that features flies and their neural activity, one that contains human neural Electrocorticography (ECoG) data, and lastly the RGB video data of human activities from different viewpoints.      
### 40.Video Frame Interpolation without Temporal Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01161.pdf)
>  Video frame interpolation, which aims to synthesize non-exist intermediate frames in a video sequence, is an important research topic in computer vision. Existing video frame interpolation methods have achieved remarkable results under specific assumptions, such as instant or known exposure time. However, in complicated real-world situations, the temporal priors of videos, i.e. frames per second (FPS) and frame exposure time, may vary from different camera sensors. When test videos are taken under different exposure settings from training ones, the interpolated frames will suffer significant misalignment problems. In this work, we solve the video frame interpolation problem in a general situation, where input frames can be acquired under uncertain exposure (and interval) time. Unlike previous methods that can only be applied to a specific temporal prior, we derive a general curvilinear motion trajectory formula from four consecutive sharp frames or two consecutive blurry frames without temporal priors. Moreover, utilizing constraints within adjacent motion trajectories, we devise a novel optical flow refinement strategy for better interpolation results. Finally, experiments demonstrate that one well-trained model is enough for synthesizing high-quality slow-motion videos under complicated real-world situations. Codes are available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yjzhang96/UTI-VFI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Batch Normalization Tells You Which Filter is Important  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01155.pdf)
>  The goal of filter pruning is to search for unimportant filters to remove in order to make convolutional neural networks (CNNs) efficient without sacrificing the performance in the process. The challenge lies in finding information that can help determine how important or relevant each filter is with respect to the final output of neural networks. In this work, we share our observation that the batch normalization (BN) parameters of pre-trained CNNs can be used to estimate the feature distribution of activation outputs, without processing of training data. Upon observation, we propose a simple yet effective filter pruning method by evaluating the importance of each filter based on the BN parameters of pre-trained CNNs. The experimental results on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet demonstrate that the proposed method can achieve outstanding performance with and without fine-tuning in terms of the trade-off between the accuracy drop and the reduction in computational complexity and number of parameters of pruned networks.      
### 42.FIBA: Frequency-Injection based Backdoor Attack in Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01148.pdf)
>  In recent years, the security of AI systems has drawn increasing research attention, especially in the medical imaging realm. To develop a secure medical image analysis (MIA) system, it is a must to study possible backdoor attacks (BAs), which can embed hidden malicious behaviors into the system. However, designing a unified BA method that can be applied to various MIA systems is challenging due to the diversity of imaging modalities (e.g., X-Ray, CT, and MRI) and analysis tasks (e.g., classification, detection, and segmentation). Most existing BA methods are designed to attack natural image classification models, which apply spatial triggers to training images and inevitably corrupt the semantics of poisoned pixels, leading to the failures of attacking dense prediction models. To address this issue, we propose a novel Frequency-Injection based Backdoor Attack method (FIBA) that is capable of delivering attacks in various MIA tasks. Specifically, FIBA leverages a trigger function in the frequency domain that can inject the low-frequency information of a trigger image into the poisoned image by linearly combining the spectral amplitude of both images. Since it preserves the semantics of the poisoned image pixels, FIBA can perform attacks on both classification and dense prediction models. Experiments on three benchmarks in MIA (i.e., ISIC-2019 for skin lesion classification, KiTS-19 for kidney tumor segmentation, and EAD-2019 for endoscopic artifact detection), validate the effectiveness of FIBA and its superiority over state-of-the-art methods in attacking MIA models as well as bypassing backdoor defense. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HazardFY/FIBA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Open-set 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01135.pdf)
>  3D object detection has been wildly studied in recent years, especially for robot perception systems. However, existing 3D object detection is under a closed-set condition, meaning that the network can only output boxes of trained classes. Unfortunately, this closed-set condition is not robust enough for practical use, as it will identify unknown objects as known by mistake. Therefore, in this paper, we propose an open-set 3D object detector, which aims to (1) identify known objects, like the closed-set detection, and (2) identify unknown objects and give their accurate bounding boxes. Specifically, we divide the open-set 3D object detection problem into two steps: (1) finding out the regions containing the unknown objects with high probability and (2) enclosing the points of these regions with proper bounding boxes. The first step is solved by the finding that unknown objects are often classified as known objects with low confidence, and we show that the Euclidean distance sum based on metric learning is a better confidence score than the naive softmax probability to differentiate unknown objects from known objects. On this basis, unsupervised clustering is used to refine the bounding boxes of unknown objects. The proposed method combining metric learning and unsupervised clustering is called the MLUC network. Our experiments show that our MLUC network achieves state-of-the-art performance and can identify both known and unknown objects as expected.      
### 44."Just Drive": Colour Bias Mitigation for Semantic Segmentation in the Context of Urban Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01121.pdf)
>  Biases can filter into AI technology without our knowledge. Oftentimes, seminal deep learning networks champion increased accuracy above all else. In this paper, we attempt to alleviate biases encountered by semantic segmentation models in urban driving scenes, via an iteratively trained unlearning algorithm. Convolutional neural networks have been shown to rely on colour and texture rather than geometry. This raises issues when safety-critical applications, such as self-driving cars, encounter images with covariate shift at test time - induced by variations such as lighting changes or seasonality. Conceptual proof of bias unlearning has been shown on simple datasets such as MNIST. However, the strategy has never been applied to the safety-critical domain of pixel-wise semantic segmentation of highly variable training data - such as urban scenes. Trained models for both the baseline and bias unlearning scheme have been tested for performance on colour-manipulated validation sets showing a disparity of up to 85.50% in mIoU from the original RGB images - confirming segmentation networks strongly depend on the colour information in the training data to make their classification. The bias unlearning scheme shows improvements of handling this covariate shift of up to 61% in the best observed case - and performs consistently better at classifying the "human" and "vehicle" classes compared to the baseline model.      
### 45.Attention based Occlusion Removal for Hybrid Telepresence Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01098.pdf)
>  Traditionally, video conferencing is a widely adopted solution for telecommunication, but a lack of immersiveness comes inherently due to the 2D nature of facial representation. The integration of Virtual Reality (VR) in a communication/telepresence system through Head Mounted Displays (HMDs) promises to provide users a much better immersive experience. However, HMDs cause hindrance by blocking the facial appearance and expressions of the user. To overcome these issues, we propose a novel attention-enabled encoder-decoder architecture for HMD de-occlusion. We also propose to train our person-specific model using short videos (1-2 minutes) of the user, captured in varying appearances, and demonstrated generalization to unseen poses and appearances of the user. We report superior qualitative and quantitative results over state-of-the-art methods. We also present applications of this approach to hybrid video teleconferencing using existing animation and 3D face reconstruction pipelines.      
### 46.TCTN: A 3D-Temporal Convolutional Transformer Network for Spatiotemporal Predictive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01085.pdf)
>  Spatiotemporal predictive learning is to generate future frames given a sequence of historical frames. Conventional algorithms are mostly based on recurrent neural networks (RNNs). However, RNN suffers from heavy computational burden such as time and long back-propagation process due to the seriality of recurrent structure. Recently, Transformer-based methods have also been investigated in the form of encoder-decoder or plain encoder, but the encoder-decoder form requires too deep networks and the plain encoder is lack of short-term dependencies. To tackle these problems, we propose an algorithm named 3D-temporal convolutional transformer (TCTN), where a transformer-based encoder with temporal convolutional layers is employed to capture short-term and long-term dependencies. Our proposed algorithm can be easy to implement and trained much faster compared with RNN-based methods thanks to the parallel mechanism of Transformer. To validate our algorithm, we conduct experiments on the MovingMNIST and KTH dataset, and show that TCTN outperforms state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods in both performance and training speed.      
### 47.Controllable Video Captioning with an Exemplar Sentence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01073.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate a novel and challenging task, namely controllable video captioning with an exemplar sentence. Formally, given a video and a syntactically valid exemplar sentence, the task aims to generate one caption which not only describes the semantic contents of the video, but also follows the syntactic form of the given exemplar sentence. In order to tackle such an exemplar-based video captioning task, we propose a novel Syntax Modulated Caption Generator (SMCG) incorporated in an encoder-decoder-reconstructor architecture. The proposed SMCG takes video semantic representation as an input, and conditionally modulates the gates and cells of long short-term memory network with respect to the encoded syntactic information of the given exemplar sentence. Therefore, SMCG is able to control the states for word prediction and achieve the syntax customized caption generation. We conduct experiments by collecting auxiliary exemplar sentences for two public video captioning datasets. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on generating syntax controllable and semantic preserved video captions. By providing different exemplar sentences, our approach is capable of producing different captions with various syntactic structures, thus indicating a promising way to strengthen the diversity of video captioning.      
### 48.The Second Place Solution for ICCV2021 VIPriors Instance Segmentation Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01072.pdf)
>  The Visual Inductive Priors(VIPriors) for Data-Efficient Computer Vision challenges ask competitors to train models from scratch in a data-deficient setting. In this paper, we introduce the technical details of our submission to the ICCV2021 VIPriors instance segmentation challenge. Firstly, we designed an effective data augmentation method to improve the problem of data-deficient. Secondly, we conducted some experiments to select a proper model and made some improvements for this task. Thirdly, we proposed an effective training strategy which can improve the performance. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach can achieve a competitive result on the test set. According to the competition rules, we do not use any external image or video data and pre-trained weights. The implementation details above are described in section 2 and section 3. Finally, our approach can achieve 40.2\%AP@0.50:0.95 on the test set of ICCV2021 VIPriors instance segmentation challenge.      
### 49.DenseCLIP: Extract Free Dense Labels from CLIP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01071.pdf)
>  Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) has made a remarkable breakthrough in open-vocabulary zero-shot image recognition. Many recent studies leverage the pre-trained CLIP models for image-level classification and manipulation. In this paper, we further explore the potentials of CLIP for pixel-level dense prediction, specifically in semantic segmentation. Our method, DenseCLIP, in the absence of annotations and fine-tuning, yields reasonable segmentation results on open concepts across various datasets. By adding pseudo labeling and self-training, DenseCLIP+ surpasses SOTA transductive zero-shot semantic segmentation methods by large margins, e.g., mIoUs of unseen classes on PASCAL VOC/PASCAL Context/COCO Stuff are improved from 35.6/20.7/30.3 to 86.1/66.7/54.7. We also test the robustness of DenseCLIP under input corruption and evaluate its capability in discriminating fine-grained objects and novel concepts. Our finding suggests that DenseCLIP can serve as a new reliable source of supervision for dense prediction tasks to achieve annotation-free segmentation.      
### 50.Fast automatic deforestation detectors and their extensions for other spatial objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01063.pdf)
>  This paper is devoted to the problem of detection of forest and non-forest areas on Earth images. We propose two statistical methods to tackle this problem: one based on multiple hypothesis testing with parametric distribution families, another one -- on non-parametric tests. The parametric approach is novel in the literature and relevant to a larger class of problems -- detection of natural objects, as well as anomaly detection. We develop mathematical background for each of the two methods, build self-sufficient detection algorithms using them and discuss numerical aspects of their implementation. We also compare our algorithms with those from standard machine learning using satellite data.      
### 51.Syntax Customized Video Captioning by Imitating Exemplar Sentences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01062.pdf)
>  Enhancing the diversity of sentences to describe video contents is an important problem arising in recent video captioning research. In this paper, we explore this problem from a novel perspective of customizing video captions by imitating exemplar sentence syntaxes. Specifically, given a video and any syntax-valid exemplar sentence, we introduce a new task of Syntax Customized Video Captioning (SCVC) aiming to generate one caption which not only semantically describes the video contents but also syntactically imitates the given exemplar sentence. To tackle the SCVC task, we propose a novel video captioning model, where a hierarchical sentence syntax encoder is firstly designed to extract the syntactic structure of the exemplar sentence, then a syntax conditioned caption decoder is devised to generate the syntactically structured caption expressing video semantics. As there is no available syntax customized groundtruth video captions, we tackle such a challenge by proposing a new training strategy, which leverages the traditional pairwise video captioning data and our collected exemplar sentences to accomplish the model learning. Extensive experiments, in terms of semantic, syntactic, fluency, and diversity evaluations, clearly demonstrate our model capability to generate syntax-varied and semantics-coherent video captions that well imitate different exemplar sentences with enriched diversities.      
### 52.Stronger Baseline for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01059.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) aims to identify the same person of interest across non-overlapping capturing cameras, which plays an important role in visual surveillance applications and computer vision research areas. Fitting a robust appearance-based representation extractor with limited collected training data is crucial for person re-ID due to the high expanse of annotating the identity of unlabeled data. In this work, we propose a Stronger Baseline for person re-ID, an enhancement version of the current prevailing method, namely, Strong Baseline, with tiny modifications but a faster convergence rate and higher recognition performance. With the aid of Stronger Baseline, we obtained the third place (i.e., 0.94 in mAP) in 2021 VIPriors Re-identification Challenge without the auxiliary of ImageNet-based pre-trained parameter initialization and any extra supplemental dataset.      
### 53.CloudWalker: 3D Point Cloud Learning by Random Walks for Shape Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01050.pdf)
>  Point clouds are gaining prominence as a method for representing 3D shapes, but its irregular structure poses a challenge for deep learning methods. In this paper we propose CloudWalker, a novel method for learning 3D shapes using random walks. Previous works attempt to adapt Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNS) or impose a grid or mesh structure to 3D point clouds. This work presents a different approach to represent and learn the shape from a given point set. The key idea is to impose structure on the point set by multiple random walks through the cloud for exploring different regions of the 3D object. Then we learn a per-point and per-walk representation and aggregate multiple walk predictions at inference. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art results for two 3D shape analysis tasks: classification and retrieval. Furthermore, we propose a shape complexity indicator function that uses cross-walk and inter-walk variance measures to subdivide the shape space.      
### 54.N-ImageNet: Towards Robust, Fine-Grained Object Recognition with Event Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01041.pdf)
>  We introduce N-ImageNet, a large-scale dataset targeted for robust, fine-grained object recognition with event cameras. The dataset is collected using programmable hardware in which an event camera consistently moves around a monitor displaying images from ImageNet. N-ImageNet serves as a challenging benchmark for event-based object recognition, due to its large number of classes and samples. We empirically show that pretraining on N-ImageNet improves the performance of event-based classifiers and helps them learn with few labeled data. In addition, we present several variants of N-ImageNet to test the robustness of event-based classifiers under diverse camera trajectories and severe lighting conditions, and propose a novel event representation to alleviate the performance degradation. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to quantitatively investigate the consequences caused by various environmental conditions on event-based object recognition algorithms. N-ImageNet and its variants are expected to guide practical implementations for deploying event-based object recognition algorithms in the real world.      
### 55.Stacked Temporal Attention: Improving First-person Action Recognition by Emphasizing Discriminative Clips  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01038.pdf)
>  First-person action recognition is a challenging task in video understanding. Because of strong ego-motion and a limited field of view, many backgrounds or noisy frames in a first-person video can distract an action recognition model during its learning process. To encode more discriminative features, the model needs to have the ability to focus on the most relevant part of the video for action recognition. Previous works explored to address this problem by applying temporal attention but failed to consider the global context of the full video, which is critical for determining the relatively significant parts. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective Stacked Temporal Attention Module (STAM) to compute temporal attention based on the global knowledge across clips for emphasizing the most discriminative features. We achieve this by stacking multiple self-attention layers. Instead of naive stacking, which is experimentally proven to be ineffective, we carefully design the input to each self-attention layer so that both the local and global context of the video is considered during generating the temporal attention weights. Experiments demonstrate that our proposed STAM can be built on top of most existing backbones and boost the performance in various datasets.      
### 56.Inferring Prototypes for Multi-Label Few-Shot Image Classification with Word Vector Guided Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01037.pdf)
>  Multi-label few-shot image classification (ML-FSIC) is the task of assigning descriptive labels to previously unseen images, based on a small number of training examples. A key feature of the multi-label setting is that images often have multiple labels, which typically refer to different regions of the image. When estimating prototypes, in a metric-based setting, it is thus important to determine which regions are relevant for which labels, but the limited amount of training data makes this highly challenging. As a solution, in this paper we propose to use word embeddings as a form of prior knowledge about the meaning of the labels. In particular, visual prototypes are obtained by aggregating the local feature maps of the support images, using an attention mechanism that relies on the label embeddings. As an important advantage, our model can infer prototypes for unseen labels without the need for fine-tuning any model parameters, which demonstrates its strong generalization abilities. Experiments on COCO and PASCAL VOC furthermore show that our model substantially improves the current state-of-the-art.      
### 57.GANSeg: Learning to Segment by Unsupervised Hierarchical Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01036.pdf)
>  Segmenting an image into its parts is a frequent preprocess for high-level vision tasks such as image editing. However, annotating masks for supervised training is expensive. Weakly-supervised and unsupervised methods exist, but they depend on the comparison of pairs of images, such as from multi-views, frames of videos, and image transformations of single images, which limits their applicability. To address this, we propose a GAN-based approach that generates images conditioned on latent masks, thereby alleviating full or weak annotations required in previous approaches. We show that such mask-conditioned image generation can be learned faithfully when conditioning the masks in a hierarchical manner on latent keypoints that define the position of parts explicitly. Without requiring supervision of masks or points, this strategy increases robustness to viewpoint and object positions changes. It also lets us generate image-mask pairs for training a segmentation network, which outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised segmentation methods on established benchmarks.      
### 58.Leveraging Human Selective Attention for Medical Image Analysis with Limited Training Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01034.pdf)
>  The human gaze is a cost-efficient physiological data that reveals human underlying attentional patterns. The selective attention mechanism helps the cognition system focus on task-relevant visual clues by ignoring the presence of distractors. Thanks to this ability, human beings can efficiently learn from a very limited number of training samples. Inspired by this mechanism, we aim to leverage gaze for medical image analysis tasks with small training data. Our proposed framework includes a backbone encoder and a Selective Attention Network (SAN) that simulates the underlying attention. The SAN implicitly encodes information such as suspicious regions that is relevant to the medical diagnose tasks by estimating the actual human gaze. Then we design a novel Auxiliary Attention Block (AAB) to allow information from SAN to be utilized by the backbone encoder to focus on selective areas. Specifically, this block uses a modified version of a multi-head attention layer to simulate the human visual search procedure. Note that the SAN and AAB can be plugged into different backbones, and the framework can be used for multiple medical image analysis tasks when equipped with task-specific heads. Our method is demonstrated to achieve superior performance on both 3D tumor segmentation and 2D chest X-ray classification tasks. We also show that the estimated gaze probability map of the SAN is consistent with an actual gaze fixation map obtained by board-certified doctors.      
### 59.TBN-ViT: Temporal Bilateral Network with Vision Transformer for Video Scene Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01033.pdf)
>  Video scene parsing in the wild with diverse scenarios is a challenging and great significance task, especially with the rapid development of automatic driving technique. The dataset Video Scene Parsing in the Wild(VSPW) contains well-trimmed long-temporal, dense annotation and high resolution clips. Based on VSPW, we design a Temporal Bilateral Network with Vision Transformer. We first design a spatial path with convolutions to generate low level features which can preserve the spatial information. Meanwhile, a context path with vision transformer is employed to obtain sufficient context information. Furthermore, a temporal context module is designed to harness the inter-frames contextual information. Finally, the proposed method can achieve the mean intersection over union(mIoU) of 49.85\% for the VSPW2021 Challenge test dataset.      
### 60.TransMEF: A Transformer-Based Multi-Exposure Image Fusion Framework using Self-Supervised Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01030.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose TransMEF, a transformer-based multi-exposure image fusion framework that uses self-supervised multi-task learning. The framework is based on an encoder-decoder network, which can be trained on large natural image datasets and does not require ground truth fusion images. We design three self-supervised reconstruction tasks according to the characteristics of multi-exposure images and conduct these tasks simultaneously using multi-task learning; through this process, the network can learn the characteristics of multi-exposure images and extract more generalized features. In addition, to compensate for the defect in establishing long-range dependencies in CNN-based architectures, we design an encoder that combines a CNN module with a transformer module. This combination enables the network to focus on both local and global information. We evaluated our method and compared it to 11 competitive traditional and deep learning-based methods on the latest released multi-exposure image fusion benchmark dataset, and our method achieved the best performance in both subjective and objective evaluations.      
### 61.Unconstrained Face Sketch Synthesis via Perception-Adaptive Network and A New Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01019.pdf)
>  Face sketch generation has attracted much attention in the field of visual computing. However, existing methods either are limited to constrained conditions or heavily rely on various preprocessing steps to deal with in-the-wild cases. In this paper, we argue that accurately perceiving facial region and facial components is crucial for unconstrained sketch synthesis. To this end, we propose a novel Perception-Adaptive Network (PANet), which can generate high-quality face sketches under unconstrained conditions in an end-to-end scheme. Specifically, our PANet is composed of i) a Fully Convolutional Encoder for hierarchical feature extraction, ii) a Face-Adaptive Perceiving Decoder for extracting potential facial region and handling face variations, and iii) a Component-Adaptive Perceiving Module for facial component aware feature representation learning. To facilitate further researches of unconstrained face sketch synthesis, we introduce a new benchmark termed WildSketch, which contains 800 pairs of face photo-sketch with large variations in pose, expression, ethnic origin, background, and illumination. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is capable of achieving state-of-the-art performance under both constrained and unconstrained conditions. Our source codes and the WildSketch benchmark are resealed on the project page <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://lingboliu.com/unconstrained_face_sketch.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 62.Local Similarity Pattern and Cost Self-Reassembling for Deep Stereo Matching Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01011.pdf)
>  Although convolution neural network based stereo matching architectures have made impressive achievements, there are still some limitations: 1) Convolutional Feature (CF) tends to capture appearance information, which is inadequate for accurate matching. 2) Due to the static filters, current convolution based disparity refinement modules often produce over-smooth results. In this paper, we present two schemes to address these issues, where some traditional wisdoms are integrated. Firstly, we introduce a pairwise feature for deep stereo matching networks, named LSP (Local Similarity Pattern). Through explicitly revealing the neighbor relationships, LSP contains rich structural information, which can be leveraged to aid CF for more discriminative feature description. Secondly, we design a dynamic self-reassembling refinement strategy and apply it to the cost distribution and the disparity map respectively. The former could be equipped with the unimodal distribution constraint to alleviate the over-smoothing problem, and the latter is more practical. The effectiveness of the proposed methods is demonstrated via incorporating them into two well-known basic architectures, GwcNet and GANet-deep. Experimental results on the SceneFlow and KITTI benchmarks show that our modules significantly improve the performance of the model.      
### 63.SEAL: Self-supervised Embodied Active Learning using Exploration and 3D Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01001.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore how we can build upon the data and models of Internet images and use them to adapt to robot vision without requiring any extra labels. We present a framework called Self-supervised Embodied Active Learning (SEAL). It utilizes perception models trained on internet images to learn an active exploration policy. The observations gathered by this exploration policy are labelled using 3D consistency and used to improve the perception model. We build and utilize 3D semantic maps to learn both action and perception in a completely self-supervised manner. The semantic map is used to compute an intrinsic motivation reward for training the exploration policy and for labelling the agent observations using spatio-temporal 3D consistency and label propagation. We demonstrate that the SEAL framework can be used to close the action-perception loop: it improves object detection and instance segmentation performance of a pretrained perception model by just moving around in training environments and the improved perception model can be used to improve Object Goal Navigation.      
### 64.SwinTrack: A Simple and Strong Baseline for Transformer Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00995.pdf)
>  Transformer has recently demonstrated clear potential in improving visual tracking algorithms. Nevertheless, existing transformer-based trackers mostly use Transformer to fuse and enhance the features generated by convolutional neural networks (CNNs). By contrast, in this paper, we propose a fully attentional-based Transformer tracking algorithm, Swin-Transformer Tracker (SwinTrack). SwinTrack uses Transformer for both feature extraction and feature fusion, allowing full interactions between the target object and the search region for tracking. To further improve performance, we investigate comprehensively different strategies for feature fusion, position encoding, and training loss. All these efforts make SwinTrack a simple yet solid baseline. In our thorough experiments, SwinTrack sets a new record with 0.717 SUC on LaSOT, surpassing STARK by 4.6\% while still running at 45 FPS. Besides, it achieves state-of-the-art performances with 0.483 SUC, 0.832 SUC and 0.694 AO on other challenging LaSOT$_{ext}$, TrackingNet, and GOT-10k. Our implementation and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LitingLin/SwinTrack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 65.Consensus Graph Representation Learning for Better Grounded Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00974.pdf)
>  The contemporary visual captioning models frequently hallucinate objects that are not actually in a scene, due to the visual misclassification or over-reliance on priors that resulting in the semantic inconsistency between the visual information and the target lexical words. The most common way is to encourage the captioning model to dynamically link generated object words or phrases to appropriate regions of the image, i.e., the grounded image captioning (GIC). However, GIC utilizes an auxiliary task (grounding objects) that has not solved the key issue of object hallucination, i.e., the semantic inconsistency. In this paper, we take a novel perspective on the issue above - exploiting the semantic coherency between the visual and language modalities. Specifically, we propose the Consensus Rraph Representation Learning framework (CGRL) for GIC that incorporates a consensus representation into the grounded captioning pipeline. The consensus is learned by aligning the visual graph (e.g., scene graph) to the language graph that consider both the nodes and edges in a graph. With the aligned consensus, the captioning model can capture both the correct linguistic characteristics and visual relevance, and then grounding appropriate image regions further. We validate the effectiveness of our model, with a significant decline in object hallucination (-9% CHAIRi) on the Flickr30k Entities dataset. Besides, our CGRL also evaluated by several automatic metrics and human evaluation, the results indicate that the proposed approach can simultaneously improve the performance of image captioning (+2.9 Cider) and grounding (+2.3 F1LOC).      
### 66.Object-Centric Unsupervised Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00969.pdf)
>  Training an image captioning model in an unsupervised manner without utilizing annotated image-caption pairs is an important step towards tapping into a wider corpus of text and images. In the supervised setting, image-caption pairs are "well-matched", where all objects mentioned in the sentence appear in the corresponding image. These pairings are, however, not available in the unsupervised setting. To overcome this, a main school of research that has been shown to be effective in overcoming this is to construct pairs from the images and texts in the training set according to their overlap of objects. Unlike in the supervised setting, these constructed pairings are however not guaranteed to have fully overlapping set of objects. Our work in this paper overcomes this by harvesting objects corresponding to a given sentence from the training set, even if they don't belong to the same image. When used as input to a transformer, such mixture of objects enable larger if not full object coverage, and when supervised by the corresponding sentence, produced results that outperform current state of the art unsupervised methods by a significant margin. Building upon this finding, we further show that (1) additional information on relationship between objects and attributes of objects also helps in boosting performance; and (2) our method also extends well to non-English image captioning, which usually suffers from a scarcer level of annotations. Our findings are supported by strong empirical results.      
### 67.Relational Graph Learning for Grounded Video Description Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00967.pdf)
>  Grounded video description (GVD) encourages captioning models to attend to appropriate video regions (e.g., objects) dynamically and generate a description. Such a setting can help explain the decisions of captioning models and prevents the model from hallucinating object words in its description. However, such design mainly focuses on object word generation and thus may ignore fine-grained information and suffer from missing visual concepts. Moreover, relational words (e.g., "jump left or right") are usual spatio-temporal inference results, i.e., these words cannot be grounded on certain spatial regions. To tackle the above limitations, we design a novel relational graph learning framework for GVD, in which a language-refined scene graph representation is designed to explore fine-grained visual concepts. Furthermore, the refined graph can be regarded as relational inductive knowledge to assist captioning models in selecting the relevant information it needs to generate correct words. We validate the effectiveness of our model through automatic metrics and human evaluation, and the results indicate that our approach can generate more fine-grained and accurate description, and it solves the problem of object hallucination to some extent.      
### 68.Vision Pair Learning: An Efficient Training Framework for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00965.pdf)
>  Transformer is a potentially powerful architecture for vision tasks. Although equipped with more parameters and attention mechanism, its performance is not as dominant as CNN currently. CNN is usually computationally cheaper and still the leading competitor in various vision tasks. One research direction is to adopt the successful ideas of CNN and improve transformer, but it often relies on elaborated and heuristic network design. Observing that transformer and CNN are complementary in representation learning and convergence speed, we propose an efficient training framework called Vision Pair Learning (VPL) for image classification task. VPL builds up a network composed of a transformer branch, a CNN branch and pair learning module. With multi-stage training strategy, VPL enables the branches to learn from their partners during the appropriate stage of the training process, and makes them both achieve better performance with less time cost. Without external data, VPL promotes the top-1 accuracy of ViT-Base and ResNet-50 on the ImageNet-1k validation set to 83.47% and 79.61% respectively. Experiments on other datasets of various domains prove the efficacy of VPL and suggest that transformer performs better when paired with the differently structured CNN in VPL. we also analyze the importance of components through ablation study.      
### 69.Hierarchical Neural Implicit Pose Network for Animation and Motion Retargeting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00958.pdf)
>  We present HIPNet, a neural implicit pose network trained on multiple subjects across many poses. HIPNet can disentangle subject-specific details from pose-specific details, effectively enabling us to retarget motion from one subject to another or to animate between keyframes through latent space interpolation. To this end, we employ a hierarchical skeleton-based representation to learn a signed distance function on a canonical unposed space. This joint-based decomposition enables us to represent subtle details that are local to the space around the body joint. Unlike previous neural implicit method that requires ground-truth SDF for training, our model we only need a posed skeleton and the point cloud for training, and we have no dependency on a traditional parametric model or traditional skinning approaches. We achieve state-of-the-art results on various single-subject and multi-subject benchmarks.      
### 70.Temporally Resolution Decrement: Utilizing the Shape Consistency for Higher Computational Efficiency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00954.pdf)
>  Image resolution that has close relations with accuracy and computational cost plays a pivotal role in network training. In this paper, we observe that the reduced image retains relatively complete shape semantics but loses extensive texture information. Inspired by the consistency of the shape semantics as well as the fragility of the texture information, we propose a novel training strategy named Temporally Resolution Decrement. Wherein, we randomly reduce the training images to a smaller resolution in the time domain. During the alternate training with the reduced images and the original images, the unstable texture information in the images results in a weaker correlation between the texture-related patterns and the correct label, naturally enforcing the model to rely more on shape properties that are robust and conform to the human decision rule. Surprisingly, our approach greatly improves the computational efficiency of convolutional neural networks. On ImageNet classification, using only 33% calculation quantity (randomly reducing the training image to 112$\times$112 within 90% epochs) can still improve ResNet-50 from 76.32% to 77.71%, and using 63% calculation quantity (randomly reducing the training image to 112 x 112 within 50% epochs) can improve ResNet-50 to 78.18%.      
### 71.Maximum Consensus by Weighted Influences of Monotone Boolean Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00953.pdf)
>  Robust model fitting is a fundamental problem in computer vision: used to pre-process raw data in the presence of outliers. Maximisation of Consensus (MaxCon) is one of the most popular robust criteria and widely used. Recently (Tennakoon et al. CVPR2021), a connection has been made between MaxCon and estimation of influences of a Monotone Boolean function. Equipping the Boolean cube with different measures and adopting different sampling strategies (two sides of the same coin) can have differing effects: which leads to the current study. This paper studies the concept of weighted influences for solving MaxCon. In particular, we study endowing the Boolean cube with the Bernoulli measure and performing biased (as opposed to uniform) sampling. Theoretically, we prove the weighted influences, under this measure, of points belonging to larger structures are smaller than those of points belonging to smaller structures in general. We also consider another "natural" family of sampling/weighting strategies, sampling with uniform measure concentrated on a particular (Hamming) level of the cube. <br>Based on weighted sampling, we modify the algorithm of Tennakoon et al., and test on both synthetic and real datasets. This paper is not promoting a new approach per se, but rather studying the issue of weighted sampling. Accordingly, we are not claiming to have produced a superior algorithm: rather we show some modest gains of Bernoulli sampling, and we illuminate some of the interactions between structure in data and weighted sampling.      
### 72.Visual-Semantic Transformer for Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00948.pdf)
>  Modeling semantic information is helpful for scene text recognition. In this work, we propose to model semantic and visual information jointly with a Visual-Semantic Transformer (VST). The VST first explicitly extracts primary semantic information from visual feature maps with a transformer module and a primary visual-semantic alignment module. The semantic information is then joined with the visual feature maps (viewed as a sequence) to form a pseudo multi-domain sequence combining visual and semantic information, which is subsequently fed into an transformer-based interaction module to enable learning of interactions between visual and semantic features. In this way, the visual features can be enhanced by the semantic information and vice versus. The enhanced version of visual features are further decoded by a secondary visual-semantic alignment module which shares weights with the primary one. Finally, the decoded visual features and the enhanced semantic features are jointly processed by the third transformer module obtaining the final text prediction. Experiments on seven public benchmarks including regular/ irregular text recognition datasets verifies the effectiveness our proposed model, reaching state of the art on four of the seven benchmarks.      
### 73.On Salience-Sensitive Sign Classification in Autonomous Vehicle Path Planning: Experimental Explorations with a Novel Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00942.pdf)
>  Safe path planning in autonomous driving is a complex task due to the interplay of static scene elements and uncertain surrounding agents. While all static scene elements are a source of information, there is asymmetric importance to the information available to the ego vehicle. We present a dataset with a novel feature, sign salience, defined to indicate whether a sign is distinctly informative to the goals of the ego vehicle with regards to traffic regulations. Using convolutional networks on cropped signs, in tandem with experimental augmentation by road type, image coordinates, and planned maneuver, we predict the sign salience property with 76% accuracy, finding the best improvement using information on vehicle maneuver with sign images.      
### 74.Generalized Closed-form Formulae for Feature-based Subpixel Alignment in Patch-based Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00941.pdf)
>  Cost-based image patch matching is at the core of various techniques in computer vision, photogrammetry and remote sensing. When the subpixel disparity between the reference patch in the source and target images is required, either the cost function or the target image have to be interpolated. While cost-based interpolation is the easiest to implement, multiple works have shown that image based interpolation can increase the accuracy of the subpixel matching, but usually at the cost of expensive search procedures. This, however, is problematic, especially for very computation intensive applications such as stereo matching or optical flow computation. In this paper, we show that closed form formulae for subpixel disparity computation for the case of one dimensional matching, e.g., in the case of rectified stereo images where the search space is of one dimension, exists when using the standard NCC, SSD and SAD cost functions. We then demonstrate how to generalize the proposed formulae to the case of high dimensional search spaces, which is required for unrectified stereo matching and optical flow extraction. We also compare our results with traditional cost volume interpolation formulae as well as with state-of-the-art cost-based refinement methods, and show that the proposed formulae bring a small improvement over the state-of-the-art cost-based methods in the case of one dimensional search spaces, and a significant improvement when the search space is two dimensional.      
### 75.PartImageNet: A Large, High-Quality Dataset of Parts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00933.pdf)
>  A part-based object understanding facilitates efficient compositional learning and knowledge transfer, robustness to occlusion, and has the potential to increase the performance on general recognition and localization tasks. However, research on part-based models is hindered due to the lack of datasets with part annotations, which is caused by the extreme difficulty and high cost of annotating object parts in images. In this paper, we propose PartImageNet, a large, high-quality dataset with part segmentation annotations. It consists of 158 classes from ImageNet with approximately 24000 images. PartImageNet is unique because it offers part-level annotations on a general set of classes with non-rigid, articulated objects, while having an order of magnitude larger size compared to existing datasets. It can be utilized in multiple vision tasks including but not limited to: Part Discovery, Semantic Segmentation, Few-shot Learning. Comprehensive experiments are conducted to set up a set of baselines on PartImageNet and we find that existing works on part discovery can not always produce satisfactory results during complex variations. The exploit of parts on downstream tasks also remains insufficient. We believe that our PartImageNet will greatly facilitate the research on part-based models and their applications. The dataset and scripts will soon be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TACJu/PartImageNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 76.Event Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00891.pdf)
>  Video data is often repetitive; for example, the content of adjacent frames is usually strongly correlated. Such repetition occurs at multiple levels of complexity, from low-level pixel values to textures and high-level semantics. We propose Event Neural Networks (EvNets), a novel class of networks that leverage this repetition to achieve considerable computation savings for video inference tasks. A defining characteristic of EvNets is that each neuron has state variables that provide it with long-term memory, which allows low-cost inference even in the presence of significant camera motion. We show that it is possible to transform virtually any conventional neural into an EvNet. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on several state-of-the-art neural networks for both high- and low-level visual processing, including pose recognition, object detection, optical flow, and image enhancement. We observe up to an order-of-magnitude reduction in computational costs (2-20x) as compared to conventional networks, with minimal reductions in model accuracy.      
### 77.Generating Diverse 3D Reconstructions from a Single Occluded Face Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00879.pdf)
>  Occlusions are a common occurrence in unconstrained face images. Single image 3D reconstruction from such face images often suffers from corruption due to the presence of occlusions. Furthermore, while a plurality of 3D reconstructions is plausible in the occluded regions, existing approaches are limited to generating only a single solution. To address both of these challenges, we present Diverse3DFace, which is specifically designed to simultaneously generate a diverse and realistic set of 3D reconstructions from a single occluded face image. It consists of three components: a global+local shape fitting process, a graph neural network-based mesh VAE, and a Determinantal Point Process based diversity promoting iterative optimization procedure. Quantitative and qualitative comparisons of 3D reconstruction on occluded faces show that Diverse3DFace can estimate 3D shapes that are consistent with the visible regions in the target image while exhibiting high, yet realistic, levels of diversity on the occluded regions. On face images occluded by masks, glasses, and other random objects, Diverse3DFace generates a distribution of 3D shapes having ~50% higher diversity on the occluded regions compared to the baselines. Moreover, our closest sample to the ground truth has ~40% lower MSE than the singular reconstructions by existing approaches.      
### 78.GANORCON: Are Generative Models Useful for Few-shot Segmentation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00854.pdf)
>  Advances in generative modeling based on GANs has motivated the community to find their use beyond image generation and editing tasks. In particular, several recent works have shown that GAN representations can be re-purposed for discriminative tasks such as part segmentation, especially when training data is limited. But how do these improvements stack-up against recent advances in self-supervised learning? Motivated by this we present an alternative approach based on contrastive learning and compare their performance on standard few-shot part segmentation benchmarks. Our experiments reveal that not only do the GAN-based approach offer no significant performance advantage, their multi-step training is complex, nearly an order-of-magnitude slower, and can introduce additional bias. These experiments suggest that the inductive biases of generative models, such as their ability to disentangle shape and texture, are well captured by standard feed-forward networks trained using contrastive learning. These experiments suggest that the inductive biases present in current generative models, such as their ability to disentangle shape and texture, are well captured by standard feed-forward networks trained using contrastive learning.      
### 79.Interpretable Deep Learning-Based Forensic Iris Segmentation and Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00849.pdf)
>  Iris recognition of living individuals is a mature biometric modality that has been adopted globally from governmental ID programs, border crossing, voter registration and de-duplication, to unlocking mobile phones. On the other hand, the possibility of recognizing deceased subjects with their iris patterns has emerged recently. In this paper, we present an end-to-end deep learning-based method for postmortem iris segmentation and recognition with a special visualization technique intended to support forensic human examiners in their efforts. The proposed postmortem iris segmentation approach outperforms the state of the art and in addition to iris annulus, as in case of classical iris segmentation methods - detects abnormal regions caused by eye decomposition processes, such as furrows or irregular specular highlights present on the drying and wrinkling cornea. The method was trained and validated with data acquired from 171 cadavers, kept in mortuary conditions, and tested on subject-disjoint data acquired from 259 deceased subjects. To our knowledge, this is the largest corpus of data used in postmortem iris recognition research to date. The source code of the proposed method are offered with the paper. The test data will be available through the National Archive of Criminal Justice Data (NACJD) archives.      
### 80.CLAWS: Contrastive Learning with hard Attention and Weak Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00847.pdf)
>  Learning effective visual representations without human supervision is a long-standing problem in computer vision. Recent advances in self-supervised learning algorithms have utilized contrastive learning, with methods such as SimCLR, which applies a composition of augmentations to an image, and minimizes a contrastive loss between the two augmented images. In this paper, we present CLAWS, an annotation-efficient learning framework, addressing the problem of manually labeling large-scale agricultural datasets along with potential applications such as anomaly detection and plant growth analytics. CLAWS uses a network backbone inspired by SimCLR and weak supervision to investigate the effect of contrastive learning within class clusters. In addition, we inject a hard attention mask to the cropped input image before maximizing agreement between the image pairs using a contrastive loss function. This mask forces the network to focus on pertinent object features and ignore background features. We compare results between a supervised SimCLR and CLAWS using an agricultural dataset with 227,060 samples consisting of 11 different crop classes. Our experiments and extensive evaluations show that CLAWS achieves a competitive NMI score of 0.7325. Furthermore, CLAWS engenders the creation of low dimensional representations of very large datasets with minimal parameter tuning and forming well-defined clusters, which lends themselves to using efficient, transparent, and highly interpretable clustering methods such as Gaussian Mixture Models.      
### 81.FaSS-MVS -- Fast Multi-View Stereo with Surface-Aware Semi-Global Matching from UAV-borne Monocular Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00821.pdf)
>  With FaSS-MVS, we present an approach for fast multi-view stereo with surface-aware Semi-Global Matching that allows for rapid depth and normal map estimation from monocular aerial video data captured by UAVs. The data estimated by FaSS-MVS, in turn, facilitates online 3D mapping, meaning that a 3D map of the scene is immediately and incrementally generated while the image data is acquired or being received. FaSS-MVS is comprised of a hierarchical processing scheme in which depth and normal data, as well as corresponding confidence scores, are estimated in a coarse-to-fine manner, allowing to efficiently process large scene depths which are inherent to oblique imagery captured by low-flying UAVs. The actual depth estimation employs a plane-sweep algorithm for dense multi-image matching to produce depth hypotheses from which the actual depth map is extracted by means of a surface-aware semi-global optimization, reducing the fronto-parallel bias of SGM. Given the estimated depth map, the pixel-wise surface normal information is then computed by reprojecting the depth map into a point cloud and calculating the normal vectors within a confined local neighborhood. In a thorough quantitative and ablative study we show that the accuracies of the 3D information calculated by FaSS-MVS is close to that of state-of-the-art approaches for offline multi-view stereo, with the error not even being one magnitude higher than that of COLMAP. At the same time, however, the average run-time of FaSS-MVS to estimate a single depth and normal map is less than 14 % of that of COLMAP, allowing to perform an online and incremental processing of Full-HD imagery at 1-2 Hz.      
### 82.PreViTS: Contrastive Pretraining with Video Tracking Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00804.pdf)
>  Videos are a rich source for self-supervised learning (SSL) of visual representations due to the presence of natural temporal transformations of objects. However, current methods typically randomly sample video clips for learning, which results in a poor supervisory signal. In this work, we propose PreViTS, an SSL framework that utilizes an unsupervised tracking signal for selecting clips containing the same object, which helps better utilize temporal transformations of objects. PreViTS further uses the tracking signal to spatially constrain the frame regions to learn from and trains the model to locate meaningful objects by providing supervision on Grad-CAM attention maps. To evaluate our approach, we train a momentum contrastive (MoCo) encoder on VGG-Sound and Kinetics-400 datasets with PreViTS. Training with PreViTS outperforms representations learnt by MoCo alone on both image recognition and video classification downstream tasks, obtaining state-of-the-art performance on action classification. PreViTS helps learn feature representations that are more robust to changes in background and context, as seen by experiments on image and video datasets with background changes. Learning from large-scale uncurated videos with PreViTS could lead to more accurate and robust visual feature representations.      
### 83.Using Deep Image Prior to Assist Variational Selective Segmentation Deep Learning Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00793.pdf)
>  Variational segmentation algorithms require a prior imposed in the form of a regularisation term to enforce smoothness of the solution. Recently, it was shown in the Deep Image Prior work that the explicit regularisation in a model can be removed and replaced by the implicit regularisation captured by the architecture of a neural network. The Deep Image Prior approach is competitive, but is only tailored to one specific image and does not allow us to predict future images. We propose to incorporate the ideas from Deep Image Prior into a more traditional learning algorithm to allow us to use the implicit regularisation offered by the Deep Image Prior, but still be able to predict future images.      
### 84.Routing with Self-Attention for Multimodal Capsule Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00775.pdf)
>  The task of multimodal learning has seen a growing interest recently as it allows for training neural architectures based on different modalities such as vision, text, and audio. One challenge in training such models is that they need to jointly learn semantic concepts and their relationships across different input representations. Capsule networks have been shown to perform well in context of capturing the relation between low-level input features and higher-level concepts. However, capsules have so far mainly been used only in small-scale fully supervised settings due to the resource demand of conventional routing algorithms. We present a new multimodal capsule network that allows us to leverage the strength of capsules in the context of a multimodal learning framework on large amounts of video data. To adapt the capsules to large-scale input data, we propose a novel routing by self-attention mechanism that selects relevant capsules which are then used to generate a final joint multimodal feature representation. This allows not only for robust training with noisy video data, but also to scale up the size of the capsule network compared to traditional routing methods while still being computationally efficient. We evaluate the proposed architecture by pretraining it on a large-scale multimodal video dataset and applying it on four datasets in two challenging downstream tasks. Results show that the proposed multimodal capsule network is not only able to improve results compared to other routing techniques, but also achieves competitive performance on the task of multimodal learning.      
### 85.The Surprising Effectiveness of Representation Learning for Visual Imitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01511.pdf)
>  While visual imitation learning offers one of the most effective ways of learning from visual demonstrations, generalizing from them requires either hundreds of diverse demonstrations, task specific priors, or large, hard-to-train parametric models. One reason such complexities arise is because standard visual imitation frameworks try to solve two coupled problems at once: learning a succinct but good representation from the diverse visual data, while simultaneously learning to associate the demonstrated actions with such representations. Such joint learning causes an interdependence between these two problems, which often results in needing large amounts of demonstrations for learning. To address this challenge, we instead propose to decouple representation learning from behavior learning for visual imitation. First, we learn a visual representation encoder from offline data using standard supervised and self-supervised learning methods. Once the representations are trained, we use non-parametric Locally Weighted Regression to predict the actions. We experimentally show that this simple decoupling improves the performance of visual imitation models on both offline demonstration datasets and real-robot door opening compared to prior work in visual imitation. All of our generated data, code, and robot videos are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://jyopari.github.io/VINN/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 86.Training Efficiency and Robustness in Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01423.pdf)
>  Deep Learning has revolutionized machine learning and artificial intelligence, achieving superhuman performance in several standard benchmarks. It is well-known that deep learning models are inefficient to train; they learn by processing millions of training data multiple times and require powerful computational resources to process large batches of data in parallel at the same time rather than sequentially. Deep learning models also have unexpected failure modes; they can be fooled into misbehaviour, producing unexpectedly incorrect predictions. <br>In this thesis, we study approaches to improve the training efficiency and robustness of deep learning models. In the context of learning visual-semantic embeddings, we find that prioritizing learning on more informative training data increases convergence speed and improves generalization performance on test data. We formalize a simple trick called hard negative mining as a modification to the learning objective function with no computational overhead. Next, we seek improvements to optimization speed in general-purpose optimization methods in deep learning. We show that a redundancy-aware modification to the sampling of training data improves the training speed and develops an efficient method for detecting the diversity of training signal, namely, gradient clustering. Finally, we study adversarial robustness in deep learning and approaches to achieve maximal adversarial robustness without training with additional data. For linear models, we prove guaranteed maximal robustness achieved only by appropriate choice of the optimizer, regularization, or architecture.      
### 87.Deep residential representations: Using unsupervised learning to unlock elevation data for geo-demographic prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01421.pdf)
>  LiDAR (short for "Light Detection And Ranging" or "Laser Imaging, Detection, And Ranging") technology can be used to provide detailed three-dimensional elevation maps of urban and rural landscapes. To date, airborne LiDAR imaging has been predominantly confined to the environmental and archaeological domains. However, the geographically granular and open-source nature of this data also lends itself to an array of societal, organizational and business applications where geo-demographic type data is utilised. Arguably, the complexity involved in processing this multi-dimensional data has thus far restricted its broader adoption. In this paper, we propose a series of convenient task-agnostic tile elevation embeddings to address this challenge, using recent advances from unsupervised Deep Learning. We test the potential of our embeddings by predicting seven English indices of deprivation (2019) for small geographies in the Greater London area. These indices cover a range of socio-economic outcomes and serve as a proxy for a wide variety of downstream tasks to which the embeddings can be applied. We consider the suitability of this data not just on its own but also as an auxiliary source of data in combination with demographic features, thus providing a realistic use case for the embeddings. Having trialled various model/embedding configurations, we find that our best performing embeddings lead to Root-Mean-Squared-Error (RMSE) improvements of up to 21% over using standard demographic features alone. We also demonstrate how our embedding pipeline, using Deep Learning combined with K-means clustering, produces coherent tile segments which allow the latent embedding features to be interpreted.      
### 88.Active Learning for Domain Adaptation: An Energy-based Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01406.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation has recently emerged as an effective paradigm for generalizing deep neural networks to new target domains. However, there is still enormous potential to be tapped to reach the fully supervised performance. In this paper, we present a novel active learning strategy to assist knowledge transfer in the target domain, dubbed active domain adaptation. We start from an observation that energy-based models exhibit free energy biases when training (source) and test (target) data come from different distributions. Inspired by this inherent mechanism, we empirically reveal that a simple yet efficient energy-based sampling strategy sheds light on selecting the most valuable target samples than existing approaches requiring particular architectures or computation of the distances. Our algorithm, Energy-based Active Domain Adaptation (EADA), queries groups of targe data that incorporate both domain characteristic and instance uncertainty into every selection round. Meanwhile, by aligning the free energy of target data compact around the source domain via a regularization term, domain gap can be implicitly diminished. Through extensive experiments, we show that EADA surpasses state-of-the-art methods on well-known challenging benchmarks with substantial improvements, making it a useful option in the open world. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BIT-DA/EADA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 89.Multi-task fusion for improving mammography screening data classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01320.pdf)
>  Machine learning and deep learning methods have become essential for computer-assisted prediction in medicine, with a growing number of applications also in the field of mammography. Typically these algorithms are trained for a specific task, e.g., the classification of lesions or the prediction of a mammogram's pathology status. To obtain a comprehensive view of a patient, models which were all trained for the same task(s) are subsequently ensembled or combined. In this work, we propose a pipeline approach, where we first train a set of individual, task-specific models and subsequently investigate the fusion thereof, which is in contrast to the standard model ensembling strategy. We fuse model predictions and high-level features from deep learning models with hybrid patient models to build stronger predictors on patient level. To this end, we propose a multi-branch deep learning model which efficiently fuses features across different tasks and mammograms to obtain a comprehensive patient-level prediction. We train and evaluate our full pipeline on public mammography data, i.e., DDSM and its curated version CBIS-DDSM, and report an AUC score of 0.962 for predicting the presence of any lesion and 0.791 for predicting the presence of malignant lesions on patient level. Overall, our fusion approaches improve AUC scores significantly by up to 0.04 compared to standard model ensembling. Moreover, by providing not only global patient-level predictions but also task-specific model results that are related to radiological features, our pipeline aims to closely support the reading workflow of radiologists.      
### 90.Detecting Extratropical Cyclones of the Northern Hemisphere with Single Shot Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01283.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a deep learning-based model to detect extratropical cyclones (ETCs) of northern hemisphere, while developing a novel workflow of processing images and generating labels for ETCs. We first label the cyclone center by adapting an approach from Bonfanti <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://et.al" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. [1] and set up criteria of labeling ETCs of three categories: developing, mature, and declining stages. We then propose a framework of labeling and preprocessing the images in our dataset. Once the images and labels are ready to serve as inputs, we create our object detection model named Single Shot Detector (SSD) to fit the format of our dataset. We train and evaluate our model with our labeled dataset on two settings (binary and multiclass classifications), while keeping a record of the results. Finally, we achieved relatively high performance with detecting ETCs of mature stage (mean Average Precision is 86.64%), and an acceptable result for detecting ETCs of all three categories (mean Average Precision 79.34%). We conclude that the single-shot detector model can succeed in detecting ETCs of different stages, and it has demonstrated great potential in the future applications of ETC detection in other relevant settings.      
### 91.Deep Learning-Based Carotid Artery Vessel Wall Segmentation in Black-Blood MRI Using Anatomical Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01137.pdf)
>  Carotid artery vessel wall thickness measurement is an essential step in the monitoring of patients with atherosclerosis. This requires accurate segmentation of the vessel wall, i.e., the region between an artery's lumen and outer wall, in black-blood magnetic resonance (MR) images. Commonly used convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for semantic segmentation are suboptimal for this task as their use does not guarantee a contiguous ring-shaped segmentation. Instead, in this work, we cast vessel wall segmentation as a multi-task regression problem in a polar coordinate system. For each carotid artery in each axial image slice, we aim to simultaneously find two non-intersecting nested contours that together delineate the vessel wall. CNNs applied to this problem enable an inductive bias that guarantees ring-shaped vessel walls. Moreover, we identify a problem-specific training data augmentation technique that substantially affects segmentation performance. We apply our method to segmentation of the internal and external carotid artery wall, and achieve top-ranking quantitative results in a public challenge, i.e., a median Dice similarity coefficient of 0.813 for the vessel wall and median Hausdorff distances of 0.552 mm and 0.776 mm for lumen and outer wall, respectively. Moreover, we show how the method improves over a conventional semantic segmentation approach. These results show that it is feasible to automatically obtain anatomically plausible segmentations of the carotid vessel wall with high accuracy.      
### 92.Differentiable Spatial Planning using Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01010.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of spatial path planning. In contrast to the classical solutions which optimize a new plan from scratch and assume access to the full map with ground truth obstacle locations, we learn a planner from the data in a differentiable manner that allows us to leverage statistical regularities from past data. We propose Spatial Planning Transformers (SPT), which given an obstacle map learns to generate actions by planning over long-range spatial dependencies, unlike prior data-driven planners that propagate information locally via convolutional structure in an iterative manner. In the setting where the ground truth map is not known to the agent, we leverage pre-trained SPTs in an end-to-end framework that has the structure of mapper and planner built into it which allows seamless generalization to out-of-distribution maps and goals. SPTs outperform prior state-of-the-art differentiable planners across all the setups for both manipulation and navigation tasks, leading to an absolute improvement of 7-19%.      
### 93.Editing a classifier by rewriting its prediction rules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.01008.pdf)
>  We present a methodology for modifying the behavior of a classifier by directly rewriting its prediction rules. Our approach requires virtually no additional data collection and can be applied to a variety of settings, including adapting a model to new environments, and modifying it to ignore spurious features. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MadryLab/EditingClassifiers" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 94.CDLNet: Noise-Adaptive Convolutional Dictionary Learning Network for Blind Denoising and Demosaicing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00913.pdf)
>  Deep learning based methods hold state-of-the-art results in low-level image processing tasks, but remain difficult to interpret due to their black-box construction. Unrolled optimization networks present an interpretable alternative to constructing deep neural networks by deriving their architecture from classical iterative optimization methods without use of tricks from the standard deep learning tool-box. So far, such methods have demonstrated performance close to that of state-of-the-art models while using their interpretable construction to achieve a comparably low learned parameter count. In this work, we propose an unrolled convolutional dictionary learning network (CDLNet) and demonstrate its competitive denoising and joint denoising and demosaicing (JDD) performance both in low and high parameter count regimes. Specifically, we show that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art fully convolutional denoising and JDD models when scaled to a similar parameter count. In addition, we leverage the model's interpretable construction to propose a noise-adaptive parameterization of thresholds in the network that enables state-of-the-art blind denoising performance, and near perfect generalization on noise-levels unseen during training. Furthermore, we show that such performance extends to the JDD task and unsupervised learning.      
### 95.DFTS2: Simulating Deep Feature Transmission Over Packet Loss Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00794.pdf)
>  In edge-cloud collaborative intelligence (CI), an unreliable transmission channel exists in the information path of the AI model performing the inference. It is important to be able to simulate the performance of the CI system across an imperfect channel in order to understand system behavior and develop appropriate error control strategies. In this paper we present a simulation framework called DFTS2, which enables researchers to define the components of the CI system in TensorFlow~2, select a packet-based channel model with various parameters, and simulate system behavior under various channel conditions and error/loss control strategies. Using DFTS2, we also present the most comprehensive study to date of the packet loss concealment methods for collaborative image classification models.      
### 96.Incomplete Multi-view Clustering via Cross-view Relation Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00739.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of multi-view clustering on incomplete views. Compared with complete multi-view clustering, the view-missing problem increases the difficulty of learning common representations from different views. To address the challenge, we propose a novel incomplete multi-view clustering framework, which incorporates cross-view relation transfer and multi-view fusion learning. Specifically, based on the consistency existing in multi-view data, we devise a cross-view relation transfer-based completion module, which transfers known similar inter-instance relationships to the missing view and recovers the missing data via graph networks based on the transferred relationship graph. Then the view-specific encoders are designed to extract the recovered multi-view data, and an attention-based fusion layer is introduced to obtain the common representation. Moreover, to reduce the impact of the error caused by the inconsistency between views and obtain a better clustering structure, a joint clustering layer is introduced to optimize recovery and clustering simultaneously. Extensive experiments conducted on several real datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 97.Reference-guided Pseudo-Label Generation for Medical Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00735.pdf)
>  Producing densely annotated data is a difficult and tedious task for medical imaging applications. To address this problem, we propose a novel approach to generate supervision for semi-supervised semantic segmentation. We argue that visually similar regions between labeled and unlabeled images likely contain the same semantics and therefore should share their label. Following this thought, we use a small number of labeled images as reference material and match pixels in an unlabeled image to the semantics of the best fitting pixel in a reference set. This way, we avoid pitfalls such as confirmation bias, common in purely prediction-based pseudo-labeling. Since our method does not require any architectural changes or accompanying networks, one can easily insert it into existing frameworks. We achieve the same performance as a standard fully supervised model on X-ray anatomy segmentation, albeit 95% fewer labeled images. Aside from an in-depth analysis of different aspects of our proposed method, we further demonstrate the effectiveness of our reference-guided learning paradigm by comparing our approach against existing methods for retinal fluid segmentation with competitive performance as we improve upon recent work by up to 15% mean IoU.      
### 98.Federated Learning with Adaptive Batchnorm for Personalized Healthcare  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00734.pdf)
>  There is a growing interest in applying machine learning techniques for healthcare. Recently, federated machine learning (FL) is gaining popularity since it allows researchers to train powerful models without compromising data privacy and security. However, the performance of existing FL approaches often deteriorates when encountering non-iid situations where there exist distribution gaps among clients, and few previous efforts focus on personalization in healthcare. In this article, we propose AdaFed to tackle domain shifts and obtain personalized models for local clients. AdaFed learns the similarity between clients via the statistics of the batch normalization layers while preserving the specificity of each client with different local batch normalization. Comprehensive experiments on five healthcare benchmarks demonstrate that AdaFed achieves better accuracy compared to state-of-the-art methods (e.g., \textbf{10}\%+ accuracy improvement for PAMAP2) with faster convergence speed.      
### 99.Highly accelerated MR parametric mapping by undersampling the k-space and reducing the contrast number simultaneously with deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00730.pdf)
>  Purpose: To propose a novel deep learning-based method called RG-Net (reconstruction and generation network) for highly accelerated MR parametric mapping by undersampling k-space and reducing the acquired contrast number simultaneously. <br>Methods: The proposed framework consists of a reconstruction module and a generative module. The reconstruction module reconstructs MR images from the acquired few undersampled k-space data with the help of a data prior. The generative module then synthesizes the remaining multi-contrast images from the reconstructed images, where the exponential model is implicitly incorporated into the image generation through the supervision of fully sampled labels. The RG-Net was evaluated on the T1\r{ho} mapping data of knee and brain at different acceleration rates. Regional T1\r{ho} analysis for cartilage and the brain was performed to access the performance of RG-Net. <br>Results: RG-Net yields a high-quality T1\r{ho} map at a high acceleration rate of 17. Compared with the competing methods that only undersample k-space, our framework achieves better performance in T1\r{ho} value analysis. Our method also improves quality of T1\r{ho} maps on patient with glioma. <br>Conclusion: The proposed RG-Net that adopted a new strategy by undersampling k-space and reducing the contrast number simultaneously for fast MR parametric mapping, can achieve a high acceleration rate while maintaining good reconstruction quality. The generative module of our framework can also be used as an insert module in other fast MR parametric mapping methods. <br>Keywords: Deep learning, convolutional neural network, fast MR parametric mapping      
### 100.Total-Body Low-Dose CT Image Denoising using Prior Knowledge Transfer Technique with Contrastive Regularization Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.00729.pdf)
>  Reducing the radiation exposure for patients in Total-body CT scans has attracted extensive attention in the medical imaging community. Given the fact that low radiation dose may result in increased noise and artifacts, which greatly affected the clinical diagnosis. To obtain high-quality Total-body Low-dose CT (LDCT) images, previous deep-learning-based research work has introduced various network architectures. However, most of these methods only adopt Normal-dose CT (NDCT) images as ground truths to guide the training of the denoising network. Such simple restriction leads the model to less effectiveness and makes the reconstructed images suffer from over-smoothing effects. In this paper, we propose a novel intra-task knowledge transfer method that leverages the distilled knowledge from NDCT images to assist the training process on LDCT images. The derived architecture is referred to as the Teacher-Student Consistency Network (TSC-Net), which consists of the teacher network and the student network with identical architecture. Through the supervision between intermediate features, the student network is encouraged to imitate the teacher network and gain abundant texture details. Moreover, to further exploit the information contained in CT scans, a contrastive regularization mechanism (CRM) built upon contrastive learning is introduced.CRM performs to pull the restored CT images closer to the NDCT samples and push far away from the LDCT samples in the latent space. In addition, based on the attention and deformable convolution mechanism, we design a Dynamic Enhancement Module (DEM) to improve the network transformation capability.      
