# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 23 Dec 2021
### 1.Open-Vocabulary Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12143.pdf)
>  We design an open-vocabulary image segmentation model to organize an image into meaningful regions indicated by arbitrary texts. We identify that recent open-vocabulary models can not localize visual concepts well despite recognizing what are in an image. We argue that these models miss an important step of visual grouping, which organizes pixels into groups before learning visual-semantic alignments. We propose OpenSeg to address the above issue. First, it learns to propose segmentation masks for possible organizations. Then it learns visual-semantic alignments by aligning each word in a caption to one or a few predicted masks. We find the mask representations are the key to support learning from captions, making it possible to scale up the dataset and vocabulary sizes. Our work is the first to perform zero-shot transfer on holdout segmentation datasets. We set up two strong baselines by applying class activation maps or fine-tuning with pixel-wise labels on a pre-trained ALIGN model. OpenSeg outperforms these baselines by 3.4 mIoU on PASCAL-Context (459 classes) and 2.7 mIoU on ADE-20k (847 classes).      
### 2.Multi-modal 3D Human Pose Estimation with 2D Weak Supervision in Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12141.pdf)
>  3D human pose estimation (HPE) in autonomous vehicles (AV) differs from other use cases in many factors, including the 3D resolution and range of data, absence of dense depth maps, failure modes for LiDAR, relative location between the camera and LiDAR, and a high bar for estimation accuracy. Data collected for other use cases (such as virtual reality, gaming, and animation) may therefore not be usable for AV applications. This necessitates the collection and annotation of a large amount of 3D data for HPE in AV, which is time-consuming and expensive. In this paper, we propose one of the first approaches to alleviate this problem in the AV setting. Specifically, we propose a multi-modal approach which uses 2D labels on RGB images as weak supervision to perform 3D HPE. The proposed multi-modal architecture incorporates LiDAR and camera inputs with an auxiliary segmentation branch. On the Waymo Open Dataset, our approach achieves a 22% relative improvement over camera-only 2D HPE baseline, and 6% improvement over LiDAR-only model. Finally, careful ablation studies and parts based analysis illustrate the advantages of each of our contributions.      
### 3.Can Deep Neural Networks be Converted to Ultra Low-Latency Spiking Neural Networks?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12133.pdf)
>  Spiking neural networks (SNNs), that operate via binary spikes distributed over time, have emerged as a promising energy efficient ML paradigm for resource-constrained devices. However, the current state-of-the-art (SOTA) SNNs require multiple time steps for acceptable inference accuracy, increasing spiking activity and, consequently, energy consumption. SOTA training strategies for SNNs involve conversion from a non-spiking deep neural network (DNN). In this paper, we determine that SOTA conversion strategies cannot yield ultra low latency because they incorrectly assume that the DNN and SNN pre-activation values are uniformly distributed. We propose a new training algorithm that accurately captures these distributions, minimizing the error between the DNN and converted SNN. The resulting SNNs have ultra low latency and high activation sparsity, yielding significant improvements in compute efficiency. In particular, we evaluate our framework on image recognition tasks from CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets on several VGG and ResNet architectures. We obtain top-1 accuracy of 64.19% with only 2 time steps on the CIFAR-100 dataset with ~159.2x lower compute energy compared to an iso-architecture standard DNN. Compared to other SOTA SNN models, our models perform inference 2.5-8x faster (i.e., with fewer time steps).      
### 4.NICE-SLAM: Neural Implicit Scalable Encoding for SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12130.pdf)
>  Neural implicit representations have recently shown encouraging results in various domains, including promising progress in simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). Nevertheless, existing methods produce over-smoothed scene reconstructions and have difficulty scaling up to large scenes. These limitations are mainly due to their simple fully-connected network architecture that does not incorporate local information in the observations. In this paper, we present NICE-SLAM, a dense SLAM system that incorporates multi-level local information by introducing a hierarchical scene representation. Optimizing this representation with pre-trained geometric priors enables detailed reconstruction on large indoor scenes. Compared to recent neural implicit SLAM systems, our approach is more scalable, efficient, and robust. Experiments on five challenging datasets demonstrate competitive results of NICE-SLAM in both mapping and tracking quality.      
### 5.Reflash Dropout in Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12089.pdf)
>  Dropout is designed to relieve the overfitting problem in high-level vision tasks but is rarely applied in low-level vision tasks, like image super-resolution (SR). As a classic regression problem, SR exhibits a different behaviour as high-level tasks and is sensitive to the dropout operation. However, in this paper, we show that appropriate usage of dropout benefits SR networks and improves the generalization ability. Specifically, dropout is better embedded at the end of the network and is significantly helpful for the multi-degradation settings. This discovery breaks our common sense and inspires us to explore its working mechanism. We further use two analysis tools -- one is from recent network interpretation works, and the other is specially designed for this task. The analysis results provide side proofs to our experimental findings and show us a new perspective to understand SR networks.      
### 6.Improved skin lesion recognition by a Self-Supervised Curricular Deep Learning approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12086.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art deep learning approaches for skin lesion recognition often require pretraining on larger and more varied datasets, to overcome the generalization limitations derived from the reduced size of the skin lesion imaging datasets. ImageNet is often used as the pretraining dataset, but its transferring potential is hindered by the domain gap between the source dataset and the target dermatoscopic scenario. In this work, we introduce a novel pretraining approach that sequentially trains a series of Self-Supervised Learning pretext tasks and only requires the unlabeled skin lesion imaging data. We present a simple methodology to establish an ordering that defines a pretext task curriculum. For the multi-class skin lesion classification problem, and ISIC-2019 dataset, we provide experimental evidence showing that: i) a model pretrained by a curriculum of pretext tasks outperforms models pretrained by individual pretext tasks, and ii) a model pretrained by the optimal pretext task curriculum outperforms a model pretrained on ImageNet. We demonstrate that this performance gain is related to the fact that the curriculum of pretext tasks better focuses the attention of the final model on the skin lesion. Beyond performance improvement, this strategy allows for a large reduction in the training time with respect to ImageNet pretraining, which is especially advantageous for network architectures tailored for a specific problem.      
### 7.Input-Specific Robustness Certification for Randomized Smoothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12084.pdf)
>  Although randomized smoothing has demonstrated high certified robustness and superior scalability to other certified defenses, the high computational overhead of the robustness certification bottlenecks the practical applicability, as it depends heavily on the large sample approximation for estimating the confidence interval. In existing works, the sample size for the confidence interval is universally set and agnostic to the input for prediction. This Input-Agnostic Sampling (IAS) scheme may yield a poor Average Certified Radius (ACR)-runtime trade-off which calls for improvement. In this paper, we propose Input-Specific Sampling (ISS) acceleration to achieve the cost-effectiveness for robustness certification, in an adaptive way of reducing the sampling size based on the input characteristic. Furthermore, our method universally controls the certified radius decline from the ISS sample size reduction. The empirical results on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet show that ISS can speed up the certification by more than three times at a limited cost of 0.05 certified radius. Meanwhile, ISS surpasses IAS on the average certified radius across the extensive hyperparameter settings. Specifically, ISS achieves ACR=0.958 on ImageNet ($\sigma=1.0$) in 250 minutes, compared to ACR=0.917 by IAS under the same condition. We release our code in \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/roy-ch/Input-Specific-Certification" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 8.A New Adaptive Noise Covariance Matrices Estimation and Filtering Method: Application to Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12082.pdf)
>  Kalman filters are widely used for object tracking, where process and measurement noise are usually considered accurately known and constant. However, the exact known and constant assumptions do not always hold in practice. For example, when lidar is used to track noncooperative targets, the measurement noise is different under different distances and weather conditions. In addition, the process noise changes with the object's motion state, especially when the tracking object is a pedestrian, and the process noise changes more frequently. This paper proposes a new estimation-calibration-correction closed-loop estimation method to estimate the Kalman filter process and measurement noise covariance matrices online. First, we decompose the noise covariance matrix into an element distribution matrix and noise intensity and improve the Sage filter to estimate the element distribution matrix. Second, we propose a calibration method to accurately diagnose the noise intensity deviation. We then propose a correct method to adaptively correct the noise intensity online. Third, under the assumption that the system is detectable, the unbiased and convergence of the proposed method is mathematically proven. Simulation results prove the effectiveness and reliability of the proposed method. Finally, we apply the proposed method to multiobject tracking of lidar and evaluate it on the official KITTI server. The proposed method on the KITTI pedestrian multiobject tracking leaderboard (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> /kitti/eval_tracking.php) surpasses all existing methods using lidar, proving the feasibility of the method in practical applications. This work provides a new way to improve the performance of the Kalman filter and multiobject tracking.      
### 9.Spatio-Temporal CNN baseline method for the Sports Video Task of MediaEval 2021 benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12074.pdf)
>  This paper presents the baseline method proposed for the Sports Video task part of the MediaEval 2021 benchmark. This task proposes a stroke detection and a stroke classification subtasks. This baseline addresses both subtasks. The spatio-temporal CNN architecture and the training process of the model are tailored according to the addressed subtask. The method has the purpose of helping the participants to solve the task and is not meant to reach stateof-the-art performance. Still, for the detection task, the baseline is performing better than the other participants, which stresses the difficulty of such a task.      
### 10.Two Stream Network for Stroke Detection in Table Tennis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12073.pdf)
>  This paper presents a table tennis stroke detection method from videos. The method relies on a two-stream Convolutional Neural Network processing in parallel the RGB Stream and its computed optical flow. The method has been developed as part of the MediaEval 2021 benchmark for the Sport task. Our contribution did not outperform the provided baseline on the test set but has performed the best among the other participants with regard to the mAP metric.      
### 11.Hierarchical Cross-Modality Semantic Correlation Learning Model for Multimodal Summarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12072.pdf)
>  Multimodal summarization with multimodal output (MSMO) generates a summary with both textual and visual content. Multimodal news report contains heterogeneous contents, which makes MSMO nontrivial. Moreover, it is observed that different modalities of data in the news report correlate hierarchically. Traditional MSMO methods indistinguishably handle different modalities of data by learning a representation for the whole data, which is not directly adaptable to the heterogeneous contents and hierarchical correlation. In this paper, we propose a hierarchical cross-modality semantic correlation learning model (HCSCL) to learn the intra- and inter-modal correlation existing in the multimodal data. HCSCL adopts a graph network to encode the intra-modal correlation. Then, a hierarchical fusion framework is proposed to learn the hierarchical correlation between text and images. Furthermore, we construct a new dataset with relevant image annotation and image object label information to provide the supervision information for the learning procedure. Extensive experiments on the dataset show that HCSCL significantly outperforms the baseline methods in automatic summarization metrics and fine-grained diversity tests.      
### 12.A Single-Target License Plate Detection with Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12070.pdf)
>  With the development of deep learning, Neural Network is commonly adopted to the License Plate Detection (LPD) task and achieves much better performance and precision, especially CNN-based networks can achieve state of the art RetinaNet[1]. For a single object detection task such as LPD, modified general object detection would be time-consuming, unable to cope with complex scenarios and a cumbersome weights file that is too hard to deploy on the embedded device.      
### 13.Deep Models for Visual Sentiment Analysis of Disaster-related Multimedia Content  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12060.pdf)
>  This paper presents a solutions for the MediaEval 2021 task namely "Visual Sentiment Analysis: A Natural Disaster Use-case". The task aims to extract and classify sentiments perceived by viewers and the emotional message conveyed by natural disaster-related images shared on social media. The task is composed of three sub-tasks including, one single label multi-class image classification task, and, two multi-label multi-class image classification tasks, with different sets of labels. In our proposed solutions, we rely mainly on two different state-of-the-art models namely, Inception-v3 and VggNet-19, pre-trained on ImageNet, which are fine-tuned for each of the three task using different strategies. Overall encouraging results are obtained on all the three tasks. On the single-label classification task (i.e. Task 1), we obtained the weighted average F1-scores of 0.540 and 0.526 for the Inception-v3 and VggNet-19 based solutions, respectively. On the multi-label classification i.e., Task 2 and Task 3, the weighted F1-score of our Inception-v3 based solutions was 0.572 and 0.516, respectively. Similarly, the weighted F1-score of our VggNet-19 based solution on Task 2 and Task 3 was 0.584 and 0.495, respectively.      
### 14.Multi-View Partial (MVP) Point Cloud Challenge 2021 on Completion and Registration: Methods and Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12053.pdf)
>  As real-scanned point clouds are mostly partial due to occlusions and viewpoints, reconstructing complete 3D shapes based on incomplete observations becomes a fundamental problem for computer vision. With a single incomplete point cloud, it becomes the partial point cloud completion problem. Given multiple different observations, 3D reconstruction can be addressed by performing partial-to-partial point cloud registration. Recently, a large-scale Multi-View Partial (MVP) point cloud dataset has been released, which consists of over 100,000 high-quality virtual-scanned partial point clouds. Based on the MVP dataset, this paper reports methods and results in the Multi-View Partial Point Cloud Challenge 2021 on Completion and Registration. In total, 128 participants registered for the competition, and 31 teams made valid submissions. The top-ranked solutions will be analyzed, and then we will discuss future research directions.      
### 15.Learning and Crafting for the Wide Multiple Baseline Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12027.pdf)
>  This thesis introduces the wide multiple baseline stereo (WxBS) problem. WxBS, a generalization of the standard wide baseline stereo problem, considers the matching of images that simultaneously differ in more than one image acquisition factor such as viewpoint, illumination, sensor type, or where object appearance changes significantly, e.g., over time. A new dataset with the ground truth, evaluation metric and baselines has been introduced. <br>The thesis presents the following improvements of the WxBS pipeline. (i) A loss function, called HardNeg, for learning a local image descriptor that relies on hard negative mining within a mini-batch and on the maximization of the distance between the closest positive and the closest negative patches. (ii) The descriptor trained with the HardNeg loss, called HardNet, is compact and shows state-of-the-art performance in standard matching, patch verification and retrieval benchmarks. (iii) A method for learning the affine shape, orientation, and potentially other parameters related to geometric and appearance properties of local features. (iv) A tentative correspondences generation strategy which generalizes the standard first to second closest distance ratio is presented. The selection strategy, which shows performance superior to the standard method, is applicable to either hard-engineered descriptors like SIFT, LIOP, and MROGH or deeply learned like HardNet. (v) A feedback loop is introduced for the two-view matching problem, resulting in MODS -- matching with on-demand view synthesis -- algorithm. MODS is an algorithm that handles a viewing angle difference even larger than the previous state-of-the-art ASIFT algorithm, without a significant increase of computational cost over "standard" wide and narrow baseline approaches. Last, but not least, a comprehensive benchmark for local features and robust estimation algorithms is introduced.      
### 16.Barely-Supervised Learning: Semi-Supervised Learning with very few labeled images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12004.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the problem of semi-supervised learning when the set of labeled samples is limited to a small number of images per class, typically less than 10, problem that we refer to as barely-supervised learning. We analyze in depth the behavior of a state-of-the-art semi-supervised method, FixMatch, which relies on a weakly-augmented version of an image to obtain supervision signal for a more strongly-augmented version. We show that it frequently fails in barely-supervised scenarios, due to a lack of training signal when no pseudo-label can be predicted with high confidence. We propose a method to leverage self-supervised methods that provides training signal in the absence of confident pseudo-labels. We then propose two methods to refine the pseudo-label selection process which lead to further improvements. The first one relies on a per-sample history of the model predictions, akin to a voting scheme. The second iteratively updates class-dependent confidence thresholds to better explore classes that are under-represented in the pseudo-labels. Our experiments show that our approach performs significantly better on STL-10 in the barely-supervised regime, e.g. with 4 or 8 labeled images per class.      
### 17.Looking Beyond Corners: Contrastive Learning of Visual Representations for Keypoint Detection and Description Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12002.pdf)
>  Learnable keypoint detectors and descriptors are beginning to outperform classical hand-crafted feature extraction methods. Recent studies on self-supervised learning of visual representations have driven the increasing performance of learnable models based on deep networks. By leveraging traditional data augmentations and homography transformations, these networks learn to detect corners under adverse conditions such as extreme illumination changes. However, their generalization capabilities are limited to corner-like features detected a priori by classical methods or synthetically generated data. <br>In this paper, we propose the Correspondence Network (CorrNet) that learns to detect repeatable keypoints and to extract discriminative descriptions via unsupervised contrastive learning under spatial constraints. Our experiments show that CorrNet is not only able to detect low-level features such as corners, but also high-level features that represent similar objects present in a pair of input images through our proposed joint guided backpropagation of their latent space. Our approach obtains competitive results under viewpoint changes and achieves state-of-the-art performance under illumination changes.      
### 18.DA-FDFtNet: Dual Attention Fake Detection Fine-tuning Network to Detect Various AI-Generated Fake Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12001.pdf)
>  Due to the advancement of Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), Autoencoders, and other AI technologies, it has been much easier to create fake images such as "Deepfakes". More recent research has introduced few-shot learning, which uses a small amount of training data to produce fake images and videos more effectively. Therefore, the ease of generating manipulated images and the difficulty of distinguishing those images can cause a serious threat to our society, such as propagating fake information. However, detecting realistic fake images generated by the latest AI technology is challenging due to the reasons mentioned above. In this work, we propose Dual Attention Fake Detection Fine-tuning Network (DA-FDFtNet) to detect the manipulated fake face images from the real face data. Our DA-FDFtNet integrates the pre-trained model with Fine-Tune Transformer, MBblockV3, and a channel attention module to improve the performance and robustness across different types of fake images. In particular, Fine-Tune Transformer consists of multiple numbers of an image-based self-attention module and a down-sampling layer. The channel attention module is also connected with the pre-trained model to capture the fake images feature space. We experiment with our DA-FDFtNet with the FaceForensics++ dataset and various GAN-generated datasets, and we show that our approach outperforms the previous baseline models.      
### 19.Automatic Estimation of Anthropometric Human Body Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11992.pdf)
>  Research tasks related to human body analysis have been drawing a lot of attention in computer vision area over the last few decades, considering its potential benefits on our day-to-day life. Anthropometry is a field defining physical measures of a human body size, form, and functional capacities. Specifically, the accurate estimation of anthropometric body measurements from visual human body data is one of the challenging problems, where the solution would ease many different areas of applications, including ergonomics, garment manufacturing, etc. This paper formulates a research in the field of deep learning and neural networks, to tackle the challenge of body measurements estimation from various types of visual input data (such as 2D images or 3D point clouds). Also, we deal with the lack of real human data annotated with ground truth body measurements required for training and evaluation, by generating a synthetic dataset of various human body shapes and performing a skeleton-driven annotation.      
### 20.Page Segmentation using Visual Adjacency Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11975.pdf)
>  Page segmentation is a web page analysis process that divides a page into cohesive segments, such as sidebars, headers, and footers. Current page segmentation approaches use either the DOM, textual content, or rendering style information of the page. However, these approaches have a number of drawbacks, such as a large number of parameters and rigid assumptions about the page, which negatively impact their segmentation accuracy. We propose a novel page segmentation approach based on visual analysis of localized adjacency regions. It combines DOM attributes and visual analysis to build features of a given page and guide an unsupervised clustering. We evaluate our approach on 35 real-world web pages, and examine the effectiveness and efficiency of segmentation. The results show that, compared with state-of-the-art, our approach achieves an average of 156% increase in precision and 249% improvement in F-measure.      
### 21.Meta-Learning and Self-Supervised Pretraining for Real World Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11929.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning, in particular enabled by hardware advances and big data, have provided impressive results across a wide range of computational problems such as computer vision, natural language, or reinforcement learning. Many of these improvements are however constrained to problems with large-scale curated data-sets which require a lot of human labor to gather. Additionally, these models tend to generalize poorly under both slight distributional shifts and low-data regimes. In recent years, emerging fields such as meta-learning or self-supervised learning have been closing the gap between proof-of-concept results and real-life applications of machine learning by extending deep-learning to the semi-supervised and few-shot domains. We follow this line of work and explore spatio-temporal structure in a recently introduced image-to-image translation problem in order to: i) formulate a novel multi-task few-shot image generation benchmark and ii) explore data augmentations in contrastive pre-training for image translation downstream tasks. We present several baselines for the few-shot problem and discuss trade-offs between different approaches. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/irugina/meta-image-translation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Few-shot Font Generation with Weakly Supervised Localized Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11895.pdf)
>  Automatic few-shot font generation aims to solve a well-defined, real-world problem because manual font designs are expensive and sensitive to the expertise of designers. Existing methods learn to disentangle style and content elements by developing a universal style representation for each font style. However, this approach limits the model in representing diverse local styles, because it is unsuitable for complicated letter systems, for example, Chinese, whose characters consist of a varying number of components (often called "radical") -- with a highly complex structure. In this paper, we propose a novel font generation method that learns localized styles, namely component-wise style representations, instead of universal styles. The proposed style representations enable the synthesis of complex local details in text designs. However, learning component-wise styles solely from a few reference glyphs is infeasible when a target script has a large number of components, for example, over 200 for Chinese. To reduce the number of required reference glyphs, we represent component-wise styles by a product of component and style factors, inspired by low-rank matrix factorization. Owing to the combination of strong representation and a compact factorization strategy, our method shows remarkably better few-shot font generation results (with only eight reference glyphs) than other state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, strong locality supervision, for example, location of each component, skeleton, or strokes, was not utilized. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/clovaai/lffont" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/clovaai/fewshot-font-generation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Geodesic squared exponential kernel for non-rigid shape registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11853.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of non-rigid registration of 3D scans, which is at the core of shape modeling techniques. Firstly, we propose a new kernel based on geodesic distances for the Gaussian Process Morphable Models (GPMMs) framework. The use of geodesic distances into the kernel makes it more adapted to the topological and geometric characteristics of the surface and leads to more realistic deformations around holes and curved areas. Since the kernel possesses hyperparameters we have optimized them for the task of face registration on the FaceWarehouse dataset. We show that the Geodesic squared exponential kernel performs significantly better than state of the art kernels for the task of face registration on all the 20 expressions of the FaceWarehouse dataset. Secondly, we propose a modification of the loss function used in the non-rigid ICP registration algorithm, that allows to weight the correspondences according to the confidence given to them. As a use case, we show that we can make the registration more robust to outliers in the 3D scans, such as non-skin parts.      
### 24.A Discriminative Single-Shot Segmentation Network for Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11846.pdf)
>  Template-based discriminative trackers are currently the dominant tracking paradigm due to their robustness, but are restricted to bounding box tracking and a limited range of transformation models, which reduces their localization accuracy. We propose a discriminative single-shot segmentation tracker -- D3S2, which narrows the gap between visual object tracking and video object segmentation. A single-shot network applies two target models with complementary geometric properties, one invariant to a broad range of transformations, including non-rigid deformations, the other assuming a rigid object to simultaneously achieve robust online target segmentation. The overall tracking reliability is further increased by decoupling the object and feature scale estimation. Without per-dataset finetuning, and trained only for segmentation as the primary output, D3S2 outperforms all published trackers on the recent short-term tracking benchmark VOT2020 and performs very close to the state-of-the-art trackers on the GOT-10k, TrackingNet, OTB100 and LaSoT. D3S2 outperforms the leading segmentation tracker SiamMask on video object segmentation benchmarks and performs on par with top video object segmentation algorithms.      
### 25.Bottom-up approaches for multi-person pose estimation and it's applications: A brief review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11834.pdf)
>  Human Pose Estimation (HPE) is one of the fundamental problems in computer vision. It has applications ranging from virtual reality, human behavior analysis, video surveillance, anomaly detection, self-driving to medical assistance. The main objective of HPE is to obtain the person's posture from the given input. Among different paradigms for HPE, one paradigm is called bottom-up multi-person pose estimation. In the bottom-up approach, initially, all the key points of the targets are detected, and later in the optimization stage, the detected key points are associated with the corresponding targets. This review paper discussed the recent advancements in bottom-up approaches for the HPE and listed the possible high-quality datasets used to train the models. Additionally, a discussion of the prominent bottom-up approaches and their quantitative results on the standard performance matrices are given. Finally, the limitations of the existing methods are highlighted, and guidelines of the future research directions are given.      
### 26.Binary Image Skeletonization Using 2-Stage U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11824.pdf)
>  Object Skeletonization is the process of extracting skeletal, line-like representations of shapes. It provides a very useful tool for geometric shape understanding and minimal shape representation. It also has a wide variety of applications, most notably in anatomical research and activity detection. Several mathematical algorithmic approaches have been developed to solve this problem, and some of them have been proven quite robust. However, a lesser amount of attention has been invested into deep learning solutions for it. In this paper, we use a 2-stage variant of the famous U-Net architecture to split the problem space into two sub-problems: shape minimization and corrective skeleton thinning. Our model produces results that are visually much better than the baseline SkelNetOn model. We propose a new metric, M-CCORR, based on normalized correlation coefficients as an alternative to F1 for this challenge as it solves the problem of class imbalance, managing to recognize skeleton similarity without suffering from F1's over-sensitivity to pixel-shifts.      
### 27.YOLO-Z: Improving small object detection in YOLOv5 for autonomous vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11798.pdf)
>  As autonomous vehicles and autonomous racing rise in popularity, so does the need for faster and more accurate detectors. While our naked eyes are able to extract contextual information almost instantly, even from far away, image resolution and computational resources limitations make detecting smaller objects (that is, objects that occupy a small pixel area in the input image) a genuinely challenging task for machines and a wide-open research field. This study explores how the popular YOLOv5 object detector can be modified to improve its performance in detecting smaller objects, with a particular application in autonomous racing. To achieve this, we investigate how replacing certain structural elements of the model (as well as their connections and other parameters) can affect performance and inference time. In doing so, we propose a series of models at different scales, which we name `YOLO-Z', and which display an improvement of up to 6.9% in mAP when detecting smaller objects at 50% IOU, at the cost of just a 3ms increase in inference time compared to the original YOLOv5. Our objective is to inform future research on the potential of adjusting a popular detector such as YOLOv5 to address specific tasks and provide insights on how specific changes can impact small object detection. Such findings, applied to the broader context of autonomous vehicles, could increase the amount of contextual information available to such systems.      
### 28.BEVDet: High-performance Multi-camera 3D Object Detection in Bird-Eye-View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11790.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving perceives the surrounding environment for decision making, which is one of the most complicated scenes for visual perception. The great power of paradigm innovation in solving the 2D object detection task inspires us to seek an elegant, feasible, and scalable paradigm for pushing the performance boundary in this area. To this end, we contribute the BEVDet paradigm in this paper. BEVDet is developed by following the principle of detecting the 3D objects in Bird-Eye-View (BEV), where route planning can be handily performed. In this paradigm, four kinds of modules are conducted in succession with different roles: an image-view encoder for encoding feature in image view, a view transformer for feature transformation from image view to BEV, a BEV encoder for further encoding feature in BEV, and a task-specific head for predicting the targets in BEV. We merely reuse the existing modules for constructing BEVDet and make it feasible for multi-camera 3D object detection by constructing an exclusive data augmentation strategy. The proposed paradigm works well in multi-camera 3D object detection and offers a good trade-off between computing budget and performance. BEVDet with 704x256 (1/8 of the competitors) image size scores 29.4% mAP and 38.4% NDS on the nuScenes val set, which is comparable with FCOS3D (i.e., 2008.2 GFLOPs, 1.7 FPS, 29.5% mAP and 37.2% NDS), while requires merely 12% computing budget of 239.4 GFLOPs and runs 4.3 times faster. Scaling up the input size to 1408x512, BEVDet scores 34.9% mAP, and 41.7% NDS, which requires just 601.4 GFLOPs and significantly suppresses FCOS3D by 5.4% mAP and 4.5% NDS. The superior performance of BEVDet tells the magic of paradigm innovation.      
### 29.Exploring Inter-frequency Guidance of Image for Lightweight Gaussian Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11779.pdf)
>  Image denoising is of vital importance in many imaging or computer vision related areas. With the convolutional neural networks showing strong capability in computer vision tasks, the performance of image denoising has also been brought up by CNN based methods. Though CNN based image denoisers show promising results on this task, most of the current CNN based methods try to learn the mapping from noisy image to clean image directly, which lacks the explicit exploration of prior knowledge of images and noises. Natural images are observed to obey the reciprocal power law, implying the low-frequency band of image tend to occupy most of the energy. Thus in the condition of AGWN (additive gaussian white noise) deterioration, low-frequency band tend to preserve a higher PSNR than high-frequency band. Considering the spatial morphological consistency of different frequency bands, low-frequency band with more fidelity can be used as a guidance to refine the more contaminated high-frequency bands. Based on this thought, we proposed a novel network architecture denoted as IGNet, in order to refine the frequency bands from low to high in a progressive manner. Firstly, it decomposes the feature maps into high- and low-frequency subbands using DWT (discrete wavelet transform) iteratively, and then each low band features are used to refine the high band features. Finally, the refined feature maps are processed by a decoder to recover the clean result. With this design, more inter-frequency prior and information are utilized, thus the model size can be lightened while still perserves competitive results. Experiments on several public datasets show that our model obtains competitive performance comparing with other state-of-the-art methods yet with a lightweight structure.      
### 30.Class-aware Sounding Objects Localization via Audiovisual Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11749.pdf)
>  Audiovisual scenes are pervasive in our daily life. It is commonplace for humans to discriminatively localize different sounding objects but quite challenging for machines to achieve class-aware sounding objects localization without category annotations, i.e., localizing the sounding object and recognizing its category. To address this problem, we propose a two-stage step-by-step learning framework to localize and recognize sounding objects in complex audiovisual scenarios using only the correspondence between audio and vision. First, we propose to determine the sounding area via coarse-grained audiovisual correspondence in the single source cases. Then visual features in the sounding area are leveraged as candidate object representations to establish a category-representation object dictionary for expressive visual character extraction. We generate class-aware object localization maps in cocktail-party scenarios and use audiovisual correspondence to suppress silent areas by referring to this dictionary. Finally, we employ category-level audiovisual consistency as the supervision to achieve fine-grained audio and sounding object distribution alignment. Experiments on both realistic and synthesized videos show that our model is superior in localizing and recognizing objects as well as filtering out silent ones. We also transfer the learned audiovisual network into the unsupervised object detection task, obtaining reasonable performance.      
### 31.Generalized Local Optimality for Video Steganalysis in Motion Vector Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11729.pdf)
>  The local optimality of motion vectors (MVs) is an intrinsic property in video coding, and any modifications to the MVs will inevitably destroy this optimality, making it a sensitive indicator of steganography in the MV domain. Thus the local optimality is commonly used to design steganalytic features, and the estimation for local optimality has become a top priority in video steganalysis. However, the local optimality in existing works is often estimated inaccurately or using an unreasonable assumption, limiting its capability in steganalysis. In this paper, we propose to estimate the local optimality in a more reasonable and comprehensive fashion, and generalize the concept of local optimality in two aspects. First, the local optimality measured in a rate-distortion sense is jointly determined by MV and predicted motion vector (PMV), and the variability of PMV will affect the estimation for local optimality. Hence we generalize the local optimality from a static estimation to a dynamic one. Second, the PMV is a special case of MV, and can also reflect the embedding traces in MVs. So we generalize the local optimality from the MV domain to the PMV domain. Based on the two generalizations of local optimality, we construct new types of steganalytic features and also propose feature symmetrization rules to reduce feature dimension. Extensive experiments performed on three databases demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed features, which achieve state-of-the-art in both accuracy and robustness in various conditions, including cover source mismatch, video prediction methods, video codecs, and video resolutions.      
### 32.Comparing radiologists' gaze and saliency maps generated by interpretability methods for chest x-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11716.pdf)
>  The interpretability of medical image analysis models is considered a key research field. We use a dataset of eye-tracking data from five radiologists to compare the outputs of interpretability methods against the heatmaps representing where radiologists looked. We conduct a class-independent analysis of the saliency maps generated by two methods selected from the literature: Grad-CAM and attention maps from an attention-gated model. For the comparison, we use shuffled metrics, which avoid biases from fixation locations. We achieve scores comparable to an interobserver baseline in one shuffled metric, highlighting the potential of saliency maps from Grad-CAM to mimic a radiologist's attention over an image. We also divide the dataset into subsets to evaluate in which cases similarities are higher.      
### 33.High-Accuracy RGB-D Face Recognition via Segmentation-Aware Face Depth Estimation and Mask-Guided Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11713.pdf)
>  Deep learning approaches have achieved highly accurate face recognition by training the models with very large face image datasets. Unlike the availability of large 2D face image datasets, there is a lack of large 3D face datasets available to the public. Existing public 3D face datasets were usually collected with few subjects, leading to the over-fitting problem. This paper proposes two CNN models to improve the RGB-D face recognition task. The first is a segmentation-aware depth estimation network, called DepthNet, which estimates depth maps from RGB face images by including semantic segmentation information for more accurate face region localization. The other is a novel mask-guided RGB-D face recognition model that contains an RGB recognition branch, a depth map recognition branch, and an auxiliary segmentation mask branch with a spatial attention module. Our DepthNet is used to augment a large 2D face image dataset to a large RGB-D face dataset, which is used for training an accurate RGB-D face recognition model. Furthermore, the proposed mask-guided RGB-D face recognition model can fully exploit the depth map and segmentation mask information and is more robust against pose variation than previous methods. Our experimental results show that DepthNet can produce more reliable depth maps from face images with the segmentation mask. Our mask-guided face recognition model outperforms state-of-the-art methods on several public 3D face datasets.      
### 34.Fusion of medical imaging and electronic health records with attention and multi-head machanisms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11710.pdf)
>  Doctors often make diagonostic decisions based on patient's image scans, such as magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and patient's electronic health records (EHR) such as age, gender, blood pressure and so on. Despite a lot of automatic methods have been proposed for either image or text analysis in computer vision or natural language research areas, much fewer studies have been developed for the fusion of medical image and EHR data for medical problems. Among existing early or intermediate fusion methods, concatenation of features from both modalities is still a mainstream. For a better exploiting of image and EHR data, we propose a multi-modal attention module which use EHR data to help the selection of important regions during image feature extraction process conducted by traditional CNN. Moreover, we propose to incorporate multi-head machnism to gated multimodal unit (GMU) to make it able to parallelly fuse image and EHR features in different subspaces. With the help of the two modules, existing CNN architecture can be enhanced using both modalities. Experiments on predicting Glasgow outcome scale (GOS) of intracerebral hemorrhage patients and classifying Alzheimer's Disease showed the proposed method can automatically focus on task-related areas and achieve better results by making better use of image and EHR features.      
### 35.Entropy Regularized Iterative Weighted Shrinkage-Thresholding Algorithm (ERIWSTA): An Application to CT Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11706.pdf)
>  The iterative weighted shrinkage-thresholding algorithm (IWSTA) has shown superiority to the classic unweighted iterative shrinkage-thresholding algorithm (ISTA) for solving linear inverse problems, which address the attributes differently. This paper proposes a new entropy regularized IWSTA (ERIWSTA) that adds an entropy regularizer to the cost function to measure the uncertainty of the weights to stimulate attributes to participate in problem solving. Then, the weights are solved with a Lagrange multiplier method to obtain a simple iterative update. The weights can be explained as the probability of the contribution of an attribute to the problem solution. Experimental results on CT image restoration show that the proposed method has better performance in terms of convergence speed and restoration accuracy than the existing methods.      
### 36.Adaptive Contrast for Image Regression in Computer-Aided Disease Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11700.pdf)
>  Image regression tasks for medical applications, such as bone mineral density (BMD) estimation and left-ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) prediction, play an important role in computer-aided disease assessment. Most deep regression methods train the neural network with a single regression loss function like MSE or L1 loss. In this paper, we propose the first contrastive learning framework for deep image regression, namely AdaCon, which consists of a feature learning branch via a novel adaptive-margin contrastive loss and a regression prediction branch. Our method incorporates label distance relationships as part of the learned feature representations, which allows for better performance in downstream regression tasks. Moreover, it can be used as a plug-and-play module to improve performance of existing regression methods. We demonstrate the effectiveness of AdaCon on two medical image regression tasks, ie, bone mineral density estimation from X-ray images and left-ventricular ejection fraction prediction from echocardiogram videos. AdaCon leads to relative improvements of 3.3% and 5.9% in MAE over state-of-the-art BMD estimation and LVEF prediction methods, respectively.      
### 37.Few-Shot Object Detection: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11699.pdf)
>  Humans are able to learn to recognize new objects even from a few examples. In contrast, training deep-learning-based object detectors requires huge amounts of annotated data. To avoid the need to acquire and annotate these huge amounts of data, few-shot object detection aims to learn from few object instances of new categories in the target domain. In this survey, we provide an overview of the state of the art in few-shot object detection. We categorize approaches according to their training scheme and architectural layout. For each type of approaches, we describe the general realization as well as concepts to improve the performance on novel categories. Whenever appropriate, we give short takeaways regarding these concepts in order to highlight the best ideas. Eventually, we introduce commonly used datasets and their evaluation protocols and analyze reported benchmark results. As a result, we emphasize common challenges in evaluation and identify the most promising current trends in this emerging field of few-shot object detection.      
### 38.CLEVR3D: Compositional Language and Elementary Visual Reasoning for Question Answering in 3D Real-World Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11691.pdf)
>  3D scene understanding is a relatively emerging research field. In this paper, we introduce the Visual Question Answering task in 3D real-world scenes (VQA-3D), which aims to answer all possible questions given a 3D scene. To tackle this problem, the first VQA-3D dataset, namely CLEVR3D, is proposed, which contains 60K questions in 1,129 real-world scenes. Specifically, we develop a question engine leveraging 3D scene graph structures to generate diverse reasoning questions, covering the questions of objects' attributes (i.e., size, color, and material) and their spatial relationships. Built upon this dataset, we further design the first VQA-3D baseline model, TransVQA3D. The TransVQA3D model adopts well-designed Transformer architectures to achieve superior VQA-3D performance, compared with the pure language baseline and previous 3D reasoning methods directly applied to 3D scenarios. Experimental results verify that taking VQA-3D as an auxiliary task can boost the performance of 3D scene understanding, including scene graph analysis for the node-wise classification and whole-graph recognition.      
### 39.Multi-Centroid Representation Network for Domain Adaptive Person Re-ID  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11689.pdf)
>  Recently, many approaches tackle the Unsupervised Domain Adaptive person re-identification (UDA re-ID) problem through pseudo-label-based contrastive learning. During training, a uni-centroid representation is obtained by simply averaging all the instance features from a cluster with the same pseudo label. However, a cluster may contain images with different identities (label noises) due to the imperfect clustering results, which makes the uni-centroid representation inappropriate. In this paper, we present a novel Multi-Centroid Memory (MCM) to adaptively capture different identity information within the cluster. MCM can effectively alleviate the issue of label noises by selecting proper positive/negative centroids for the query image. Moreover, we further propose two strategies to improve the contrastive learning process. First, we present a Domain-Specific Contrastive Learning (DSCL) mechanism to fully explore intradomain information by comparing samples only from the same domain. Second, we propose Second-Order Nearest Interpolation (SONI) to obtain abundant and informative negative samples. We integrate MCM, DSCL, and SONI into a unified framework named Multi-Centroid Representation Network (MCRN). Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of MCRN over state-of-the-art approaches on multiple UDA re-ID tasks and fully unsupervised re-ID tasks.      
### 40.Cost Aggregation Is All You Need for Few-Shot Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11685.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel cost aggregation network, dubbed Volumetric Aggregation with Transformers (VAT), to tackle the few-shot segmentation task by using both convolutions and transformers to efficiently handle high dimensional correlation maps between query and support. In specific, we propose our encoder consisting of volume embedding module to not only transform the correlation maps into more tractable size but also inject some convolutional inductive bias and volumetric transformer module for the cost aggregation. Our encoder has a pyramidal structure to let the coarser level aggregation to guide the finer level and enforce to learn complementary matching scores. We then feed the output into our affinity-aware decoder along with the projected feature maps for guiding the segmentation process. Combining these components, we conduct experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method, and our method sets a new state-of-the-art for all the standard benchmarks in few-shot segmentation task. Furthermore, we find that the proposed method attains state-of-the-art performance even for the standard benchmarks in semantic correspondence task although not specifically designed for this task. We also provide an extensive ablation study to validate our architectural choices. The trained weights and codes are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://seokju-cho.github.io/VAT/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Ghost-dil-NetVLAD: A Lightweight Neural Network for Visual Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11679.pdf)
>  Visual place recognition (VPR) is a challenging task with the unbalance between enormous computational cost and high recognition performance. Thanks to the practical feature extraction ability of the lightweight convolution neural networks (CNNs) and the train-ability of the vector of locally aggregated descriptors (VLAD) layer, we propose a lightweight weakly supervised end-to-end neural network consisting of a front-ended perception model called GhostCNN and a learnable VLAD layer as a back-end. GhostCNN is based on Ghost modules that are lightweight CNN-based architectures. They can generate redundant feature maps using linear operations instead of the traditional convolution process, making a good trade-off between computation resources and recognition accuracy. To enhance our proposed lightweight model further, we add dilated convolutions to the Ghost module to get features containing more spatial semantic information, improving accuracy. Finally, rich experiments conducted on a commonly used public benchmark and our private dataset validate that the proposed neural network reduces the FLOPs and parameters of VGG16-NetVLAD by 99.04% and 80.16%, respectively. Besides, both models achieve similar accuracy.      
### 42.GAN Based Boundary Aware Classifier for Detecting Out-of-distribution Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11648.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the problem of detecting out-of-distribution (ood) samples with neural nets. In image recognition tasks, the trained classifier often gives high confidence score for input images which are remote from the in-distribution (id) data, and this has greatly limited its application in real world. For alleviating this problem, we propose a GAN based boundary aware classifier (GBAC) for generating a closed hyperspace which only contains most id data. Our method is based on the fact that the traditional neural net seperates the feature space as several unclosed regions which are not suitable for ood detection. With GBAC as an auxiliary module, the ood data distributed outside the closed hyperspace will be assigned with much lower score, allowing more effective ood detection while maintaining the classification performance. Moreover, we present a fast sampling method for generating hard ood representations which lie on the boundary of pre-mentioned closed hyperspace. Experiments taken on several datasets and neural net architectures promise the effectiveness of GBAC.      
### 43.Exploring Credibility Scoring Metrics of Perception Systems for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11643.pdf)
>  Autonomous and semi-autonomous vehicles' perception algorithms can encounter situations with erroneous object detection, such as misclassification of objects on the road, which can lead to safety violations and potentially fatal consequences. While there has been substantial work in the robustness of object detection algorithms and online metric learning, there is little research on benchmarking scoring metrics to determine any possible indicators of potential misclassification. An emphasis is put on exploring the potential of taking these scoring metrics online in order to allow the AV to make perception-based decisions given real-time constraints. In this work, we explore which, if any, metrics act as online indicators of when perception algorithms and object detectors are failing. Our work provides insight on better design principles and characteristics of online metrics to accurately evaluate the credibility of object detectors. Our approach employs non-adversarial and realistic perturbations to images, on which we evaluate various quantitative metrics. We found that offline metrics can be designed to account for real-world corruptions such as poor weather conditions and that the analysis of such metrics can provide a segue into designing online metrics. This is a clear next step as it can allow for error-free autonomous vehicle perception and safer time-critical and safety-critical decision-making.      
### 44.JoJoGAN: One Shot Face Stylization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11641.pdf)
>  While there have been recent advances in few-shot image stylization, these methods fail to capture stylistic details that are obvious to humans. Details such as the shape of the eyes, the boldness of the lines, are especially difficult for a model to learn, especially so under a limited data setting. In this work, we aim to perform one-shot image stylization that gets the details right. Given a reference style image, we approximate paired real data using GAN inversion and finetune a pretrained StyleGAN using that approximate paired data. We then encourage the StyleGAN to generalize so that the learned style can be applied to all other images.      
### 45.Convolutional neural network based on transfer learning for breast cancer screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11629.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is the most common cancer in the world and the most prevalent cause of death among women worldwide. Nevertheless, it is also one of the most treatable malignancies if detected early. In this paper, a deep convolutional neural network-based algorithm is proposed to aid in accurately identifying breast cancer from ultrasonic images. In this algorithm, several neural networks are fused in a parallel architecture to perform the classification process and the voting criteria are applied in the final classification decision between the candidate object classes where the output of each neural network is representing a single vote. Several experiments were conducted on the breast ultrasound dataset consisting of 537 Benign, 360 malignant, and 133 normal images. These experiments show an optimistic result and a capability of the proposed model to outperform many state-of-the-art algorithms on several measures. Using k-fold cross-validation and a bagging classifier ensemble, we achieved an accuracy of 99.5% and a sensitivity of 99.6%.      
### 46.MOSAIC: Mobile Segmentation via decoding Aggregated Information and encoded Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11623.pdf)
>  We present a next-generation neural network architecture, MOSAIC, for efficient and accurate semantic image segmentation on mobile devices. MOSAIC is designed using commonly supported neural operations by diverse mobile hardware platforms for flexible deployment across various mobile platforms. With a simple asymmetric encoder-decoder structure which consists of an efficient multi-scale context encoder and a light-weight hybrid decoder to recover spatial details from aggregated information, MOSAIC achieves new state-of-the-art performance while balancing accuracy and computational cost. Deployed on top of a tailored feature extraction backbone based on a searched classification network, MOSAIC achieves a 5% absolute accuracy gain surpassing the current industry standard MLPerf models and state-of-the-art architectures.      
### 47.EyePAD++: A Distillation-based approach for joint Eye Authentication and Presentation Attack Detection using Periocular Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11610.pdf)
>  A practical eye authentication (EA) system targeted for edge devices needs to perform authentication and be robust to presentation attacks, all while remaining compute and latency efficient. However, existing eye-based frameworks a) perform authentication and Presentation Attack Detection (PAD) independently and b) involve significant pre-processing steps to extract the iris region. Here, we introduce a joint framework for EA and PAD using periocular images. While a deep Multitask Learning (MTL) network can perform both the tasks, MTL suffers from the forgetting effect since the training datasets for EA and PAD are disjoint. To overcome this, we propose Eye Authentication with PAD (EyePAD), a distillation-based method that trains a single network for EA and PAD while reducing the effect of forgetting. To further improve the EA performance, we introduce a novel approach called EyePAD++ that includes training an MTL network on both EA and PAD data, while distilling the `versatility' of the EyePAD network through an additional distillation step. Our proposed methods outperform the SOTA in PAD and obtain near-SOTA performance in eye-to-eye verification, without any pre-processing. We also demonstrate the efficacy of EyePAD and EyePAD++ in user-to-user verification with PAD across network backbones and image quality.      
### 48.AdaptPose: Cross-Dataset Adaptation for 3D Human Pose Estimation by Learnable Motion Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11593.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of cross-dataset generalization of 3D human pose estimation models. Testing a pre-trained 3D pose estimator on a new dataset results in a major performance drop. Previous methods have mainly addressed this problem by improving the diversity of the training data. We argue that diversity alone is not sufficient and that the characteristics of the training data need to be adapted to those of the new dataset such as camera viewpoint, position, human actions, and body size. To this end, we propose AdaptPose, an end-to-end framework that generates synthetic 3D human motions from a source dataset and uses them to fine-tune a 3D pose estimator. AdaptPose follows an adversarial training scheme. From a source 3D pose the generator generates a sequence of 3D poses and a camera orientation that is used to project the generated poses to a novel view. Without any 3D labels or camera information AdaptPose successfully learns to create synthetic 3D poses from the target dataset while only being trained on 2D poses. In experiments on the Human3.6M, MPI-INF-3DHP, 3DPW, and Ski-Pose datasets our method outperforms previous work in cross-dataset evaluations by 14% and previous semi-supervised learning methods that use partial 3D annotations by 16%.      
### 49.Anomaly Clustering: Grouping Images into Coherent Clusters of Anomaly Types  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11573.pdf)
>  We introduce anomaly clustering, whose goal is to group data into semantically coherent clusters of anomaly types. This is different from anomaly detection, whose goal is to divide anomalies from normal data. Unlike object-centered image clustering applications, anomaly clustering is particularly challenging as anomalous patterns are subtle and local. We present a simple yet effective clustering framework using a patch-based pretrained deep embeddings and off-the-shelf clustering methods. We define a distance function between images, each of which is represented as a bag of embeddings, by the Euclidean distance between weighted averaged embeddings. The weight defines the importance of instances (i.e., patch embeddings) in the bag, which may highlight defective regions. We compute weights in an unsupervised way or in a semi-supervised way if labeled normal data is available. Extensive experimental studies show the effectiveness of the proposed clustering framework along with a novel distance function upon existing multiple instance or deep clustering frameworks. Overall, our framework achieves 0.451 and 0.674 normalized mutual information scores on MVTec object and texture categories and further improve with a few labeled normal data (0.577, 0.669), far exceeding the baselines (0.244, 0.273) or state-of-the-art deep clustering methods (0.176, 0.277).      
### 50.Distribution-aware Margin Calibration for Semantic Segmentation in Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11554.pdf)
>  The Jaccard index, also known as Intersection-over-Union (IoU), is one of the most critical evaluation metrics in image semantic segmentation. However, direct optimization of IoU score is very difficult because the learning objective is neither differentiable nor decomposable. Although some algorithms have been proposed to optimize its surrogates, there is no guarantee provided for the generalization ability. In this paper, we propose a margin calibration method, which can be directly used as a learning objective, for an improved generalization of IoU over the data-distribution, underpinned by a rigid lower bound. This scheme theoretically ensures a better segmentation performance in terms of IoU score. We evaluated the effectiveness of the proposed margin calibration method on seven image datasets, showing substantial improvements in IoU score over other learning objectives using deep segmentation models.      
### 51.Decompose the Sounds and Pixels, Recompose the Events  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11547.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a framework centering around a novel architecture called the Event Decomposition Recomposition Network (EDRNet) to tackle the Audio-Visual Event (AVE) localization problem in the supervised and weakly supervised settings. AVEs in the real world exhibit common unravelling patterns (termed as Event Progress Checkpoints (EPC)), which humans can perceive through the cooperation of their auditory and visual senses. Unlike earlier methods which attempt to recognize entire event sequences, the EDRNet models EPCs and inter-EPC relationships using stacked temporal convolutions. Based on the postulation that EPC representations are theoretically consistent for an event category, we introduce the State Machine Based Video Fusion, a novel augmentation technique that blends source videos using different EPC template sequences. Additionally, we design a new loss function called the Land-Shore-Sea loss to compactify continuous foreground and background representations. Lastly, to alleviate the issue of confusing events during weak supervision, we propose a prediction stabilization method called Bag to Instance Label Correction. Experiments on the AVE dataset show that our collective framework outperforms the state-of-the-art by a sizable margin.      
### 52.Real-time Street Human Motion Capture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11543.pdf)
>  In recent years, motion capture technology using computers has developed rapidly. Because of its high efficiency and excellent performance, it replaces many traditional methods and is being widely used in many fields. Our project is about street scene video human motion capturing and analysis. The primary goal of the project is to capture the human motion in a video and use the motion information for 3D animation (human) in real-time. We applied a neural network for motion capture and implement it in the unity under a street view scene. By analyzing the motion data, we will have a better estimation of the street condition, which is useful for other high-tech applications such as self-driving cars.      
### 53.MIA-Former: Efficient and Robust Vision Transformers via Multi-grained Input-Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11542.pdf)
>  ViTs are often too computationally expensive to be fitted onto real-world resource-constrained devices, due to (1) their quadratically increased complexity with the number of input tokens and (2) their overparameterized self-attention heads and model depth. In parallel, different images are of varied complexity and their different regions can contain various levels of visual information, indicating that treating all regions/tokens equally in terms of model complexity is unnecessary while such opportunities for trimming down ViTs' complexity have not been fully explored. To this end, we propose a Multi-grained Input-adaptive Vision Transformer framework dubbed MIA-Former that can input-adaptively adjust the structure of ViTs at three coarse-to-fine-grained granularities (i.e., model depth and the number of model heads/tokens). In particular, our MIA-Former adopts a low-cost network trained with a hybrid supervised and reinforcement training method to skip unnecessary layers, heads, and tokens in an input adaptive manner, reducing the overall computational cost. Furthermore, an interesting side effect of our MIA-Former is that its resulting ViTs are naturally equipped with improved robustness against adversarial attacks over their static counterparts, because MIA-Former's multi-grained dynamic control improves the model diversity similar to the effect of ensemble and thus increases the difficulty of adversarial attacks against all its sub-models. Extensive experiments and ablation studies validate that the proposed MIA-Former framework can effectively allocate computation budgets adaptive to the difficulty of input images meanwhile increase robustness, achieving state-of-the-art (SOTA) accuracy-efficiency trade-offs, e.g., 20% computation savings with the same or even a higher accuracy compared with SOTA dynamic transformer models.      
### 54.Deeper Learning with CoLU Activation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12078.pdf)
>  In neural networks, non-linearity is introduced by activation functions. One commonly used activation function is Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU). ReLU has been a popular choice as an activation but has flaws. State-of-the-art functions like Swish and Mish are now gaining attention as a better choice as they combat many flaws presented by other activation functions. CoLU is an activation function similar to Swish and Mish in properties. It is defined as f(x)=x/(1-xe^-(x+e^x)). It is smooth, continuously differentiable, unbounded above, bounded below, non-saturating, and non-monotonic. Based on experiments done with CoLU with different activation functions, it is observed that CoLU usually performs better than other functions on deeper neural networks. While training different neural networks on MNIST on an incrementally increasing number of convolutional layers, CoLU retained the highest accuracy for more layers. On a smaller network with 8 convolutional layers, CoLU had the highest mean accuracy, closely followed by ReLU. On VGG-13 trained on Fashion-MNIST, CoLU had a 4.20% higher accuracy than Mish and 3.31% higher accuracy than ReLU. On ResNet-9 trained on Cifar-10, CoLU had 0.05% higher accuracy than Swish, 0.09% higher accuracy than Mish, and 0.29% higher accuracy than ReLU. It is observed that activation functions may behave better than other activation functions based on different factors including the number of layers, types of layers, number of parameters, learning rate, optimizer, etc. Further research can be done on these factors and activation functions for more optimal activation functions and more knowledge on their behavior.      
### 55.Community Detection in Medical Image Datasets: Using Wavelets and Spectral Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12021.pdf)
>  Medical image datasets can have large number of images representing patients with different health conditions and various disease severity. When dealing with raw unlabeled image datasets, the large number of samples often makes it hard for experts and non-experts to understand the variety of images present in a dataset. Supervised learning methods rely on labeled images which requires a considerable effort by medical experts to first understand the communities of images present in the data and then labeling the images. Here, we propose an algorithm to facilitate the automatic identification of communities in medical image datasets. We further explain that such analysis can also be insightful in a supervised setting, when the images are already labeled. Such insights are useful because in reality, health and disease severity can be considered a continuous spectrum, and within each class, there usually are finer communities worthy of investigation, especially when they have similarities to communities in other classes. In our approach, we use wavelet decomposition of images in tandem with spectral methods. We show that the eigenvalues of a graph Laplacian can reveal the number of notable communities in an image dataset. In our experiments, we use a dataset of images labeled with different conditions for COVID patients. We detect 25 communities in the dataset and then observe that only 6 of those communities contain patients with pneumonia. We also investigate the contents of a colorectal cancer histopathology dataset.      
### 56.Multimodal Analysis of memes for sentiment extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11850.pdf)
>  Memes are one of the most ubiquitous forms of social media communication. The study and processing of memes, which are intrinsically multimedia, is a popular topic right now. The study presented in this research is based on the Memotion dataset, which involves categorising memes based on irony, comedy, motivation, and overall-sentiment. Three separate innovative transformer-based techniques have been developed, and their outcomes have been thoroughly reviewed.The best algorithm achieved a macro F1 score of 0.633 for humour classification, 0.55 for motivation classification, 0.61 for sarcasm classification, and 0.575 for overall sentiment of the meme out of all our techniques.      
### 57.Deep learning for brain metastasis detection and segmentation in longitudinal MRI data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11833.pdf)
>  Brain metastases occur frequently in patients with metastatic cancer. Early and accurate detection of brain metastases is very essential for treatment planning and prognosis in radiation therapy. To improve brain metastasis detection performance with deep learning, a custom detection loss called volume-level sensitivity-specificity (VSS) is proposed, which rates individual metastasis detection sensitivity and specificity in (sub-)volume levels. As sensitivity and precision are always a trade-off in a metastasis level, either a high sensitivity or a high precision can be achieved by adjusting the weights in the VSS loss without decline in dice score coefficient for segmented metastases. To reduce metastasis-like structures being detected as false positive metastases, a temporal prior volume is proposed as an additional input of the neural network. Our proposed VSS loss improves the sensitivity of brain metastasis detection, increasing the sensitivity from 86.7% to 95.5%. Alternatively, it improves the precision from 68.8% to 97.8%. With the additional temporal prior volume, about 45% of the false positive metastases are reduced in the high sensitivity model and the precision reaches 99.6% for the high specificity model. The mean dice coefficient for all metastases is about 0.81. With the ensemble of the high sensitivity and high specificity models, on average only 1.5 false positive metastases per patient needs further check, while the majority of true positive metastases are confirmed. The ensemble learning is able to distinguish high confidence true positive metastases from metastases candidates that require special expert review or further follow-up, being particularly well-fit to the requirements of expert support in real clinical practice.      
### 58.Simple and Effective Balance of Contrastive Losses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11743.pdf)
>  Contrastive losses have long been a key ingredient of deep metric learning and are now becoming more popular due to the success of self-supervised learning. Recent research has shown the benefit of decomposing such losses into two sub-losses which act in a complementary way when learning the representation network: a positive term and an entropy term. Although the overall loss is thus defined as a combination of two terms, the balance of these two terms is often hidden behind implementation details and is largely ignored and sub-optimal in practice. In this work, we approach the balance of contrastive losses as a hyper-parameter optimization problem, and propose a coordinate descent-based search method that efficiently find the hyper-parameters that optimize evaluation performance. In the process, we extend existing balance analyses to the contrastive margin loss, include batch size in the balance, and explain how to aggregate loss elements from the batch to maintain near-optimal performance over a larger range of batch sizes. Extensive experiments with benchmarks from deep metric learning and self-supervised learning show that optimal hyper-parameters are found faster with our method than with other common search methods.      
### 59.Teacher-Student Architecture for Mixed Supervised Lung Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.11541.pdf)
>  Purpose: Automating tasks such as lung tumor localization and segmentation in radiological images can free valuable time for radiologists and other clinical personnel. Convolutional neural networks may be suited for such tasks, but require substantial amounts of labeled data to train. Obtaining labeled data is a challenge, especially in the medical domain. Methods: This paper investigates the use of a teacher-student design to utilize datasets with different types of supervision to train an automatic model performing pulmonary tumor segmentation on computed tomography images. The framework consists of two models: the student that performs end-to-end automatic tumor segmentation and the teacher that supplies the student additional pseudo-annotated data during training. Results: Using only a small proportion of semantically labeled data and a large number of bounding box annotated data, we achieved competitive performance using a teacher-student design. Models trained on larger amounts of semantic annotations did not perform better than those trained on teacher-annotated data. Conclusions: Our results demonstrate the potential of utilizing teacher-student designs to reduce the annotation load, as less supervised annotation schemes may be performed, without any real degradation in segmentation accuracy.      
